Congrats to NASA and the scientists taking us a step closer to Mars . Now enjoy Hawaii and get a shave ice !  This Memorial Day ,  I hope you'll join me in acts of remembrance . The debt we owe our fallen heroes is one we can never truly repay . Levels of carbon dioxide in our atmosphere are higher than theyve been in 800,000 years . 2014 was the planets warmest year on record . Congrats @Cubs   even @whitesox fans are rooting for you ! Proud of our Champions of Change   folks who prove that ,  here in America ,  there's no more powerful role than that o  . Thank you for everything . My last ask is the same as my first . I'm asking you to believenot in my ability to create change ,  but in yours . Welcoming the worlds vulnerable who seek the safety of America is not new to us . We've safely welcomed 3 million refugees since 1975.We've made big strides in the fight against Malaria   saving millions of lives . That's American leadership at work . When I took office ,  15.4% of our population was uninsured . Today ,  weve cut that by more than a third . With no other disease do we expect people to wait until they're a danger to themselves or others to self-diagnose and seek treatment . @HtetWint renewable energy key ,  already increased solar 10x and wind 3x ,  now need to invest more in r & d and provide regulatory incentives . 129 million Americans with pre-existing conditions can no longer be denied health coverage . Today ,  we honor those who honored our country with its highest form of service . We owe our veterans our thanks ,  our respect and our freedom . Dr . King and those who marched with him proved that people who love their country can change it . As Americans ,  we all owe them a great deal . Headed to the Detroit Auto Show today to showcase how our auto industry has come roaring back from the financial crisis . Here are the stats . So inspired by the grace shown by the Simmons family and all the victims' families in Charleston .  #HateWontWin  . 7 years ago today ,  Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy ,  setting off the worst financial crisis in decades . Here's how far we've come . Nearly 12 million people have been displaced by the conflict in Syria . As Americans ,  we can't sit idly by . That's not who we are . The uninsured rate is the lowest it's ever been . Let's keep at it until every American has quality ,  affordable health insurance . More than 16 million Americans have gained health coverage after 5 years of the Affordable Care Act . We will keep guns out of the wrong hands ,  enforce our guns laws ,  and ensure those with serious mental illnesses get treatment . Today's Senate vote on the Iran deal is a historic step toward preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon . The world is safer for it . The best part of the holidays is the time we share with those we love . On behalf of Michelle ,  Malia ,  and Sasha ,  Mer  . The 80 billion we spend each year to keep people incarcerated could pay for universal pre-K for every 3 year-old and 4 year-old in America . Before 1965 ,  African Americans faced poll taxes ,  literacy tests ,  or having to count jellybeans in a jar when they tried to register to vote . Que bol Cuba ?  Just touched down here ,  looking forward to meeting and hearing directly from the Cuban people . @ZCarlander agreement with China big and will be working w Brazil to develop their plans . We will all need to do more with US leading . In Treme ,  I was inspired by the progress & people 10 years after Katrina . It gives us hope ,  but our work isn't done . Thank you for your leadership @RepHalRogers . This epidemic doesn't discriminate between red or blue ,  so it's up to all of us to do our part . From the Obama family to yours ,  Merry Christmas !  And a special thank you to all our men and women in uniform this holiday season . Every woman has a constitutional right to make her own reproductive choices . I'm pleased to see the Supreme Court reaffirm that fact today . Americans still need and are asking Congress to pass commonsense gun laws that strengthen background checks and keep our communities safe . @drock89 as @Pontifex and other religious leaders have stated we have a moral obligation to the most vulnerable and the next generation . Our right to vote is sacred . It's the foundation of our democracy . You can find out how to register to vote at  . After more than 100 days ,  the Supreme Court still needs its 9th judge ,  but the Senate GOP refuses to do its job and consider Judge Garland . Voted early today . Make sure you vote too  . @apat246 @chicagobulls love thibs and think he did a great job . Sorry to see him go but expect he will be snatched up soon by another team . Congrats to the  #USWNT !  Can't wait for the finals . You make us all proud ! Slamming the door in the face of refugees would betray our deepest values . That's not who we are . And it's not what we're going to do . Check out my newest science advisors !  These kids are fearless in using science to tackle our toughest problems . Tha  . Hurricane Matthew is as serious as it gets . Listen to local officials ,  prepare ,  take care of each other . I'm proud of the @NBA for taking a stand against gun violence . Sympathy for victims isn't enough  change requires all of us speaking up . Great speech . She's tested . She's ready . She never quits . That's why Hillary should be our next @POTUS .  She'll get the Twitter handle ,  too  . Gun violence requires more than moments of silence . It requires action . In failing that test ,  the Senate failed the American people . was listening to outkastliberation and the black keyslonely boy this morning . overwhelming majority of americans understand of diversity and religious pluralism is one of our greatest strengths   . congratulations !  hope you guys are getting sleep . nothing beats babies !  Communities are showing that we should approach substance use disorders as an opportunity to intervene rather than a race to incarcerate . Thank you for all you've done to protect our sacred right to vote . It's as important today as it's ever been . We still have differences with the Cuban government that I will raise directly . America will always stand for human rights around the world . Had a great visit today with Emma Didlake   our oldest living veteran at 110 years-young !  She's a true American hero . In 1980 ,  there were 500,000 people in American jails . Today ,  there are 2.2 million . Many belong . But too many are nonviolent offenders . Facing the worst financial crisis in 80 years ,  you delivered the longest streak of job growth in our history . Been waiting to drop this summer playlist ,  the encore . What's everybody listening to ?  Pretty incredible time lapse of the dark side of the moon passing Earth from @NASA . American ingenuity at work !  By giving him its highest rating ,  the American Bar Association confirms what we all know Judge Garland should serve on the Supreme Court . We will provide refuge to at least 10,000 refugees fleeing violence in Syria over the next year after they pass the highest security checks . Just got great news   nearly 13 million Americans signed up this round for private health insurance thanks to the Affordable Care Act . new LA gov edwards just expanded medicaid gets 1000s coverage & helps the state budget . more states need to follow   . For a century ,  Planned Parenthood has made it possible for women to determine their own lives . Here's to another  #100YearsStrong . Today we honor a man who challenged us to bend the arc of the moral universe toward justice . Let's keep working to realize Dr . King's dream . not true   like last year ,  insurers request premium hikes ,  but must be approved expect final increases to be less    . 120 Americans die every day from drug overdoses   most involving legal prescription drugs . That's more than from car crashes . It happened @Cubs win World Series . That's change even this South Sider can believe in . Want to come to the White House before I leave ? 25 years of the ADA and Americans with disabilities are breaking more barriers than ever ,  making all of us more free . Let's keep going . Despite what the critics will tell you ,  this plan will ultimately save the average American family nearly 85 a year on their energy bills . so we all need to speak out against bias and stereotypes ,  to protect the freedom of others ,  and our own as well . 14 months ago ,  I announced that we would begin normalizing relations with Cuba   and we've already made significant progress . South Carolina taking down the confederate flag   a signal of good will and healing ,  and a meaningful step towards a better future . Congratulations to Maine-Endwell ,  Little League World Series Champs and still undefeated !  Proud of you and the sportsmanship you showed . Womens opportunities are expanded and our nation is stronger when all of our citizens have accessible ,  affordable health care . If you or someone you care about needs affordable health coverage ,  head over to  . We brought home more of our troops & strengthened U.S . leadershipleading with diplomacy & partnering with nations to meet global problems . Millions of families are more secure thanks to the ACA . Join them and  #GetCovered on Nov 1  . Here's how we're looking at the road ahead  . Due to popular request ,  here are my vacation playlists  . We just took an important step on equal pay . Let's keep at it until every woman & girl gets a fair shot at success  . Final win for Phelps . World record for Ledecky . 3  #1 finishes for Biles . That's how  #TeamUSA gets America to 1000 golds-way to make history . health care inflation lowest in decades since ACA passed problem is more costs passed to workers thru copays ,  etc . The strong Paris agreement on climate means a safer ,  more secure world for our kids . A perfect example of what American leadership can do . @BigBennyFL 2 But since we can't prevent oil exploration completely in region we're setting the highest possible standards . Outstanding 3 for 3 debate sweep for @HillaryClinton !  Nobody has ever been more prepared to be @POTUS . In 2009 ,  our auto industry was flatlining . Now our workers are on pace to sell more American cars and trucks than any year since 2001.In Camden today ,  seeing first-hand how smart policing is making the community safer while building trust . Hey @StationCDRKelly ,  loving the photos . Do you ever look out the window and just freak out ? . @Jamesthe4tress Already expanded Pell Grants and capped student loan interest rates now want to make 2 yrs of community college free . Thank you John Lewis for leading on gun violence where we need it most . Proud to make this one of my final actions as President . America is a nation of second chances ,  and 1,715 people de  . Expanded pell grants ,  capped loan repayments at 10% income ,  but now want to also make 2 yrs community college free . Incredible !  After a 5 year journey ,  we're up close and personal with our solar system's largest planet . Welcome to Jupiter ,  @NASAJuno ! Cars and trucks made in the USA are more fuel efficient than ever before  and still the best in the world . Bringing a little Austin to the South Lawn today . Sales of powerful painkillers have skyrocketed . In 2012 ,  enough prescriptions were written to give every American adult a bottle of pills . Each year ,  more than 30,000 American lives are cut short by guns   two-thirds coming from suicides . Too many Americans have lost loved ones . It's pretty simple Find a plan ,  get covered ,  earn some peace of mind . Start today  . We've cut the unemployment rate in half  from a high of 10% down to 5.1%. And we're not done . Expressions of sympathy arent enough . Its time we do something about this . Here's to The King who was as extraordinary on the links as he was generous to others . Thanks for the memories ,  Arn  . Hey everyone !  Ready to answer your questions here at McKinley High School in Baton Rouge . Let's do this .  #AskPOTUS  . Today ,  we honor those who are leading the fight against HIVAIDS . Because of them ,  an AIDS-free generation is now w  . We've provided more than 4.5 billion in humanitarian aid to help meet the needs of those impacted by the Syrian conflict . I won't stop I'll be right there with you as a citizen ,  inspired by your voices of truth and justice ,  good humor ,  and love . The opioid epidemic is destroying lives . We need to put treatment within reach of anyone who needs it . We have a moral responsibility to do what we can for families forced from their homes . Find out how you can help at  . there's a hardship exemption fine only applies to folks who can afford insurance but choose not to . Congrats to my hometown @NHLBlackhawks on 3 titles in 6 years   we'll see you and The Cup at the White House ! Looking forward to discussing more ways we can modernize government so it's as smart and dynamic as America itself . See you soon ,  Austin . It's the strongest nuclear deal ever negotiated . There's no such thing as a better deal. Walking away risks war . Before I start ,  wanted to share this . Liberia is now Ebola-free . Great example of what we can achieve when we lead . Addressing climate change takes all of us ,  especially the private sector going all-in on clean energy worldwide . Einstein was right !  Congrats to @NSF and @LIGO on detecting gravitational waves   a huge breakthrough in how we understand the universe . I challenged them to a race . It's time to change that . With the Clean Power Plan ,  by 2030 ,  carbon pollution from power plants will be 32% lower than it was a decade ago . It's been the honor of my life to serve you . You made me a better leader and a better man . Democracy is not a spectator sport . Don't give up your power to shape the future of the country we love . Vote  . respect the nyt ,  but not buying peas in guac . onions ,  garlic ,  hot peppers . classic . Thanks for the questions !  This was fun . I've got to run ,  but lets do it again soon . Tell me what you're doing to  #ActOnClimate . 100 years and going strong . Thanks @NatlParkService for your service ,  so our kids enjoy our parks as much as we have  . An honor to address the Coast Guard class of 2015. Confident they'll help us meet big challenges like climate change . To my 5th grade teacher Ms . Mabel Hefty and the educators who inspire our young people every single day Thank you . Heroes like @RepJohnLewis ,  Dr . King ,  and countless others sacrificed so that all of our voices could be heard . Today were returning Mount McKinley to its native name   Denali ,  a step to reflect the heritage of Alaska Natives . The 80 billion we spend each year on incarcerations could double the salary of every high school teacher in America . A ban on drilling in Arctic waters helps protect the planet we share . Proud to take this step with @JustinTrudeau &  . Happy Labor Day   longest streak of job growth ever ,  unemployment cut in half . That's what hardworking Americans can do . Let's keep going ! The National Park Service 99 years and 84 million acres strong . Congrats to all who work to protect these treasures . Yogi Berra was an American original   a Hall of Famer ,  jovial prophet ,  & a humble veteran . We'll miss you ,  Yogi ,  but your legacy ain't over . From one 44 to another ,  thanks for finally giving @FLOTUS and generations of hopeful fans a @Cubs championship . Great to see so many investors come together to work towards a clean energy future . It's a smart investment and it'  . The suits said it all  colorful ,  fun ,  a little outlandish . Thats what sports should be . Thanks ,  Craig Sager .  We'll all miss you . Congrats to the @Warriors ,  a great group of guys on and off the court . If somebody had to break the Bulls' record ,  I'm glad it's them . Happy  #InternationalWomensDay !  When women are free to pursue their dreams ,  nations are more safe ,  more secure ,  and more prosperous . America keeps more people behind bars than the top 35 European countries combined . The Old Soldiers Home in DC has cared for our nation's veterans for 165 years . I was honored to be a small part of  . We also win this fight with our values . America can ensure our own security while welcoming refugees desperately seeking safety from ISIL . Protecting the American people is my top priority . With our 65 global partners ,  we're leading the campaign to degrade and destroy ISIL . Nearly 100 years ago ,  women broke down barriers to the ballot box ,  moving us closer to a more equal nation . Let's finish what they started . people lack infoturned off by political noise . w court case done ,  let's focus on getting people signed up . What a team win for the Warriors and an epic season for Steph . Kudos to LeBron and the Cavs for an unbelievable effort under adversity . Couldn't be prouder of  #TeamUSA . Your determination and passion inspired so many of us . You carried that flag high tonight ,  @SimoneBiles ! This map says it all . Stay safe as it heats up Drink water ,  stay out of the sun ,  and check on your neighbors . Congrats SpaceX on landing a rocket at sea . It's because of innovators like you & NASA that America continues to lead in space exploration . We cannot accept our level of gun violence as the new normal . We must take action to prevent this from happening again & again .  #WearOrange . @DrFahmida tell your niece I really like her letter . Couldn't agree more ! When I took office ,  the budget deficit had reached 9.2% of our GDP . We've cut that down to 2.8%. Looking forward to hearing your ideas about what we can accomplish this year & beyond . I'll answer your questions on  #AskPOTUS at 1230p ET . Gotta go ,  but this was fun . Let's keep the health care conversation going   share how the  #ACAWorks for you or your family . Now this was fun . Artificial intelligence ,  space travelhope you enjoy exploring new frontiers as much as I did . Pluto just had its first visitor !  Thanks @NASA   it's a great day for discovery and American leadership . Welcome to the White House ,  @Pontifex !  Your messages of love ,  hope ,  and peace have inspired us all . To the girl from the South Side who took on a role she didn't ask for and made it her own Happy Birthday ,  Michelle  . What's often ignored in this debate is that a majority of gun owners agree with commonsense steps to save lives . More than 137 million Americans have guaranteed access to preventive care like cancer screenings and birth control at no out-of-pocket cost . Until next time ,  Justin . Good to know that Canada and the world will benefit from your leadership for years to come . 150 years since the abolition of slavery ,  a turning point in our history . Progress   that's our story . Hello ,  Twitter !  It's Barack . Really !  Six years in ,  they're finally giving me my own account . 44 men came home because Chuck Kettles believed that we leave no man behind . That's America at our best . We've fought back because of you . We shouldn't slip back because of Congress . I urge them to send me a budget that invests in our future . @ZCarlander more severe weather events lead to displacement ,  scarcity ,  stressed populations all increase likelihood of global conflict . Today ,  progress is on the ballot . Go vote   then make sure your friends ,  your family ,  and everyone you know votes too . Immigrants can now apply online to renew their green cards faster ,  and prep for the citizenship civics test online . Proud to designate the Belmont-Paul national monument for women's equality . Let's keep up their fight with  #EqualPay for women today . We could eliminate tuition at every public college and university in America with the 80 billion we spend each year on incarcerations . Just got a hurricane preparedness briefing in Miami . Acting on climate change is critical . Got climate Qs ?  I'll answer at 1pm ET .  #AskPOTUS . love em all ,  but as a bulls fan got to go with mj . in baton rouge ,  just met lsu freshman ben simmons   will be great  . Women can no longer be charged more for health coverage just for being women . In signing the Cures Act into law ,  we're one step closer to breakthroughs on the greatest health challenges of our  . Today ,  the US joined some 170 nations to sign the Paris Agreement   an historic step this Earth Day to protect the one planet we've got . Awarded two Medals of Honor today for acts of bravery a century ago . We honor our heroes no matter how long it takes . Alright ,  let's do this . Ready to answer your health care questions . Keep 'em coming with  #AskPOTUS . What a win by the USA in  #RyderCup . Proud to see our guys bring the trophy back home . Arnie is smiling down . Thanks ,  Zack . I'll say it Holy Cow ,  @Cubs fans . Even this White Sox fan was happy to see Wrigley rocking last night .  #FlyTheW . This Thanksgiving ,  we give thanks for our blessings ,  and work to fulfill the timeless responsibility we have as Americans to serve others . Thrilled to formally recognize @LorettaLynch as the people's lawyer . You'll have no better partner in the fight for equality and justice . 50 years ago today ,  President Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act into law ,  securing the right to vote for millions of African Americans . now's time to encourage states that held off for political reasons to do the right thing contact state officials !  Happy Back to the Future Day ,  @RealMikeFox !  Ever think about the fact that we live in the future we dreamed of then ?  That's heavy ,  man . Good luck Team USA  make us proud out there !   #OneNationOneTeam  . Proud to be the first American President to visit Kenya . Happy to see family ,  and to talk with young Kenyans about the future . Zaevion Dobson died saving three friends from getting shot . He was a hero at 15. What's our excuse for not acting ?  Who knew community policing could involve the Nae Nae ?  Great example of police having fun while keeping us safe  . Enjoyed stopping by Upshur Street Books today . Celebrate Small Business Saturday by supporting a business near you . For the loved ones we've lost and the ones we can still save ,  thank you Joe for putting us on the path to ending ca  . I loved Alaska and met so many inspiring people . Have to keep up the fight on climate change for their sakeand ours . Welcome back to Earth ,  @StationCDRKelly !  Your year in space is vital to the future of American space travel . Hope gravity isn't a drag ! One thing I've learned from my time abroad as President Young people will shape our future long after their leader  . Good question ,  @billclinton . The handle comes with the house . Know anyone interested in @FLOTUS ? butler's a great player on o and d let's sign him up long term . go bulls !  Happy 50th birthday ,  Medicare and Medicaid !  Two programs ,  one promise that every American deserves a basic measure of dignity and security . The gun lobby may be holding Congress hostage ,  but they can't hold America hostage . We can't accept this carnage in our communities . Amidst global volatility ,  Congress should protect the momentum of our growing economy  not kill it . We must avoid shutdown  austerity . Proud to help open @NMAAHC with so many heroes . African American history is a central part of our glorious American history . Congrats to Oregon on passing two years of free community college !  Every hardworking student deserves access to higher education . Happy birthday ,  Joe !  The best @VP and friend I could have had alongside me these past eight years . new power plant rule reduces biggest source of CO2 now we need to invest in clean energy tech ,  energy efficiency . Congratulations to one of my favorite poets ,  Bob Dylan ,  on a well-deserved Nobel . What a game and what a series for the @Cavs . Happy to see @KingJames bring it home for Cleveland ! Every American deserves quality ,  affordable health care . If you or a friend needs coverage ,  go to  . Felicitaciones ,  @JuanManSantos and Colombia . After decades of war ,  we stand with you in building a future of peace . I'm treating this last State of the Union just like my first   because I'm still just as hungry . I hope you tune in ,  because it's for you . @gkermmm 1 TPP is still being negotiated !  But legislation requires the full text for 60 days before I sign . Gandhiji believed in a world worthy of our children . In joining the Paris Agreement ,  @narendramodi & the Indian people carry on that legacy . Got a view yesterday of the lands we protected in CA . We owe it to our kids to preserve America's natural beauty . Today ,  we honor the incredible men and women who have served our country . Their sacrifice and selflessness is second to none . A hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay . That's why I'm announcing my plan to extend overtime protections . @NathenVieira jr smith having a great season but the heart of the Cavs is Lebron . And no one can outshoot Curry   maybe Korver if wide open . Guns now kill as many people as cars in almost half of the U.S . We can't stop every act of violence ,  but we can save lives if we act . The choice is ultimately between diplomacy and war . Iran's nuclear program accelerates if Congress kills this deal . A great example of how tech can make our democracy stronger . Thanks for answering the call to serve . Cool clock ,  Ahmed . Want to bring it to the White House ?  We should inspire more kids like you to like science . It's what makes America great . Congrats Carla Hayden ,  our newest Librarian of Congress !  Her confirmation is certainly one for the history books . E.L . Doctorow was one of America's greatest novelists . His books taught me much ,  and he will be missed . Longest streak of total job growth on record ,  wages rising at fastest pace in 7 years . We've come a long way ,  Americalet's keep it going . Glad the Senate finally passed the USA Freedom Act . It protects civil liberties and our national security . I'll sign it as soon as I get it . This was a fun briefing My science advisor just showed me this Hubble shot of the most crowded place in our galaxy . Today ,  we're announcing America's Clean Power Planthe most important step we've ever taken to combat climate change . Here are the facts . The science couldn't be clearer   we owe it to our kids to do everything we can to combat climate change . great   we need well-meaning folks from all stripes to get info on how we can respect 2A and reduce gun violence  . Important detail  there are no secret deals . My staff can brief you on any question about any part of the deal . Our thoughts are with the Mexican people as they brace for Hurricane Patricia . USAID disaster experts are on the ground and ready to help . we need to encourage states to take advantage of medicaid expansion could insure 4 mil more people in 22 states !  We're also increasing the number of Syrian and other refugees we admit to the U.S . to 100,000 per year for the next two years . I'm grateful for the teachers who helped spark my sense of curiosity . The  #62MillionGirls who aren't in school should have that same chance . Good to be home for a night . Even better to see the @chicagobulls start the season off right !   #SeeRed . Launching a pilot program to help students in prison pay for college ,  because everyone willing to work for it deserves a second chance . Clearly ,  we still have more to do to prevent sexual assault and the thinking that leads to it . That starts with us  . It doesn't get much better than celebrating America with the people you love . Happy Fourth of July ,  everyone ! That is out of this world . Thanks ,  @NASA . Sabaidii ,  Laos !  Honored to be the first U.S . president to visit Laos and to begin a new partnership between our countries . Next month ,  I'll travel to Cuba to advance our progress and efforts that can improve the lives of the Cuban people . Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there . Glad to be spending this one with my family in Yosemite . the night aca passed standing on truman balcony with all staff whod made it happen ,  knowing we'd helped millions . Proud to nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court . I ask Senators to meet their constitutional duty and give him a fair hearing . @arianastover Kids instinctively understand importance of environment ,  impact on animals ,  health . Weave it into science and social studies . So I'm eager to hear from folks in Charleston today on actions we can take to put recovery within reach for anyone who needs it . From realizing marriage equality to removing barriers to opportunity ,  we've made history in our work to reaffirm that all are created equal . About time ,  Denis !  Welcome . Let me know if you need any pointers . Ready to root on  #TeamUSA !  Our team's unity and diversity makes us so proud   and reminds the world why America sets the gold standard . Here ,  our focus is giving safe haven to the most vulnerable Syrians  women ,  children ,  and survivors of torture . Happy Fourth of July ,  everybody !  And to our brave men and women in uniform On this day and every day ,  we thank you . This is an American hero Capt . Groberg put it all on the line for his team . On his worst day ,  he gave us his best . Tomorrow ,  I'm taking action to reduce gun violence and save lives   protecting the Second Amendment and our kids . In honor of their legacy ,  @FLOTUS and I are joining Americans across the country in a day of service to our community here in D.C .  #MLKDay . But this isn't just about what I can do as President . Every single one of us   from citizens to NGOs   can help refugees find safe haven . He shook up the world ,  and the world's better for it . Rest in peace ,  Champ . On International  #DayoftheGirl ,  we remain committed to providing what we all want for our daughters a future of limitless possibility . So proud of you ,  Scott . How long is the delay up there ?  See you when you get back !   Our flag flies over our Embassy in Havana once again . More Americans are traveling to Cuba than at any time in the last 50 years . American automakers have added more than 640,000 jobs since mid 2009  the strongest job growth on record . America is home to 5% of the world's population ,  but 25% of the world's prisoners . Couldn't be more proud of @HillaryClinton . Her vision and command during last night's debate showed that she's ready to be our next @POTUS . Good conversation with Tom Friedman on the deal we reached with Iran . It's a major step toward a safer world .  Isiah ,  I'm so proud of you . Your kindness and willingness to help others is why I'm so hopeful for our future . Just spoke to the NAACP about criminal justice reform ,  something many broadly agree on . Some stats . places to start   @GabbyGiffords's  . Mass incarceration doesn't work . Let's build communities that give kids a shot at success and prisons that prepare people for a 2nd chance . Good point ,  Mitt .  . Thank you to every nation that moved to bring the Paris Agreement into force . History will judge today as a turning point for our planet . Spent the morning at Arlington . Take time today to honor our fallen heroes . We're forever indebted to their families . Thank you ,  Colin ,  for putting your experience and expertise behind this important initiative for our country . Ready to answer your questions on climate change . Let's do this !   #AskPOTUS  . Seven years ago I bet on American workers and the American auto industry . Id make that bet again any day of the week . Today's decision is a victory for every hardworking American . Access to quality ,  affordable health care is a right ,  not a privilege . Today is a big step in our march toward equality . Gay and lesbian couples now have the right to marry ,  just like anyone else .  #LoveWins . Here are the stats Per population ,  we kill each other with guns at a rate 297x more than Japan ,  49x more than France ,  33x more than Israel . Bienvenido ,  amigo !  We value our enduring partnership with Mexico & will work to strengthen it in the years to come . I got a chance to catch up with the @SpaceStation crew today . Nothing like a call to space on  #AstronomyNight !  Just got this new blue marble photo from @NASA . A beautiful reminder that we need to protect the only planet we have . Its been the privilege of my life to serve as your President . I look forward to standing with you as a citizen . Happy New Year everybody . Herzlichen Glckwunsch to my friend and Time's Person of the Year ,  Angela Merkel !  Thanks for your moral leadership and strong partnership . have principles and issues you are passionate about ,  and act worry more about doing something than being something . Elie Wiesel was a great moral voice of our time and a conscience for our world . He was also a dear friend . We will miss him deeply . We traded foreign oil for clean energy ,  we doubled fuel efficiency standards ,  & we acted on a global scale to save  . President Carter is as good a man as they come . Michelle and I are praying for him and Rosalynn . We're all pulling for you ,  Jimmy . Thanks to this plan ,  there will be 90,000 fewer asthma attacks among our kids and we'll avoid 3,600 premature deaths in 2030.@calebmegajew the science is overwhelming but what will move Congress will be public opinion . Your voices will make them open to facts . From my family to yours ,  Happy Easter ,  and we wish everyone celebrating a blessed and joyful day . Heading to West Virginia today to talk about the epidemic of prescription drug abuse in America and what we can do to help . The facts . pushing to make 2 yrs comm college free permit refinancing on student loans push colleges to keep tuition low  . Seniors can now apply for Social Security benefits online  . As we look forward ,  I want our first steps to reflect what matters most to you . Share your thoughts with me at  . @FAFSA might be hard to say ,  but filling it out can help you pay for college . FLOTUS ,  you're up !   #5TimesFAFSA  . Incredible speech by an incredible woman . Couldn't be more proud & our country has been blessed to have her as FLOTUS . I love you ,  Michelle . The struggle for the Voting Rights Act taught us that people who love this country can change it . Don't give away your power   go vote . @rebsteve really enjoyed stopping by today . I had fun singing Shabbat Shalom with the PreK class downstairs ,  too !  Just like Michelle says ,  when they go low ,  we go high . @HillaryClinton went high and showed why she'll be a POTUS for all Americans . Tonight ,  the first-ever  #TeamRefugees will also stand before the world and prove that you can succeed no matter where you're from . @BigBennyFL 1 We've shut off drilling in the most sensitive arctic areas ,  including Bristol Bay . @.gkermmm 2 after I sign agreement ,  Congress will have months of debate before a vote . Nothing secret about it . 14 years after the terrorist attacks of 911 ,  we honor those we lost . We salute all who serve to keep us safe . We stand as strong as ever . What a win for Team USA !  Great game @CarliLloyd !  Your country is so proud of all of you . Come visit the White House with the World Cup soon . Just got off the phone with Coach Kubiak . Congrats to Peyton ,  Von Miller ,  and that monster @Broncos defense   see you at the White House ! Cedrick way to go on your perfect score !  How about you come by the next White House Science Fair ?  EX-IM bank helps US companies export that means good paying american jobs . optimistic that congress gets it done . Nearly 1 in 3 American families struggle to afford diapers . We're working with the private sector to help fix this . Right now ,  power plants account for about one-third of Americas carbon pollution . Thats more than our cars ,  airplanes ,  and homes combined . @BigBennyFL 3 already rejected Shell's original proposal as inadequate which shows we're serious . Thank you ,  Adrianne ,  for being Boston Strong . Terror and bombs can't beat us . We carry on . We finish the race !  