With the No . 1 overall pick now officially clinched ,  the Tennessee Titans are on the clock . Since 2000 ,  including postseason ,  Bill Belichick had gone for it 16 times on fourth down against the Colts   and converted 12  75 percent .Broncos announced Derek Wolfe is alert and recovering in a Denver hospital after experiencing seizure like symptoms on Friday . Deflategate heavy snow ,  high winds caused Redskins practice bubble to collapse will be reinflated when snow's removed ,  conditions improved . Jeff Fisher said Vince Young will need season ending surgery on torn tendon on his thumb and Chris Simms will be brought in . Redskins making another change at kicker Washington is signing former Ravens kicker Billy Cundiff . From Baltimore to Washington . Interesting debate On Sportscenter ,  Cris Carter said Terrell Owens is definitely not in the top 10 WRs in NFL history . Who are top 10 ? Falcons RB Devonta Freeman is unlikely to play next Monday night at Seattle against Seahawks after suffering his se  . All ready for the open of tonight's Steelers 49ers game  ?  Here it now ,  a sneak peak  . Dolphins released CB Dimitri Patterson ,  per source . Cowboys added RB Darren McFadden to injury report with a groin injury that limited him at practice today . So how much abuse is Keyshawn Johnson going to give Cris Carter today about what happened in Columbus last night . Just wondering . Browns reached agreement with K Billy Cundiff . Friday 10 Spot on Saturday Matt Ryan makes run at MVP ,  Redskins' remarkable streak ,  more. Tennessee has requested and received permission for GM interviews with KC's Chris Ballard and Tampa Bay's Jon Robinson ,  per league source . Julian Edelman suffered a significant foot injury but time loss is undetermined. Another source believed Edelman could return this year . Buzzkill . RT @espnnfl On eve of 2010 NFL season ,  NFLPA leader DeMaurice Smith still feels lockout likely in 2011  . 49ers named Mike Solari offensive line coach . Solari replaces Chris Foerster ,  who was hired by the Washington Redskins . Panthers RB @DeAngeloRB has dyed his hair pink in honor of his mom ,  Sandra Hill ,  who lost breast cancer battle in May  . Better yet . RT @KHCroce I prefer McNabboRamma . League wide expectation is that WR Mike Wallace winds up in Miami with the Dolphins . If I'm the Seattle Seahawks or Green Bay Packers ,  I'm willing to sign TE Jimmy Graham to an offer sheet and to give up two 1's to get him . Cardinals RB Andre Ellington  toe  ,  listed as questionable for tonights game ,  will not play vs . Eagles ,  per source . Could be back next week . RT @richarddeitsch Terrific work by @RichCimini ,  who gets Jets QB Erik Ainge to open up on his drug addiction battle  . RT @espn Source Zygi Wilf considered firing Brad Childress over Randy Moss move    . Broncos use a 7th round pick on a punter ... Syracuse's Riley Dixon . This might make Aaron Schobel even more enticing . RT @espnafcsouth Mario Williams off for second opinion    . Not often that a team gets an interim general manager ,  but Seattle appointed Ruston Webster its interim GM . And Webster is worthy . Two of Bill Parcells' former teams ,  the Cowboys and Dolphins ,  will play the Hall of Fame game Sunday ,  Aug . 3.Vikings would place him on reserveretired list and control his rights as long as they wanted . Colts new QB Drew Willy played at U of Buffalo ,  spent time in Ravens camp last summer ,  and signed with Colts practice squad this month . Former Chiefs first round pick ,  DE Tyson Jackson ,  is expected to visit the Falcons tonight ,  per sources . Bucs traded RB LeGarrette Blount to Patriots for RB Jeff Demps and a 7th round pick ,  as @tomecurran reported . NFL actively looking into circumstances surrounding Aqib Talib being shot this weekend ,  per an NFL official ...  Friday 10 Spot The men under the most pressure in the NFL ...  Chargers placed CB Jason Verrett and WR Mike Williams on PUP  . NFL charged 7,000 fans 28.50 to attend today's media day  up from 25 last year . That's a cool 199,500 in NFL pockets . CFL issues statement on Johnny Manziel ...  Bears give former Saints OT Jermon Bushrod a five year deal ,  as well . There was a trade today  !  Kansas City traded former third round pick ,  defensive end Alex Magee ,  to Tampa Bay for draft conditions . Eric Mangini on Browns QB situation Colt McCoy will take the first reps and we will see where Seneca is tomorrow and Friday.Between today's two pressers ,  Gillette Flexball is getting great brand exposure ... #FlexBall . Duane Brown got to play in Seattle on Sunday . Now he goes back to Seattle ,  traded there from Houston . Given where he was 6 months ago and where she was a few years ago ,  who relished last night more Victor Cruz or ...  Vikings' WR Stefon Diggs ,  listed as questionable with a knee injury ,  is likely to play tonight vs Dallas ,  per source . Trent Richardson told @MikeWellsNFL I'm dealing with a very serious family emergency . I'm still at the ...  Stealing the fine idea of @TCMINB  ... Before all my drives today ,  I'm going to call Onterrio Smith and borrow his Wizzinator . After tonight's MNF game ,  20 teams will sport 1 1 records ,  the most teams that split their first two games in league history ,  per Elias . Even after trading for Mark Sanchez ,  Broncos plan to bring in another QB to compete for starting job . Denver not done at QB yet . Raiders have signed first round draft pick DJ Hayden . RT @DespicableE are the Packers in talks with the Bills about Marshawn Lynch  ?   ...  Not to my knowledge ,  but it would make sense . Odds and ends Colts worked out former Steelers RB Chris Rainey and Lions signed former Texans TE Dorin Dickerson . Falcons' rookie S Keanu Neal thought his knee injury was minor and it is . But still needs surgery ,  out 3 4 weeks . Congrats to Mort  dang Foster and Hillis . RT @tunasweasel Teacher topped pupil in nail biter . @mortreport vs Trent Dilfer in final . It means nothing but is interesting Nick Fairley and JaMarcus Russell grew up about one block apart in Mobile ,  Ala. ,  and were HS teammates . Asante Samuel and Winston Justice ruled out for Sunday's game at Dallas . Both players will not make the trip to Dallas . RT @dkennedy1983 Do you see the Titans making anymore roster additions like another WR  ?   ...  Could be . They were targeting Lee Evans . Blue  !  Bills officially announced deals for FB Patrick DiMarco ,  G Vladimir Ducasse ,  K Stephen Hauschka ,  S Micah Hyde and S Jordan Poyer . RT @hedlund95 Anymore word on vikes D coordinator search  ?   ...  Leader in clubhouse is Raheem Morris . Former Raiders WR Denarius Moore is signing a one year deal with Bengals ,  per source . Reunited with Bengals OC Hue Jackson . Johnny Manziel's dad ,  Paul ,  told Dallas Morning News ,  I truly believe if they can't get him help ,  he won't live to see his 24th birthday.Redskins announced general admission ticket prices for 2010 season will be unchanged ,  remaining at same price for fifth season in a row . Steelers and Vikings are loyal teams . They have trained in their camps for 43 straight summers now  Steelers in Latrobe ,  Vikings in Mankato . On third down ,  where Dallas won the game ,  Tony Romo was nine of 11 for 140 yards ,  one touchdown and that quarterback rating of 149.1.Was that the most dramatic day in Boston sports history  ?  Also true ...  RT @SaleemTheDream @AdamSchefter . Incorrect .  Being ridiculously  talented pays . Saints coach Sean Payton said RB Reggie Bush did some running today ,  however he did not practice . No new CBA gets done today or tomorrow . Hope is two sides lay a foundation to get deal done later this month . But talking is encouraging . Jason Campbell's deal in Washington will pay him 3.14 million this season and 4.5 million in 2011. #nfldraft . Rams tweeted that QB Sam Bradford won the AP Offensive Rookie of the Year . Bills officials said Friday there would not be in season coaching changes . So Ralph Wilson clearly made up his mind here ,  as owners do . Falcons reached agreement with LB Stephen Nicholas on a five year deal . A worthwhile report ,  and read ,  on police and drug arrests  . And in other non Kaep QB news Browns cut QB Charlie Whitehurst and elevated QB Kevin Hogan from practice squad to active roster . What a man ,  what a life ,  and what a loss ...  RT @SIPeterKing A few thoughts on Sabol's Football Life  . Help @WEEI #KCancer in the @JimmyFund Radio Telethon . Listen at  . Eagles announced they named Ed Marynowitz vice president of player personnel . Cleveland Browns Thursday named Mike Pettine as the 15th full time head coach in franchise history ,  team announced . RT @fmr5998 4.58 for Ryan Tannehill at Pro Day .  ...  So I've heard . A lock as a Top 10 pick . Might be even higher . Dolphins today traded offensive linemen Andy Alleman and Ikechuku Ndukwe to the Kansas City Chiefs in exchange for an undisclosed 2010 d  ... Thanks for suppo@ABetterPlay . Corrected top 6 NFC playoff seeds now 1. Packers 2. 49ers 3. Saints 4. Cowboys 5. Bears 6. Falcons . It would be interesting to know what Jets CB Darrelle Revis ,  C Nick Mangold and LB David Harris are thinking right about now .  . Ravens made it official and announced Joe Flacco is in concussion protocol . Congratulations to Tedy Bruschi ,  Jeff Fisher ,  Chad Lewis and the Wounded Warrior Group for reaching 19,000 foot summit of Mount Kilimanjaro . Take heart ,  @JonesDrew32. Steelers WR Mike Wallace is back practicing with Pittsburgh's starters . Cam Newton is the next Peyton Manning  as an endorser ...  Former Bills G Andy Levitre has reached agreement in principle with the Titans on 5 year ,  39 million deal . More hCG it is in seminal fluid and slightly elevated levels can be discovered in the event that a test occurs soon after ejaculation . insight . Players traded for 5ths L . Washington ,  S . Holmes ,  T . Ginn ,  Q . Groves ,  K . Morrison ,  Rob Sims ,  Adam Carriker ,  Corey Williams . #nfldraft . Dolphins waived veteran TE David Martin . QB Sam Bradford has a bruised right index finger but Rams expect him to play Monday night versus NY Giants . Know what its like to get a lot of attention what happens when spotlight fades  ?  Rams now weighing multiple offers for pick No . 33 but also might hold tight to take a WR for Sam Bradford . #nfldraft . Seattle did not tender tackle Brandon Frye or linebacker Lance Laury   each free to sing elsewhere . Rookie symposium back ,  in very different form NFLPA announced it will hold its rookie symposium June 28 and 29 in Washington ,  DC . More mind games from the Jets . RT @tunasweasel Jets in white ,  Rex in black . Smart on both . Buccaneers announced they have claimed former Browns punter Spencer Lanning off of waivers . Stat of the day . RT @drewells Brady has thrown as many INTs in this game as he did in the entire 2010 season . Former Eagles G Evan Mathis scheduled to visit Seahawks on Saturday ,  but uncertain if he will go ,  per source . Has interest from other teams . RT @PERCYHARVIN Just another week to me ...  I just wanna play football . Redskins WR DeSean Jackson officially active . Bills signed third round draft selection ,  Arkansas State DE Alex Carrington ,  to a four year contract . All 4 player suspensions will be appealed ,  per source who said ,  Get ready for a massive multiple legal battle over this on several fronts.Seymour turns 30 later this season . New England gets back a first rounder that could turn out to be a high first . Wow . When Larry Johnson left Penn State ,  the one team he wanted to most play for was the Steelers . If he clears waivers ,  he'd love Pittsburgh . Joel Segal was elevated to President of Team Sports for @LSportsus . Full releaseLagardre Sports today ...  13 stories of folks beyond players who are affected by lockout . A few players in here too . A different Hard Knocks RT @adbrandt Dez Bryant's 2010 salary is 320,000. Spent 17% of it   55,000   for dinner the other night . Redskins placed QB Colt McCoy on IR . Browns placed LB Scott Fujita on IR and signed defensive lineman Brian Sanford to the active roster . Check out the take on McNair from ace reporter @ArmenKeteyian ... if Armen is leery ,  I'm leery . Season ticket prices for Denver Broncos home games in 2010 will not be raised for the second consecutive year . In an E60 interview ,  Titans RB Chris Johnson told @MrMichaelSmith he wants 30 40 million guaranteed . More tonight on NFL Live @ 1230 am . Notre Dame's coach  for now  Charlie Weis telling people that NFL teams already have contacted him regarding offensive coordinator jobs . Jets have signed LB Bryan Thomas and WR Patrick Turner and waived DT Marcus Dixon ,  DB Donnie Fletcher and T Dennis Landolt . Bills QB Tyrod Taylor inactive rookie Nathan Peterman starts vs Colts.Lions QB Matthew Stafford active and starting vs . Bucs . Abe Lincoln once ordered last Thursday of November to be Thanksgiving . @jimcramer says last Saturday of October should be Halloweeen . Agree . Packers free agent OT Chad Clifton is scheduled to visit Washington on Friday   could be a tough day for Green Bay . Former Eagles QB Chase Daniel will visit Jets today ,  per source . Bad news for the Cowboys Saints are one win ,  and one Vikings loss ,  away from clinching homefield advantage . Washington now controls NFC East . RT @espnnfl Ryan Mallett latest QB prospect to visit New England Patriots  . Vikings TE Visanthe Shiancoe is active and expected to start tonight . RT @RecruiterStacy JOB ESPN Video ResearcherArchivist 1 year job develop archival system ,  research ,  locate video  . Cowboys and Dez Bryant still have some minor points to work out . But if it's down to that ,  how does this not get done  ?  Sense is it will . OCNN vs . ESPN With all due respect to @OGOchocinco ,  who said he'd be stunned if TO didn't wind up in Cincy ,  I'd be stunned if he did . Titans agreed to a one year deal with former Rams WR Donnie Avery . Former Clemson OT Isaiah Battle goes in 5th round of NFL Supplemental draft to ... St . Louis Rams . Jaguars activated CB Aaron Colvin and waived veteran CB Dwayne Gratz . Bears gave OT Jermon Bushrod a 5 year ,  36 million deal ,  including 17.7 million guaranteed . New England loses a WR for the season ...  Two people reported that Raiders QB JaMarcus Russell returned to Oakland and tipped the scales at 290 pounds . At least he was under 3 bills . As a guy who had torn meniscus surgery 5 days ago ,  will be BLOWN AWAY if Adrian Peterson plays Sunday . But he ,  unlike me ,  is a medical freak . The anti Luck decision for a top pick . RT @schadjoe Georgia WR A.J . Green officialy declares for the NFL draft . WR DeSean Jackson issued this statement regarding cleats he is wearing during warmup today. Statement from WR ...  49ers won Sunday   sort of . Seahawks loss to Redskins means that the 49ers can clinch NFC West with a win against Rams in Week 13.RT @DangeRussWilson Welcome big man @cliffavril I luckily don't have to get chased around by you anymore  !  #ChampionshipOffSeason#GOHAWKS . Rams traded DE Will Hayes to Dolphins for a swap of late round draft picks . Hayes will be searching for mermaids in Miami . Lions announced today that they have hired Brian Xanders as Senior Personnel Executive . Matt Birk said this week he wouldn't be surprised if Adrian Peterson became first back in NFL history to rush for 3,000 yds in a season . Once again ,  time for the weekly NFL Power Rankings1. Steelers 6 2  Potential AFC Championship game preview Sunda ...  NFL playoff picture Whos in ,  whos out . This had been in the works Sunday night ,  but the football world spared us RT @jkubbs guess that trade was a day late lol . Last time there was this much anticipation over a story it wasn't for The King it was for The Prince ,  the arrival of The Royal Baby . Jaguars working out Cardinals free agent RB Beanie Wells today . Redskins re signed Chris Baker to a 3 yr deal worth 12 million ,  including 4 mil gtd as reported by his agents Tony Paige and Chitta Mallik . RT @markschlereth Favre really done or is he the boy who cried wolf  ?  I think he done this time for real  !  The view at the #BNN @Brutworld event in New York City . Also Packers TE Richard Rodgers birthday today he turns 25.Peyton Manning is willing to create a contract that would contain no guaranteed money up front and would be incentive laden with bonuses . RT @espn Dallas Cowboys add reality show winner Jesse Holley to 53 man roster    . Cleveland ... championship . 49ers signed former Vikings QB Christian Ponder to a one year deal . Geno Smith has thrown 258 straight passes without an INT ,  needs 68 more to break Trent Dilfers NCAA record for most consec passes wo INT . Chiefs also bringing in former Saints RB Pierre Thomas for a workout ,  per source . Bills announced that WR Marcus Easley  illness  and NT Torell Troup  lower back  did not travel with the team to Kansas City . Whew   Sundays Broncos Bengals game at Paul Brown Stadium will not be blacked out and will air live in Cincinnati . Chiefs WR Jeremy Maclin is expected to play Sunday vs . Jacksonville despite being listed as questionable  groin  ,  per source . Best All Stars in NYC tonight are at Rockefeller Center ... Both Bucs WRs listed as questionable ,  Vincent Jackson  ribs  and Mike Evans  groin  ,  are expected to play today vs . Baltimore ,  per source . RT @WAD1980 Laurence Maroney for Antonio Cromartie  ?   ...  Everyone has proposals . Think in reverse and if your team would do these trades . NFL and NFLPA allowing Rams to hold players only meeting next Friday for team to debrief players on logistics of Los Angeles move . Although an email told players that reps would meet Monday ,  NFLPA sources say no meeting is planned and talks will continue through weekend . Jets are planning on putting WR Eric Decker on IR ,  per @FieldYates and me . Broncos announced former HC Red Miller passed away Wednesday morning at the age of 89.NFL has pushed back deadline to sign franchise players to Mon . July 17 from Sat . July 15 ,  per league memo . Friday 10 Spot on Saturday Forget rookie QBs rookie Ks   Justin Tucker ,  Blair Walsh ,  Greg Zuerlein   succeeding in N  . Bills gave game ball to DB coach Donnie Henderson ,  whose unit was without its top 4 DBs yet still intercepted Joe Flacco 5 times.#BillsMafia . A guality Sunday read RT @PostBroncos Broncos News Krieger Broncos' Brandon Marshall much deeper than any caricature  . Colts said Duron Carter's Friday might be the best day weve seen from a Colts player after a week in Anderson. Caught 4 TD passes today . Former Jets QB Tim Tebow went unclaimed on waivers . Please send C'mon ,  man !  suggestions to @Tunasweasel . Looking for plays ,  not rips of coaches and teams . Thanks  !  Just as likely as three team trade on Denver radio RT @mikesullivan13 @AdamSchefter can u confirm  ?  On buffalo radio possible 32 way deal .. Bengals activated LB Vontaze Burfict to the roster from PUP list and released WR Greg Little . Odell Beckham Jr.'s one game suspension stands . Suspension upheld . Giants will not have OBJ vs . Vikings . Broncos HC John Fox said X rays on TE Julius Thomas' ankle were negative . Broncos' bye week next . An advantage that bodes well for Oakland Raiders are now 3 0 in AFC West games . Texans are sticking with Tom Savage as their starting QB . Chargers' QB Philip Rivers battling flu bug . But as one Chargers official said today Will take more than this to knock him out of a game.Steelers activated TE Ladarius Green off PUP list . Nope RT @Sunnysf @AdamSchefter do the niners get any compensation if crabtree doesn't sign and re enters the draft next year  ?  What's in a name  ?  Plenty . RT @espn Baltimore Orioles OF Adam Jones detained for hours entering Canada    . Here's a valid question RT @tobitz Wonder if McNabb mentioned there was no way in hell he'd ever sign an extension for Buffalo or Oakland . Dallas gave DE Greg Hardy a one year ,  11.3 million deal that could be worth up to 13.116 million . Speaking with students in the @harvardsports Analysis Collective . These men can win games with their minds . What a collection of young men . RIP ...  RT @APNFL Ben Davidson ,  the giant Oakland Raiders star and Miller Lite pitchman ,  dead at 72  . Browns are waiving Terrelle Pryor ,  per source . 49ers QB Jimmy Garoppolo not expected to start Sunday vs Arizona Cardinals ,  per source . CJ Beathard is expected starter ,  for now . Patriots officially placed LB Jerod Mayo on injured reserve . Michael Vick said he wants to go into coaching ... and he is working this summer as a coaching intern for the Chiefs and HC Andy Reid . Malcolm Jenkins says Eagles plan to protest during National Anthem on MNF . Ravens agreed to a two year deal with former Cowboy Marcus Spears . Chiefs denied permission to Redskins to interview Gary Gibbs for their DC job ,  per source . Interesting and telling that Steelers chairman Dan Rooney is opposed to an 18 game season . Rooney told reporters ,  We play enough games.Some welcome football talk ESPN's weekly offseason position power rankings on ESPN.com . This week top 10 WRs  . Vikings officially activated RB Adrian Peterson . He's going Sunday vs Colts . Team to watch tonight SF ,  which is scheduled to have five picks ,  two in round 2 and three in round 3.And now Patriots have reached agreement on a three year deal with former Panthers WR Brandon LaFell ,  per source . NFL rejected Browns request to overturn AJ McCarron trade . Even though Browns notification of trade arrived moments too late ,  NFL said no . Bears announced they reached agreement with Joe DeCamillis today ,  making him their assistant head coachspecial teams coordinator . Nice comeback story Texans coach Gary Kubiak said TE Owen Daniels will start Sunday's game versus Indianapolis . And so it's Seattle at Carolina on Sunday.Green Bay Washington winner plays Saturday night in Arizona . My bad ... Listen in at 3.25 p.m . eastern . Randy Gregory has locker at Cowboys new facility ,  Rolando McClain does not ...  49ers have placed FB Bruce Miller on IR and announced they have signed FB Will Tukuafu to a two year deal . Redskins draft FSU RB Chris Thompson in round 5. Redskins RB coach Bobby Turner never picks a back this high without loving him . Fair enough to call the controversy swirling around Professor Henry Louis Gates GatesGate ? Yes ,  7 pm eastern tonight ,  ESPN ,  Football Insiders Show . Should be fun . RT @KouroshSafavi @AdamSchefter is that 7pm est  ?  NFL rejected NFLPA Motion that Roger recuse himself from appeal ,  per source . Happy holiday everyone  !  For their Monday night unnecessary roughness ,  Albert Haynesworth was fined 10,000 and Brandon Jacobs 7,500.RT @RossTuckerNFL QB injury news ,  Alosi opinion ,  & picks w @AdamSchefter on today's ESPN Football Today podcast  . Confirmed   Rams aware of this . RT @jthom1 Stan Kroenke will attempt to buy all 100 percent of rams  !  Football now a secondary issue in south part of Buffalo . People concerned about getting food ,  collapsing roofs ,  life threatening issues . Expectation now is all Texans ,  including Hopkins ,  will be with team Saturday ,  when it is scheduled to leave for Seattle . But well see . Jaguars now will have Michael Bennett announce one of team's sixth round picks today ,  so not a wasted trip . Dolphins officially have fired Joe Philbin ,  as Sun Sentinel reported . Anyone waiting for Michael Crabtree to sign with San Francisco could be waiting a long time . A real long time . Young adults often ask advice on getting a job . Here's great advice from Google VP Laszlo Bock via Thomas ...  Cowboys DE DeMarcus Ware is currently meeting with the team . His future is in the balance ... Cardinals gave 1 year extensions to Carson Palmer and Larry Fitzgerald ,  tying QB to AZ through 2018 and WR through 2017 ,  sources tell ESPN . Former Broncos K Matt Prater is signing a one year deal with the Detroit Lions ,  per source . All these years ,  I thought former Jets coach Joe Walton stupidly had Klecko out there . As Klecko told me ,  I was the stupid one.For anyone who missed it ,  or wants to save it Brett Favre's HOF speech ,  as raw and real as the man himself.From me and @FieldYates Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski underwent surgery last week for an infection in same forearm he re broke against Houston . Bennett I've been blessed to have the opp to play in NFL for as long as I have but it's time for me to move on to next chapter in my life . Vikings WR Sidney Rice's agent Drew Rosenhaus still expects his client to be activated by next Wednesday and to play this season . Talked about it on SC yesterday and it became obvious last night Matt Leinart's starting QB job in Arizona is in jeopardy . Help @sj39 win a Webby Award for his superb series ,  A Week in the Life. Go to  . Giants are signing former Bengals CB Leon Hall ,  as @RandGetlin reported . Jets TE Dustin Keller is unlikely to play today due to his hamstring injury . Doctors expect Packers WR Greg Jennings to be sidelined about three weeks after he undergoes abdominal surgery Tuesday . RT @darrenrovell Tim Tebow's manager @AngelXV Tebow's book Through My Eyes will debut at No . 6 on NYT's Non Fiction bestseller list . Bucs think TE Kellen Winslow will play but don't know for sure . They leave for stadium in 30 minutes and will update later . 49ers confirmed Aldon Smith stabbed last night ,  suffering minor injuries . Quite the off season for him . Dangerous time of year for players . Jameis Winston visiting Buccaneers today might be unprecedented . Potential No . 1 picks don't visit teams with No . 1 pick this early . Ever . Richard Seymour's 2 yr deal with Raiders will make him highest paid defensive player in NFL ,  surpassing Julius Peppers' 14 mil per yr avg . RT @TheKardiacKid Stick to NFL ,  idiot .  ...  When I asked Magic where LeBron was signing ,  he predicted to me NY . Guess he's an idiot ,  too . Week 7 proved that a 25 yard field goal is not a gimme . Who on the Countdown crew can make a 25 yard FG  ?   Find out in 10 minutes on ESPN ... Some early inactives Panthers OT Jeff Otah ,  Rams WR Mike Sims Walker ,  Giants RB Brandon Jacobs and DE Justin Tuck . WR Joey Galloway and Redskins GM Bruce Allen worked together in Tampa ,  and now will try it again in Washington . RT @MaryKayCabot Mike Holmgren said Tom Heckert had heart surgery to clear blockage ,  is recovering well . Hardly a surprise but Eagles QB Michael Vick will not play Sunday and Nick Foles will start . RT @AshburnSprts So what you're saying is Dan Connolly ,  you are RIDICULOUS ? Josh McDaniels will be a great HC . A text from him Best practice of the year . We just keep getting better . Nothing distracting that ! Broncos CB Aqib Talib is one lucky man . Bullet entered and exited his leg . Hit no arteries ,  tore no ligaments ...  Redskins tight end Chris Cooley will undergo surgery this week and be sidelined the remainder of the season . RIP RT @BernieGernay Former Patriots RB John Stephens killed in car accident . Very sad  . This would be the second biggest win in Jets franchise history ,  right behind The Guarantee . Love watching Draymond play ,  but have hunch this will cost him one game  via AP   . Jacksonville Jaguars will host the San Francisco 49ers at Londons historic Wembley Stadium on Sunday ,  October 27 ,  2013.This is the week when we'll start to hear more and more NFL draft picks signing . With camp coming ,  so do the deals . NFL looking to hire officials from anywhere but BCS Elite retired college officials ,  ones from small college conferences ,  even Arena ball . Two OL down Bucs placed Ali Marpet and Demar Dotson on IR . Inactives today include Stefon Diggs ,  Arian Foster ,  Laremy Tunsil ,  Branden Albert.Active Eddie Royal ,  Quincy Enunwa ,  Julian Edelman . An independent urinalysis from WR Mike Williams came back today showing zero illegal substances ,  according to Buccaneers GM Mark Dominik . Just arrived in the mail ,  and know what I'll be reading the next 19 days ...  After Joe Thomas' 1.5 million Pro Bowl incentive ,  Bears DE Julius Peppers has the next biggest Pro Bowl bonus   200,000.RT @nicknevada1972 Rams will move to 4 to get WR .  ...  That would be an upset . Don't see it . RT @Cl1maxx They're making a big mistake if they stick Sanchez ,  guy has over 50 starts ,  he is who he is .  ...  Some said the same about Eli . For now ,  it looks like no suspension for Raiders DL Richard Seymour for hitting Ben Roethlisberger ,  but he was fined 25,000.Giants are signing DE George Selvie ,  per source . Unfortunately ,  not likely . RT @Texasbound3 @AdamSchefter With Tinoisamoa done for the year ,  chances the Bears sign Derrick Brooks now  ?  Bengals ,  Broncos ,  Patriots ,  Packers ,  Panthers all unbeaten Five undefeated teams entering Week 7 will be the most since 1970 Merger . Ben Simmons will not play this season . Bummer . Someone as experienced as Tim should not be dismissed RT @TimCowlishaw yeah I don't know the difference between mangold and revis . Please . Sweet . RT @Eustus Picked up new @AdamSchefter book at B&N . Great idea to arrange excerpts of NFL HOF speeches around various subjects . SI's cover article this week made former Ohio St HC Jim Tressel sound like Warden Samuel Norton from Shawshank Redemption . Something not right with at least one of Indy's QBs Colts re signed QB Josh Johnson today and placed CB Jalil Brown on IR . Eagles very close to contract extension with head coach Andy Reid that could be finalized and announced this week . Bucs CB Alterraun Verner plans to play Sunday vs Seattle ,  but he is mourning loss of his father ,  Robert Lee Verner ,  who passed away Friday . A snowstorm might have helped the Lions sign former Seahawks WR Golden Tate ...  Ravens gave Jason Babin a one year deal . So Terrell Suggs' injury turns into Babin's opportunity . Kevin Kolb is not expected to play Sunday against the Eagles due to his toe injury . John Skelton expected to start for second straight week . Someone got a pep talk RT @OfficialBraylon I have never been more ready to perform in my life . Dennis Byrd I respect ,  salute ,  and honor you . RT @ttwentyman Former Houston Texans head coach Gary Kubiak interviewed for the Lions head coaching vacancy today . Jets RB Bilal Powell dislocated his shoulder and will undergo an MRI on Monday to determine extent of damage and how long he will be out . Appeal of Seahawks CB Richard Shermans four game suspension is scheduled for Dec . 14 ,  which means he will play Sunday against Arizona . Titans re signed veteran safety and special teams standout Donnie Nickey . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell is close to getting a new 5 year extension through 2024 ,  per @dkaplanSBJ . Bills placed RB Fred Jackson on injured reserve . It clears roster spot the team used for Tashard Choice ,  whom it claimed on waivers . Hot off the presses ... NFL source Roddy White a no show for Falcons 630 team meeting ,  and wont be in camp tomorrow . RT @ProFootballTalk Reid says McNabb didn't handpick Redskins  ... Clarification McNabb handpicked Redskins from the options he had . Tom Savage finished practice today as Texans QB and will start Sunday vs Colts . Reporter @RapSheet uses his head here . Did we see that  ?  Uh ,  how would we miss that  ?  Former Bills HC Doug Marrone cancelled his Denver HC interview scheduled for Saturday wants to wait to see what happens with Gary Kubiak . RT @1901Madison Think Chicago looks like a playoff team in 2012 ?   ...  If it stays healthy . But NFC is stacked . Broncos still can finish as 1 ,  2 ,  3 ,  5 or 6 seed . Denvers chance to make SB would more than triple with first round bye ,  per ESPN's FPI . Jaguars HC Gus Bradley announced his team is going back to QB Blaine Gabbert . Now official Chiefs signed S Reshard Langford and placed S Eric Berry on injured reserve . Falcons stance has not changed they say they are not trading TE Tony Gonzalez now nor by today's 4 pm trade deadline . Giants working out WR Wes Welker and Hakeem Nicks ,  per @JosinaAnderson . Based on 2015 ,  Falcons and 49ers have hardest strength of schedule  .555 opponents win pct  and Packers have easiest schedule  .457 .The first person to nab a Mike Wallace interview was not who you'd expect RT @jharrison9292 @Wallace17daKid is back  . For now ,  JaMarcus Russell is done . But don't dismiss him for down the line just yet . Anyone who did that with Vince Young made a mistake . With Kerry Collins missing practice ,  Colts are preparing as though Curtis Painter will be starting QB at Tampa Bay on Monday . Now there has . RT @AndrewSiciliano There has yet to be a scoreless first half this year in the NFL . Giants RB Ahmad Bradshaw might be able to play Sunday ,  but one person familiar with the situation said he will definitely be back soon.Cowboys have agreed to terms on the contract with first round draft choice Dez Bryant . RT @PTI Dear @AdamSchefter   Not good enough . You can't even see me  !  Sincerely ,  Tony . All eight of the Ravens' draft picks from the 2012 class have passed physicals ,  signed contracts and are in their first rookie meeting . Look what @WarrenSapp was kind enough to send along ...  All turnovers now will be subject to review like scoring plays . No coaching challenged will be needed . Falcons' QB coach Matt LaFleur could be new Rams' OC ,  per sources . NCAA Division II and III championships today Delta State vs . Minn Duluth for Div II title ,  Mount Union vs . Wisc Whitewater for Div III . As @MikeReiss reported ,  Former Patriots center Dan Koppen agreed to 1 year deal with Broncos . Texans officially released WR Andre Johnson . Denver is interested in former Browns QB Brock Osweiler ,  but there is no deal yet . Broncos hope to sign him still details to work out . Can't seem to kick my NBA news habit quite yet . RT @espn Source Free agent Derek Fisher to meet with Miami Heat    . Players NOT tagged include Packers QB Matt Flynn ,  G Carl Nicks ,  WRs Vincent Jackson ,  Marques Colston and Reggie Wayne ,  DE Mario Williams . Bills' Cyrus Kouandjio involved in bizarre incident with police ...  After hosting former Chargers LB Takeo Spikes ,  Rams working out former EaglesBrowns LB Chris Gocong on Fri . RT @McClainonNFL Stunned Bud Adams listened to his people . Smart on Bud's part . Don't know I've ever used Bud and smart in same sentence . DeAndre Hopkins ,  who did not report to camp on time last year due to desire for new deal ,  will report with rest of Texans on Mon ,  per source . Cardinals signing LaMarr Woodley . Browns HC Hue Jackson said Cody Kessler will open camp getting first reps with starting offense . Panthers inactives RB DeAngelo Williams ,  RB Tyrell Sutton ,  WR Dwayne Jarrett . If Carolina keeps it close ,  it'll be a big day for Stewart . RT @SmackisBack216 What you think about the Browns draft  ?   ...  Their draft ,  future seasons ,  and jobs are riding on Brandon Weeden . Packers have activated WR Randall Cobb from injured reserve  designated for return . Vikings trying to trade WR Percy Harvin and are in discussions with Seahawks ,  amongst other teams ,  per team sources . Seahawks favored . RT @JonesDrew32 when r u coming down to jacksonville to see what we have brewing ...  Think Aug . 13. Whenever it is ,  please visit the bus . Chargers WR Patrick Crayton dislocated his wrist Monday night . He'll undergo an MRI today to determine whether he'll play again this year . RT @awbartel @AdamSchefter Rumor has it you're in Denver with Shanahan . Laughing . True  ?   ...  100 percent false . While CB Al Harris went unclaimed on waivers ,  Carolina claimed RB Andre Brown and Seattle claimed QB Zac Robinson . RT @JimIrsay Talks with A Luck's agent , Will Wilson the brother of Andrew's mother  have been productive . Team  ...  Jay Cutler's contract carries 22.5 mi salary cap number for 2014. Contract has no pro rated bonuses but CHIC can restructure at any time . ESPN.com's Rick Reilly redoes the 2006 ,  '07 ,  '08 NFL drafts the way they should have been . . No matter what happens here for New England ,  this night is a loss . And @richeisen ,  please settle this with @DustinKeller81. Lugers   overrated ,  right  ?  Early bird there ain't what it's cracked up to be . Someone has high hopes for Thursday night ...  RT @mortreport Hue Jackson will interview Wednesday with Jeff Fisher for Rams offensive coordinator job ,  per sources . Tomorrow might actually be last Sunday wo full blown training camps ,  preseason games ,  regular season games  playoffs till February . Enjoy  !  Pam Oliver just reported Michael Vick is done for the day . Broncos now have ruled out CB Kayvon Webster for Sunday night game vs Oakland now down two CBs with Aqib Talib also ruled out . Lions announced they have re signed TE Tim Wright . Texans HC Gary Kubiak said Case Keenum will start Sunday vs . Jaguars . Some more big reasons Albert Haynesworth won't be traded this off season . RT @adbrandt Paid 21M on April 1 ,  32M past yr ,  won't trade now . A review and preview of where Vikings HC Brad Childress and his job security are today . NFL sources said they are convinced that Rutgers wide receiver Mark Harrison is not responsible for the trashed hotel room . Calvin Johnson officially active . As are Baltimore's Terrell Suggs and Lardarius Webb . Eagles trade DT Brodrick Bunkley to Cleveland for 5th round pick in 2012 and agreed to terms with LB Akeem Jordan on a one year deal . Some free agent RBs not getting much play . But am told free agent RB Darren McFadden has generated significant interest.Ray Rice ,  wife Janay surprise youth cheerleaders in Southwest Baltimore with new uniforms . Oh the drama  !  Dolphins ,  Chiefs won coin toss . Miami picks 8th ,  Carolina 9th ,  KC 11th ,  Seattle 12th . NFLPA statement on Josh Brown  . Browns WR Josh Cribbs' next catch is worth 100,000. He has a 100,000 incentive in his contract for 21 25 receptions Cribbs now has 20.And we have a deal Bears traded OL Gabe Carimi to Tampa Bay for a sixth round pick in 2014.Help a friend ,  @LarryFitzgerald  ?  RT @sportsguy33 Need 21.1 points from Fitzgerald to win my fantasy week Come on Larry  !  We can do this  !  For all of his success this season ,  there's a real chance we're not going to see whether Bengals' QB Andy Dalton can win in the postseason . Jim Schwartz and the Detroit Lions staff will face Dennis Allen and the Oakland Raiders staff in the Senior Bowl later this month . Had to know something like this was coming RT @espnnfl Source Leroy Hill of Seattle Seahawks agrees to reduced salary  . Might as well go ahead and hire Leslie Frazier right now . Minnesota will not find a better man or a more qualified candidate . Sight 'ems Colorado Rockies centerfielder Dexter Fowler and shortstop Troy Tulowitzki attended the Dolphins morning practice . For first time ever ,  49ers flying to Seattle two days in advance of game ,  per source . SF did it this postseason for games at GB and CAR . The reason DeSean Jackson missed the Saturday morning special teams meeting his alarm didn't go off and he overslept . Broncos announced Gary Kubiak was taken to hospital with flu like symptoms . He currently is being evaluated . RT @Edwerderespn Sounding like Seahawks were most impressed with Brady Quinn at yesterday's 4 QB tryout and will pursue signing him . Don't like Jim Zorn's chances . RT @Demetrius82 @AdamSchefter who is the first HC to be fired in your opinion  ?  Visanthe Shiancoe signed a one year deal with the Patriots ,  as @JasonColeYahoo reported . So now we're talking about the deadliest mass shooting in our country's history . Sickening ,  sobering ,  deflating ,  beyond sad . Turns out that former Giants RB Brandon Jacobs and the San Francisco 49ers reached agreement on a one year deal . Antonio Brown now has at least 5 catches for 50 yards in 33 straight games . Next closest WR is Odell Beckham Jr . with 9.More DeSean Jackson Andy Reid Rump Bump suggestions . RT @wonderphil Should be The Back Fat Splat.Doug Kezirian and Ben Fawkes welcome Chris Berman to talk about how Swami Sez picks became a thing . With 9 month recovery from Jadeveon Clowney's microfracture knee surgery ,  start of 2015 season in real doubt for him . Eli Manning's memorabilia trial ,  scheduled to begin Sept . 25 ,  now has been delayed indefinitely ,  per court filing . No new trial date issued . Passed on from @birdinblue ... thank you ... So Dolphins C Mike Pouncey will not play today . Was expected to but not healthy enough . Another blow to Dolphins' OL . With Kenneth Dixon out due to Tuesday's knee surgery ,  Ravens are signing former Giants ,  Bucs ,  Browns RB Bobby Rainey ,  per sources . Washington TE Jordan Reed ,  who suffered a shoulder injury last Thursday vs Dallas ,  is unlikely to play Sunday at Arizona ,  per sources . Texans are giving Brock Osweiler a 4 year ,  72 million deal ,  per source . NFLPA statement on Adrian Peterson suspension The decision by the NFL to suspend Adrian Peterson is another ...  Tom Brady not ready to accept court ruling today   far from it ,  per sources . Mulling options with legal team . But this is not yet over . Filed to ESPN Free agent WR Braylon Edwards and the San Francisco 49ers reached agreement on a 1 year ,  3.5 million deal . Fantasy madness CJ2K ,  Philip Rivers and TB's Mike Williams combined to get me as many points Sunday as Blair White  9  ,  and I lost by 4.RT @rodmonium91 Let's not forget ,  3 years ago today ,  we lost Steve McNair way too soon #RIPAirMcNair . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Updated final stats from the greatest comeback in Super Bowl   and maybe NFL   history  . Why he shakes hands SO hard  ?  RT @RachelNichols Back in MN to spend time w Adrian Peterson for E60 story . What do u want 2 know about him  ?  CBS reported Tom Brady has three broken ribs . He also has fractured ring finger on right hand that has given him more problems than ribs . Chargers WR Vincent Jackson signed his one year contract tender Friday . One source close to Bill Cowher said he expects the former Steelers HC to remain on the sidelines for a few more years.NFLRank 2017 The 100 best players.Vikings have claimed former Packers TE Brandon Bostick off waivers . 49ers released S Antoine Bethea . 49ers are giving DT Earl Mitchell a four year deal ,  per source . Colin Kaepernick became the fifth in Super Bowl era to throw for 400 yards and three TDs without an INT in season opener . Bears QB Jimmy Clausen suffered a concussion Sunday and will not play in regular season finale . Waiting on Donovan McNabb gives us something to do while we're waiting on Brett Favre . Tracking cuts to all 53 man NFL rosters Who's in ,  who's out.Subplot for SF QB Colin Kaepernick 49ers preseason finale is Thursday in San Diego ,  home of one of the largest bases of the US Navy . Orlando Thomas' agent Mark Bartlestein said his client continues fighting the fight ,  and is displaying incredible courage. Best to O.T . Saints TE Ben Watson  knee ,  questionable  will play today vs . Jags ,  WR Marques Colston  chest ,  Q  ,  however ,  will not ,  per sources . He's out . Remembering some of those we lost in 2011 Steve Jobs ,  Betty Ford ,  Elizabeth Taylor ,  Christopher Hitchens ,  Geraldine Ferraro . Best caption for this wins RT  RT @gspphoto Zygi Wilf and Gov Dayton toss dirt at Vikings Stadium Groundbreaking . Raiders reached agreement on a one year deal with former Broncos CB Tracy Porter . Good point . RT @krisgraffagnino @AdamSchefter Austin IS the capital of Texas Adam ... Unspeakably sad . RT @ProFootballTalk Randall Cunningham's 2 year old son drowns in family hot tub  . Former Yankees catcher Thurman Munson killed 30 years ago today ,  the darkest day of my childhood . Former Packers TE Spencer Havner was claimed by three teams   Detroit ,  Seattle ,  Tenn   but was awarded to the Lions . Teams expressing most interest in former Panthers CB Josh Norman so far include SF ,  Washington ,  Pittsburgh ,  Miami . Others also making pitch . X factor for postseason is back Seahawks' RB Marshawn Lynch ready to go Sunday ,  per Pete Carroll . Some finishing touches to Clayton and Mort's story deal is getting done and football is coming back . Giants ruled out WR Hakeem Nicks ,  C Shaun O'Hara ,  DE Dave Tollefson . How bout Giselle vs . Victoria  ?  RT @gregaiello Stories on TBrady in both London Daily Telegraph and Daily Express comparing him to Beckham . Former Steelers LB James Harrison is meeting with the LB needy Bengals ,  as @MikeGarafolo reported . The obit ...  RT @nytimes James Gandolfini ,  Sopranos Star ,  Dies at 51  . Everyone could use a smile ,  right  ?  Well ,  Billy Crystal will co anchor SportsCenter at 6 ET . Worth noting Cleveland once backed out of a trade that would have sent WR Josh Gordon to SF for RB Kendall Hunter and a 2nd rd pick . No practice today for Jaguars WR Cecil Shorts . Washington activated C Kory Lichtensteiger and waived C Brian de la Puente . Friend and partner @mortreport named this year's NFLPA Georgetown Lombardi Award honoree ,  same award given to the great Stuart Scott in 2014 . NFL Draft is 50 days from today . Brees loves him . RT @cappydigital @AdamSchefter yo Schef , u BUYING or SELLING Lance Moore  ?  Guy was pretty nasty last year . Think he's back  ?  Uh oh Vikings RB Adrian Peterson hobbles off . Raiders QB EJ Manuel will start Sunday vs . Baltimore . Dolphins first round pick Jared Odrick has a leg injury that will prevent him from playing Sunday versus Minnesota . RT @TheJetsStream Rex Ryan confirms that Mark Sanchez will start vs . Bears barring setback . Says he had a lot on his throws today . Former Titans TE Jared Cook reached agreement with the Rams . Chargers cut former Bears CB Nathan Vasher . Greg Jones signed with the Texans on 1 year deal today . The excuse note KC HC Andy Reid sent to Chiefs' Kingdom for tonight's big game vs . Raiders . Colts WR Austin Collie and RB Joseph Addai each are inactive . Dallas Cowboys are set to hire former Tennessee head coach Derek Dooley as their WR coach . A happy marriage . No team at one training camp longer than Packers at St . Norbert College in DePere ,  Wisconsin . Fifty two years now ,  52 ! Cam Newton's new 5 year ,  103.8 million deal also includes 60 million guaranteed ,  per source . Typical of the responses I've got in my search for @Revis24 RT @phonehand I FOUND Revis  !  NFL supplemental draft is Thursday Clemson OT Isaiah Battle could be picked . Last player selected in supp draft was Josh Gordon in 2012.Giants finalizing deal to hire OC Ben McAdoo ,  per sources . Expectation is it will get done . Former Dolphins OL coach Chris Foerster enters Miami rehab facility . Uh oh 2 Rams WR Mark Clayton carted off with a non contract injury . Raiders ,  Ravens ,  Patriots ,  Cardinals ,  Cowboys ,  Eagles and Redskins all report for training camp two weeks from today . Thr summer in 4th qtr . RT @SprowESPN Kellen Winslow gets ripped ,  but 437 catches since 2004 trail only Gonzalez ,  Witten and Gates among TEs . NFL announced former US District Judge Barbara S . Jones has been appointed to hear and decide appeal filed by NFLPA on behalf of Ray Rice . And one of the best parts of the deal for Andrew Luck . Scheduled to be a free agent again at 32. Another big bite of the apple awaits . NFL in June GB Dir of Personnel Eliot Wolf ,  STL Dir of College Scouting Brad Holmes ,  STL Sr Asst Tony Pastoors each getting married today . Two weeks from today Bengals ,  Broncos ,  Jets ,  Titans ,  Vikings ,  Saints ,  Niners veterans all report to camp . Last days of summer ... And moments ago ,  Colts owner Jim Irsay was released . From his holding pen . He's now out of jail . If you blinked ,  you missed me . RT @NowThatsG @AdamSchefter I just seen you on The Longest Yard on TNT . Didn't know you were in this movie . It's official Mike Tice is returning to the NFC North ,  this time as the Bears offensive line coach . RT @EthanOgle what kind of contract does a player get on a practice squad  ?   ...  5200 a week for 17 weeks   good work if you can get it . Colts already have been working on parameters of blockbuster mega deal for QB Andrew Luck ,  per league sources . Could be richest deal in NFL . And @Edwerderespn reports Jared Allen has reached agreement with Seahawks . All signs point to Jay Gruden @CindyBoren RT @PostSports Redskins ,  Jay Gruden make progress toward possible deal . Just a reminder four of the Redskins five games have been decided on the very last play . Giants will introduce Ben McAdoo as their new HC on Friday morning . Denver could use a successor to Peyton Manning ... just saying . Tyson Alualu's agent Kenny Zuckerman said he does not have an agreement w Jaguars . Alualu is debating whether to accept Jaguars offer . Anquan Boldin in Time magazine . Big day . Sunday . Games today . I got my colored mouthpiece in and ,  like @OGOchocinco ,  I'm ready . Why the NFC playoffs could be played all indoors ,  and the Chiefs decision to keep Larry Johnson over Jared Allen  . RT @RapSheet Ex UCLAer Maurice Jones Drew on Sirius about USC sanctions We knew all the guys took paycuts when they came into the league . RT @mortreport Mike McCarthy says Ryan Grant as a signifcant ankle injury out this week ... and readng between lines ,  out for quite awhile . So Chargers' CB Jason Verrett now likely to undergo surgery on the partially torn ACL that he has played with past two weeks ,  per source . While specifics of Darrelle Revis' deal are uncertain ,  this much is not it will make him the highest paid CB in NFL history . Atlanta signed veteran OL Pat Mcquistan and placed OT Sam Baker on injured reserve ,  per team official . Mike Nugent beat out Dave Rayner for the Bengals kicking job ,  with Cincinnati releasing Rayner . Turns out that Peyton Manning underwent neck surgery at Marina Del Rey Hospital . Surgeons were Robert Watkins Sr . and Robert Watkins Jr . Cubs give hope to these NFL teams with longest title droughts1947 Arizona1957 Detroit1960 Philadelphia1961 Minnesota1961 Tennessee . As if there were any question about how quickly he might recover from off season neck surgery ,  Peyton Manning returned to practice today . Spotted again RT @AlexPagliano @AdamSchefter's bus stopping at Eastview Mall ,  right out in front of P.F . Changs . Peyton Manning now has thrown four touchdown passes the past two weeks   to the opponent . Four pick sixes . Wow . Spelled Marcell right  !  @johnelway 13 more draft prospects visiting us over next 10 days ,  including DL Marcell Dareus ,  CB Patrick Peterson . Bills QB Kevin Kolb has concussion like symptoms ,  EJ Manuel recovering from knee surgery . Who starts opening day  ?  Bengals announced they signed S Shawn Williams to four year contract extension ,  running through 2020 season . RT @podcenter Football Today 1118  Ross Tucker and Adam Schefter discuss what else  ?  Michael Vick    . Hardly a surprise ,  but Ravens RB Ray Rice officially did not appeal his two game suspension three day period to do it now has passed . Redskins today named Kyle Shanahan offensive coordinator ,  Matt LaFleur quarterbacks coach and Jon Embree tight ends coach . Roger Goodell now scheduled to meet w Browns WR Josh Gordon Friday ,  former Cowboys DT Josh Brent within next week ,  Aldon Smith next Friday . Packers have promoted Eliot Wolf to director of player personnel . No practice again today for Titans RB DeMarco Murray ,  nor Jaguars RB Leonard Fournette . Former Cards S Antrel Rolle free to sign ,  and is talking to Bears ,  Giants ,  Dolphins and Cardinals . No team more desperate than Chicago . Browns WR Andrew Hawkins just said Cleveland's first round pick ,  WR Corey Coleman ,  reminds him of Ravens' WR Steve Smith . Arizona Cardinals announced that the team has agreed to terms on a five year contract with DE Calais Campbell . Look for monster deal . Teams not allowed to talk to Giants LB Jon Beason during negotiation period that starts Sat . Only allowed to talk to him starting Tuesday . Mike Goodson ,  Rob Gronkowski ,  Bruce Irvin   just another typically quiet NFL Friday in the middle of May . Another high pick signs . RT @espnnfcsouth Bucs sign DT Brian Price    . By losing to Tampa Bay ,  Seattle helped St . Louis get the No . 1 overall pick   and now the Seahawks might have to face Suh in NFC West . RT @benhester are you stopping in Hattiesburg to talk to Favre on your way to New Orelans  ?   ...  We asked . Our offer was politely declined . With Greg Jennings in MINN ,  neither team with double first round picks   Rams nor Vikes   is expected to sign Victor Cruz to an offer sheet . Another team lighting it up is Philadelphia . With the 123rd overall pick in the fourth round ,  the Eagles drafted Georgia CB Brandon Boykin . RT @KingJames Welcome home Plaxico  !  Best of luck in the near future both on and off the field . #17 Jersey coming to a city near u . Patriots didn't need much help . Patriots scored TDs on a league high 70 percent of red zone possessions last season . Ben Tate and Greg Jennings active for Vikings . What happens to Marshawn Lynch when he returns  ?  RT @buffalobillscom Fred Jackson ran for a career best 163 rushing yards vs . Tampa Bay . Some sound advice from an NFL legend RT @NFLonTheHill I think it's important in one's career that every 45 yrs or so u change ur role . Bengals LB Roddrick Muckelroy ,  Lions RB Mikel Leshoure ,  Titans WR O.J . Murdock ,  Browns P Reggie Hodges ,  Eagles DE Victor Abiamitri ... Lovely NFL Insiders Sunday Edition coming right up on ESPN.#Hardy #DeSean #GurleyAP #Mariota #Cam #DionLewis . RT @EricStangel NFL In Carolina ,  they should have at least counted down from 10 before dropping John Fox on New Year's Eve . Joe Buck's revenge updated ... Not that there ever was a question ,  but Adam Pacman Jones cleared to play this season . Question of the day involves Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie's Oscar nomination . RT @K92BobPatrick Do we blame Andy Reid if he loses  ?  McNabb  ?  You wanna know what my wife thinks  ?  I'm starting my new job at ESPN Monday ,  and you wanna know what my wife thinks  ?   Hillary approved this .No Notre Dame player was selected in 1st 5 rounds for the 1st time since 2000 and 3rd time in Common Draft Era  1977 .Steelers offiicially placed running back LeVeon Bell on the teams ReserveInjured List . Colts first round pick Malik Hooker tweaked his hamstring during conditioning test and has been placed on PUP . So to clarify ,  Phillips' contract had a 2012 option ,  and then it didn't . Now the deal runs through 2011 ,  with no options . Bills announced DT Marcell Dareus ,  WR Sammy Watkins and DT Kyle Williams have passed their physicals . Jets RB Mike Goodson ,  now back with team ,  has been suspended four games for violating Substances of Abuse Policy . When's the USA's next game  ?  !  ?  !  RT @Shorthorns4 350 yards against best defense in the country and you are not impressed . You're a damn fool  ...  Two INTs with game on line . Just got memo from ESPN . There was some confusion over last night's Twitter policy . Bottom line I can continue Tweeting  !  Brace yourself . One reason Carolina was willing to trade talented OT Jeff Otah to the Jets was because he is entering the last year of his contract . NFL will review rule this off season that allowed Josh McDaniels to change teams in the same season and to coach in the post season . The two teams interested in former Bills LB Aaron Maybin are the New York Jets and Chicago Bears . much . In addition to hiring defensive coordinator Romeo Crennel ,  the Chiefs terminated the contract of the coach he'll replace ,  Clancy Pendergast . Panthers think Cam has looked very strong this summer but major WR questions there . Watch out for Rams S Mark Barron rushing off edge . Hurt Carson Palmer last season ,  Ben Roethlisberger last week ,  gets Palmer again today . What everyone expected becomes official this afternoon ,  when the Titans release quarterback Vince Young . Giants GM Jerry Reese on Justin Pugh He was the highest guy on our board . You guys think Im joking when I say ...  How do you think the Peyton Manning story will end this off season  ?  Jaguars WR Cecil Shorts will not play today due to groin injury RB Maurice Jones Drew will test his hamstring pregame to see if he can play . RT @brotherfuture94 Love NJ ,  but if this weather keeps up I may have to take my talents to SoCal  ...  Thinking of taking mine to South Beach . The unsung heroes RT @richarddeitsch Have immense respect for those at NFL Films & the hard working camera peopleeditors of Hard Knocks . Even more timely . RT @GregABedard Some guys have a very tough time away from the spotlight . Read Trevor Pryce in NYT  . Congratulations to The Champ ,  @MikeTyson ,  on the birth of his eighth child ,  Morocco Elijah Tyson . At 8 lbs ,  13 oz ,  sounds like a hvwt champ . Touching story of my friend Nicholas ,  who can use some help . Turns out Katherine Webb approached to consider 1 episode reality show on planning wedding . Nothing firm and AJ McCarron has no real role . Aaron Hernandez inactive . Brandon Jacobs inactive . Laurent Robinson inactive . RT @FauxJohnMadden With NYJ bringing in Girardi to teach Sanchez to slide do u think Kubiak will bring in Rivera to teach his team to close  ?  Tale of the tape ...  49ers released Corey Lemonier ,  a former 3rd round pick ,  per source . California State Senator moves to expand protections for workersFirst Amendment rights declares California a Fr  . Stat of the day Last time we stopped at a gas station ,  which we do every other day ,  it cost a whopping 544 to fill up the bus . Twenty four more hours of talks can turn into 48 and then 72. Doesn't mean it will be ,  but it can be a big deal . Here's Trevor Pryce's NY Times piece ,  In Comfortable Retirement ,  And Getting Tired of It ,   . Ravens CB Jimmy Smith is being suspended four games for violating NFL policy of performance enhancing substances ,   . RT @ksmahieu Story circulating in DC that Shanahan insisted on Allen as his GM in talks with Bills .  True  ?   ...  100 percent false . Former NFL MVP Rich Gannon on Sirius about @10AJMcCarron doing a reality show with Katherine Webb A bad idea . Really a poor decision.Agree  ?  RT @WilliamsonNFL My top interior DL 1. Ngata 2. Wilfork 3 Kyle Williams 4. Raji 5. Kevin Williams 6. Suh  & climbing .If there can be a schedule show ,  there can be a Pro Bowl Draft Show . So ,  Pro Bowl Draft Show airs tonight on ESPN2 at 730 PM ET . Niners now could have four third round picks in 2014 theirs ,  one for Alex Smith ,  comp pick for Dashon Goldson and this pick from Tennessee . Coming up now . Tune in RT @ESPNNFL Get ready    First ever LIVE twitter vote coming in less than 15 minutes  !  News is even worse . RT @JosinaAnderson Source just confirmed both Adrian Peterson's MCL and ACL are torn . Just watched the DVRd season finale of The TO Show . One of the top reality shows I've seen . Kudos ,  @terrellowens . You scored . Suspension Thursday Cowboys' Rolando McClain also suspended four games for violating substance abuse policy ,  via NFL . Falcons ,  Rams ,  Jaguars each have requested permission to interview Broncos OC Adam Gase ,  a finalist for 49ers' HC job ,  per sources . And then Orton pulled a Jake Plummer and threw a left handed pass in one of the worst throws you will see this summer . And so the road to the Super Bowl goes through New England . Officially . Vikings took OT Matt Kalil . TB traded pick ,  presumably to Jacksonville . Raiders reached agreement with former Cowboys CB Mike Jenkins . RT @LesBowen DeSean Jackson has been told he will not be active for the Eagles today .  ...  Jackson missed an entire team meeting . A no show . No leak ,  @OGOchoCinco . Your team has called JaMarcus Russell ,  as have others . But there are no plans for him to be at any minicamps now . Dolphins signed defensive tackle Ryan Baker and guard Ray Feinga and waived defensive tackle Igor Olshansky and kicker Shayne Graham . Steelers reached agreement on a three year deal with former Bengals QB Bruce Gradkowski . Now we wait to see if a trade happens . Notre Dame HC Brian Kelly called LB Jaylon Smith's knee injury significant. Awful . On @MikeAndMike ,  Stephen B . sounds more like Stephen A than @stephenasmith . That's the talent of @FrankCaliendo . B tops A . Bruschi exited today ,  Zach Thomas next . He won't play again for Chiefs and ,  barring unforseen ,  is finished in NFL . End for 1 more great LB . So if all goes well and if Josh Gordon stays clean   big ifs   he could be reinstated to play the 2016 season . As @McClainonNFL reported ,  Texans are releasing safety Ed Reed . 49ers announced they waived CB Perrish Cox and WR Kyle Williams . Chiefs waived TE Leroy Banks ,  QB Matt Gutierrez ,  DB Andre Jones ,  OL Nick Landry ,  OL Jermail Porter and RB Kolby Smith . RGIII officially inactive tonight vs . Dallas . Eric Weddle is signing with the Baltimore Ravens ,  per source . Breaking news Donovan McNabb is in Buffalo  !  Unfortunately for the Bills ,  he's there to watch his niece play a college basketball game . Surprise setback for Super Bowl contender Rams kicker Greg Zuerlein   aka Legatron   is being placed on IR with  . As @mortreport first reported ,  Titans have fired Mike Munchak . RIP Former Lions coach Monte Clark passed away last night at age 72. Clark had extended illness with a bone marrow malignancy . Due to snowstorm scheduled to hit East Coast weekend ,  Bears Ravens game was pushed back from 1 pm to 4 pm . Saints CB Delvin Breaux ,  listed as quest for tonight's game vs Panthers due to fibula injury ,  is not expected to play ,  per @JimTrotterNFL . I report decisions ,  don't make them . RT @Hebert225 how does ocho get a 20,000 fine but tommie harris get 7,500 for a deliberate punch . Joining Jack Youngblood ,  Charles Woodson ,  Terrell Owens as players to play a Super Bowl with a fracture in their leg is Falcons C Alex Mack . Broncos running back LenDale White tore his Achilles and is out for the season . Two notes Eagles released QB Trent Edwards . Free agent TE Kellen Winslow passed his Patriots physical ,  per sources . RT @andypisciotti Has Buffalo done enough to finally reach the post season  ?   ...  Like all its moves . But tell me how Ryan Fitzpatrick plays . Dolphins tried out former Eagles G Danny Watkins today . Aldon Smith suspended 9 games ,  per @caplannfl . 49ers filed tampering charges bc if another team offered more  to Crabtree ,  it would decrease chances he would take SF's offer . Make cents  ?  Browns waived wide receiver Brian Robiskie to make room for running back Thomas Clayton.After Rams planned to hire Rob Ryan on Jan . 24 ,  @mortreport reports St . Louis has changed its mind and will not add him to its staff . RT @espnafcnorth Ocho on his show Man ,  I havent seen this many girls on a football field since the last time we played the Steelers.Packers S Morgan Burnett  groin  and LB Clay Matthews  anklehamstring  have been ruled out for Sunday vs Detroit . Falcons WR Roddy White is active . Jets believe QB Geno Smith tore his ACL ,  as @RapSheet reported . Smith scheduled to get second opinion Tuesday from Dr . James Andrews . Please set DVRs NFL Preview show Tuesday night ,  7 ET ,  on ESPN . @mortreport ,  @MrMichaelSmith ,  The Professor and me go inside huddle .. Patriots WR Wes Welker is active today   amazing   but WR Julian Edelman is not . Texans are placing JJ Watt on injured on Wednesday and resigning DE Antonio Smith ,  per league sources . Here's the Brandon Marshall story ...  Jameis Winston visited with Dr . James Andrews on Tuesday regarding his shoulder injury and the Bucs' QB now will sp  . Since 2010 ,  in the 2nd half of its regular season schedule ,  New England is now an NFL best 32 3.Falcons discussed a deal for Steven Jackson before last season's trade deadline . Now they've landed Jackson without trading for him . RT @Schrantz15 You going to find time to pick a bracket  ?  !   ...  Prefer to wait until regular season ends in late December ,  early January . An update on Steelers LB Ryan Shazier ,  who has returned to Pittsburgh  . Once again ,  time for the weekly NFL Power Rankings.1. Patriots  6 1   Continue to win and fly under the radar ,  ...  Chargers have agreed on a three year contract with former Indianapolis Colts safety Dwight Lowery . RT @SIPeterKing The details of this rather amazing contract signed by Brady  . Now Vikings CB Jabari Price suspended for first two games for violating NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . No Brady news . Please check out #jalenvseverybody tonight @ 730pm ET on ESPN . @JalenRose is the man . Not a good sign for Jordan Reed's availability Sunday vs . Detroit  . Congrats to the Final Five for the Hall  !  RT @RichCimini The final 5 Dent ,  Faulk ,  Sabol ,  Sanders ,  Sharpe . Indy spies say city has dressed up downtown and weather forecast for next week is in 40s . So Dallas was freezing ,  Indy pleasant . Go figure . An Aldon Smith Khalil Mack tag team might be NFL's best 1 2 pass rush combo . AFC West loaded with great pass rushers . Redskins announced today that they have placed running back Clinton Portis on season ending Injured Reserve with a concussion . Pete Carroll said the Seahawks will not pursue former Jaguar David Garrard thinks his team is set at quarterback . One NFL GM was surprised to hear of my knee surgery . I wouldn't expect you to be active enough to tear the meniscus in your knee ,  he said . Some weekend holiday reading ESPN's 2017 fantasy football top 200 PPR rankings . RT @MattNilles The Longest Yard is on TBS ,  somebody pay the man  !   ...  Straight cash homie . Ason Wied ,  Packers vice president of administrationgeneral counsel ,  has taken an indefinite leave of absence for personal reasons . RT @AshokaESPN Really well done piece on Roger Goodell by our @DVNJr . Please read OTL His Game ,  His Rules  . Votes are in . My draft was not good . Took twists and turns I wasn't expecting . Some sharp experienced drafters ,  unlike me . recovery . And another Jackson with a big deal  not to mention Samuel in the Avengers . RT @ABottiggi D'Qwell Jackson ,  too . With all these veterans being shipped out today ,  look for Jacksonville DT John Henderson to go as well . #nfldraft . Vikings preparing for Sunday's game with expectation Adrian Peterson will miss at least this week with sprained MCL ,  per @Edwerderespn . Browns RBs Peyton Hillis ,  Montario Hardesty and Chris Ogbonnaya are all active according to @DMurphBrownsPR . Filed to ESPN   Jets NT Kris Jenkins tore his ACL . Out for year . Crushing blow to Jets defense . More from Rooney on Roethlisberger We cannot comment on any of the specifics until law enforcements investigation is concluded.Unless other facts unexpectedly emerge ,  NFL will not discipline Tom Cable over the assault allegations levied against him by two women . A look all teams in relation to this year's salary cap  . RT @jbrodie316 How much  is Haynesworth costing TB  ?  Is NEWAS still on hook for salary  ?   ...  TB only is on hook for 1.5 mil this season . Saints signed safety Matt Giordano and running back Julius Jones and released kicker John Carney and waived running back DeShawn Wynn . Washingtons inactives include OT Trent Williams . And it's OK to wish Peter a happy birthday  !  RT @SIPeterKing MMQB is up  . We found a problem with my hotel room   no VH1 !  And no T.O . Show tonight . Chocolate int on pillow not going to taste so good now . Ravens S Ed Reed spoke today like a man saying goodbye to Baltimore . Every sign now points to him getting done a deal in Houston on Friday . 49ers will activate WR Michael Crabtree off PUP today and he is expected to play Sunday . A great message for graduates   and non graduates as well  . Quite the compliment from someone who would know  . Start making your plans . RT @gregaiello Lombardi coming to Broadway  !  Former Saints TE Jeremy Shockey took and passed a physical today with the Miami Dolphins . Dolphins signed former Cowboys ,  Saints ,  Falcons ,  Rams and Jaguars DT Montavious Stanley  in other words ,  journeyman .Bears' WR Kevin White ,  listed as questionable for today's game vs . Houston ,  is expected to make his NFL debut today ,  per source . Redskins placing S Brandon Meriweather on IR after he suffered season ending knee injury . Ravens WR Mark Clayton will not play today . Knee injury that will be re examined this week and could sideline him anothe couple of weeks . RT @espnnfcwest Glen Coffee's retirement latest 49ers shock    . Colts WR TY Hilton is active . Dolphins placed offensive tackle Jake Long on ReserveInjured List . Broncos' DL Derek Wolfe carted off with a right leg injury ... Chargers already have ruled out RB Ryan Mathews and OT Jared Gaither for Monday night's game vs . Raiders . Dolphins announced DE Dion Jordan has been suspended for four games for violating the NFLs policy on performance enhancing substances . Bills signed T.J . Yates in free agency and drafted QB Nathan Peterman ,  so opportunities for both.Cardale Jones reunited with Anthony Lynn . My coaching card Lovie   Leaning safe Fewell   Likely out Tom Cable   likely out Raheem Morris   toss up Gary Kubiak   leaning safe . Bengals making push to sign Pro Bowl DT Geno Atkins to long term deal . Bengals usually conservative ,  now being aggressive . NFL replacement officials will work Sunday night's Hall of Fame game . Per normal policy ,  names of officials will be available at game . Will these two be teammates in 2012 ,  and if so ,  where  ?  Just got to bus ,  @mortreport . Wow . Impressive . TJ my bus driver is great . But he just explained to me the limited use of the bathroom . Whoa . Vikings reworked DE Jared Allen's contract this week ,  moving up 4 million of an 8 million roster bonus that was due in March . RT @AdamSchefter We have Football Sunday ,  Follow Friday and ... Errands Saturday .   ...  Would be grear to find time   don't know I can . Vikings already have signed undrafted free agents ,  Virginia S Anthony Harris and former Notre Dame WR DeVaris Daniels . Former 49ers and Vikings LB Gerald Hodges scheduled to visit Seahawks on Weds.Former Wash DT Ricky Jean Francois visiting Packers on Weds . Chip Kelly on 49ers' QB situation 'We're going to look at everything' . The good get better the Chargers added wide receiver Vincent Jackson to the active roster and released K Kris Brown . Buccaneers DT Gerald McCoy is not expected to play today vs Atlanta due to a hand injury ,  per sources . Please spare us all ... RT @Scotchoholic if Jackson's knee injury is bad ...  You think Minnesota calls up and begs Favre to reconsider  ?  Wow Seahawks already have retired Walter Jones' No . 71 and Gov . Christine Gregoire has declared April 30 Walter Jones Day . Not that it's a surprise ,  but Bucs CB Darrelle Revis will play Sunday against former Jets team ,  less than 1 year since he tore ACL . Jeff Fisher ,  Tom Coughlin ,  John Harbaugh ,  Jon Gruden and Bill Cowher now are en route to visit our troops in Iraq . Safe travels to them  !  Cowboys announced DeMarcus Ware has a sprained neck . He is being taken to the hospital for x rays and further evaluation . Success ion  of Rooneys continues Steelers new boss ,  Art Rooney ,  now at practice . Filed to ESPN Browns QB Brady Quinn was fined 10,000 for his hit on Baltimore's Terrell Suggs . RT @NJGiants.NY Giants linebacker Antonio Pierce could still face charges for role in Plaxico Burress case ,  report says  . Eagles QB coach Bill Lazor is in Miami today interviewing for the Dolphins OC job ,  per a league source . Not only did James Harrison blast Roger Goodell in Men's Journal ,  but he also took some swipes at Ben Roethlisberger ,  too . Jets starting QB Christian Hackenberg in their second preseason game at Detroit tonight . Bears RB Matt Forte will start tonight . Raiders CB DJ Hayden is fully expected to be ready for training camp after abdominal injury ,  but will miss rest of OTAs . Seahawks officially have placed DT Brandon Mebane on IR and signed TE RaShaun Allen off Vikings' practice squad . The new Dirty Bird  . The surprise is no surprise RT @carlanthony31 Washington ,  Seattle ,  KC ,  and Houston ,  3 of 4 were last in 09' beat division faves in week 1.Ravens have terminated vested veteran  failed physical  CB Domonique Foxworth Monday afternoon ,  executive VPGM Ozzie Newsome announced . Redskins QB Donovan McNabb was the last to greet us today before sending us on our way to Nashville . Chiefs WR coach David Culley on Dwayne Bowe Hes in the best shape hes been in . I know from last year ,  this is completely different.Adrian Peterson in new uniform ,  via @Saints . Statement from Tom CoughlinI met with John Mara and Steve Tisch this afternoon ,  and I informed them that it is ...  RT @MacTTU How does no one mention that Amendola also followed Welker at Texas Tech  ?   ...  You just did  good point .For football fans who want to be in the know on Sundays ,  follow ...  @nflcountdown . KC's Justin Houston signed a 6 year ,  101M deal that includes 52.5M GTD ,  richest Chiefs' deal in history ,  richest LB deal in NFL history . Who knew ...  ?  !  ?  One more first round deal is done The Colts and first round pick Jerry Hughes agreed to a five year contract . More at espn.com . Redskins HC Jay Gruden on if Colt McCoy is the starting quarterback this week Oh ,  yeah . Yeah.Big morning move out of Tennessee Titans reached agreement with former Redskins LB Brian Orakpo ,  per source . Get used to seeing this in 2018 ...  Titans' rookie QB Marcus Mariota now has gone through five practices and ,  at this point ,  has yet to throw an interception . Filed to ESPN Denver has reached agreement on a 6 year ,  57M deal that includes 26M gtd with former Patriots CB Aqib Talib ,  per sources . To make room for QB Keith Null ,  the Jaguars released CB Michael Coe . My ducks left me ...  Bears requested permission to interview former 49ers DC Vic Fangio ,  per source . Eagles OL Evan Mathis after last night's loss It's ridiculous to have this much talent and be where we are. Which is out of it . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Ezekiel Elliott now likely gets to play this season ,  but NFL and NFLPA are awaiting further explanation . Eagles wanted to do right by McNabb enough so that they agreed to trade him in the division rather than to the Oakland Raiders . Worth pondering Had Chicago not traded two 1's ,  a 3 and Orton to Denver last year ,  it could have had McNabb this year   for way less . Here's what Tom Brady has to say about any alleged jinxes ... Back up the brinks truck QB Sam Bradford will land a blockbuster contract with about   gasp   50 million in guaranteed money . Well ,  @mortreport is reporting snow in Connecticut . Nice weather and CT mutually parted ways . Peyton Manning ,  Ray Lewis ,  Junior Seau ,  Matt Ryan ,  Donald Driver ,  M . Hasselbeck . RT @miamidolfan2354 what NFL player do u respect most  ?  Chiefs also insist move with Scott Pioli doesn't mean that Andy Reid is being hired today . Attorneys still working on details . Browns have 'astronomical grade' on Texas A & M's Myles Garrett ,  per source.Seattle RB Marshawn Lynch has experienced back spasms and team is uncertain whether he'll be able to play Sunday vs . Arizona . This is for a third round pick ,  confirmed . RT @RAIDERS Raiders have acquired LB Kamerion Wimbley via a trade with the Cleveland Browns . RT @sgt50 And we have people who have worked all their lives done what is right and can't even find a job ,  I guess crime does pay  !  Rob Gronkowski's elbow infection was caught early enough that he is likely not miss any extended time and is expected to be for camp . The San Diego Chargers have added tackle Marcus McNeill to the active roster and released cornerback Fred Bennett and safety C.J . Spillman . FWIW ,  all St . Louis QBs are in attendance at this weekend's Sam Bradford Jared Cook Rams Camp at Univ . of Okla . Oh ,  the NY Post another front page all timer ...  Giants are estimating that Hakeem Nicks will miss 12 weeks . Ravens WR Steve Smith ,  listed as questionable with back injury ,  is expected to play today vs 49ers . What would have been odds that to open 2011 season ,  Peyton Manning and Brett Favre wouldn't start but Kerry Collins and Luke McCown would . Just completed weekly Friday chat on ESPN.com hitting on Packers injuries ,  Antonio Gates ,  Mike Martz and other topics   . Lions traded 2010 2nd round pick for RB Jahvid Best . 2nd round picks since Titus Young ,  Ryan Broyles ,  D Slay ,  Kyle Van Noy ,  Ameer Abdullah . Clever lead in Sam Farmer's LA Times article about the Saints' struggles Sunday Blew Dat . So it sounds like the soonest Justin Houston would be back from ACL surgery is August ,  and his absence could extend into season . Bills WR Sammy Watkins scheduled to fly to North Carolina this week to meet with Dr . Robert Anderson to ...  According to 10,000 computer simulations of 2012 season ,  Revis injury drops Jets chances of making playoffs to 37 percent from 54 percent . If the Jets don't trade up to get Mark Sanchez ,  they never relinquish Favre's rights ,  and this madness doesn't happen . Broncos ruled out WR Wes Welker from Sunday's game vs . Oakland . Giants announced WR Victor Cruz underwent arthroscopic knee surgery . Done for season . Another Monday Night controversy Panthers clock operator allowed 4 seconds to run off clock AFTER Ted Ginn TD . Cost Patriots an added play . Packers CB Sam Shields  concussion  has been ruled OUT for Sunday's game vs . Redskins . Mark Sanchez and Shon Greene are the Jets offensive cornerstones for the future . Classic #tbt  ...  Former newspaper reporter Ed Werder   in stylish tank top   showing off his guns ,  '80s style ...  So Aaron Rodgers is out . Not that there's anything wrong with it ,  but are Packers more conservative with Aaron Rodgers or in free agency  ?  Nothing like following a legend . Welcome to the NFL ,  Andrew Luck . Patriots released DT Terrance Knighton ,  per his Twitter feed . Might be time for ESPN to start shooting a new 30 for 30 series   June 23 ,  2010. A historic day in sports . And it's not over yet . Friday 10 Spot on Saturday @TimTebow is getting ready to return to Jacksonville while Chad Henne shines . Eagles announced they signed second round pick Nate Allen to a four year contract . RT @weirsy can I start the John Fox to be Eagles DC next season rumor now  ?   ...  Don't think it'll help . With Sunday's broadcast of Super Bowl 50 ,  ESPN Deportes posted its biggest non soccer audience in its 14 year history . Guess the Rams knew what they were doing   Chicago Bears cut OT Orlando Pace . We're live on Facebook taking your Fantasy questions . One more try on link to DeMarcus Ware story in GQ from @Pschrags  . Though Tom Brady wasn't fined ,  he is scheduled to make 8 million this season . Being suspended 4 games costs Brady about 2 million . In 2009 ,  HOU gave an undrafted RB a 7,500 signing bonus . Arian Foster then gave HOU more rushing TDs  yds than anyone in franchise history . Jets plan to release WRs David Clowney and Patrick Turner today . Need one roster spot for WR Santonio Holmes ,  will have another free spot . Snyder didn't even have to say that   anyone could . OK ,  Twitterverse . I'm pulling a Drew Bennett for the night and retiring . Tweet in the morning . RT @StephaniaESPN So ,  McGahee is indeed active . Due to lingering tightness with hamstring injury ,  RB Eddie Lacy will not participate in Alabama's Pro Day March 13th . His workout date TBD . And the Indianapolis Colts are now on the clock . Cardinals and S Tyrann Honey Badger Mathieu reached agreement on 5 year ,  62.5 million agreement that includes 40M gtd ,  per sources . With Darren Sproles our for the year ,  Eagles signed RB Kenjon Barner to a one year contract . As if the day in New England weren't tough enough already ...  After a brief meeting today ,  Eric Mangini and Mike Holmgren will meet again tonight ,  then again tomorrow . No decisions yet . Anyone looking for a HC in 2012 can choose from Bill Cowher ,  Jon Gruden ,  Jeff Fisher ,  Brian Billick . Interim HC Joe Vitt ,  whose 6 game suspension expires after today ,  will be at airport tonight to greet Saints when they arrive home from TB . Bengals HC Marvin Lewis We have a lot of talent on offense ,  and we need to keep working to take full advantage of the personnel we have.Patriots placing QB Jacoby Brissett on IR today with thumb injury . Also frees up roster space for another QB ...  The Decker Titans' dance continues ...  Jaguars WR Marqise Lee ,  listed as questionable for Sunday with knee injury ,  will play vs . Chargers ,  per source . Filed to ESPN Carolina and No . 1 overall pick Cam Newton reached agreement on a four year deal worth 22 million that is fully guaranteed . Jaguars claimed former Ravens RB Bernard Pierce off waivers today . Chiefs hired former Seahawks exec Will Lewis as Kansas City's Director of Pro Scouting . Cowboys DE DeMarcus Lawrence Broken foot ,  out 8 12 weeks . On it goes for Cowboys . RT @jman7749ersfan I think niners can beat dal what u think  ...  Was big on Dallas to start season ,  but SF is going to be good . Chance ,  yes . Looking forward to #ShaqAndDale Monday 9 pm ET @SECNetwork ,  directed by my pal @HannahStormEspn @brainstorminpro @Shaq @theTimMcGraw . RT @GMONEY3  Need news on Antiono Gates please  ?   ...  Chargers are not counting on him playing tonight . Packers RB Aaron Jones expected to be sidelined 3 6 weeks with MCL injury ,  per source . Geno Smiths comp pct  49.2  and yds per att  6.8  vs blitz are almost identical to Mark Sanchez last year  49.7 comp pct ,  6.7 yds per att .Trent Williams' 5 year ,  66 million extension ,  including 43.25 million gtd ,  should make him NFL's highest paid OT . Peyton Manning will be 34 years old and Brady 33 for their next deals . Their guaranteed money will be more than their ages . Philadelphia's second round pick ,  FS Nate Allen ,  now looms as an even more important player for this season than he already was . RT @1WinningDrive @DanKolko Le'Ron McClain on Revis signing with Jets I'm glad they got him back so there won't be any excuses.Colts' starting CB Darius Butler is not traveling to London and is out for Sunday's game because of a hamstring issue ,  per @FieldYates . Texans announced they released TE Owen Daniels and CB Brice McCain . An ESPN NFL special #Facetoface with @hannahstorminTues ,  131.  9 pm Espn2. Sitdowns with Irsay ,  Suh ,  Newton ,  Rodgers . Good stuff . Update Chargers S Eric Weddle's helmet to helmet hit was on Giants TE Kevin Boss ,  who has gotten hit plenty this season . Let's not be Blount about this RT @SF49ers We have agreed to terms with 10 undrafted free agents . Here's the list  . RT @trigg684 What time is supplamental draft Monday  ?   ...  1 pm ET . And no ,  it's not televised ,  though ESPN'll have updates when warranted . NFL's salary cap now projected to rise to about 130 million ,  up 5 percent from 123 million last year ,  per league sources . More  for all . Former Jets LB Bart Scott is drawing interest from teams and intends to pick one this week . #Cantwait . And now ,  Colts have announced TY Hilton extension  . Buccaneers announced they signed QB Dan Orlovsky to a two year contract . Our adult Halloween is here . Again . Another Sunday . More football . And Favre is dressing up as a Viking . Cedric Benson has a Lisfranc foot injury expected to sideline him eight weeks and could end his season if doctors determine he needs surgery . RT @momokidd7 Do you think Morris claibornes wonderlic test affected his relationship with the bucs  ?   ...  No . He still goes in top 6 picks . Great documentary on HScollege football in Samoan community of Utah and the Islands . @TheRock producing ...  Minnesota claimed former Texans LB Xavier Adibi off waivers today . Raiders also put in claim ,  but Vikings had priority . RT @Pipefitter208 9 Billion is a lot of money to split .  ...  Sure is . And there are a lot of billable hours to pay ,  still . The next 10 days of free agency will help define the next 10 years in the NBA . So I'm now following co worker @ChrisBroussard . Me  ?  I'm guessing Belichick prefers a Pro Bowl safety with championship rings rather than a Pro Bowl less one who tweets about himself . 49ers announced they officially have signed RB Reggie Bush to a one year deal . Former Chiefs' WR Jeremy Maclin is leaving Buffalo and heading to visit Baltimore ,  per source . And Odell Beckham Jr . was the THIRD wide receiver drafted last May ... Panthers WR Devin Funchess ,  listed as questionable for Sunday vs . Vikings with a shoulder injury ,  is expected to play ,  per source . Anybody know the high profile man to my right  ?  @Happywalters  !  RT @TheeBrettMaher What's up @AdamSchefter Go Knicks  !  Jets spent 63.25 million today to sign OT D'Brickashaw Ferguson and G Vladimir Ducasse . Hope they have enough left over to buy a vowel . Dr . Robin West ,  Washington's new head physician ,  is the first female head physician in the NFL . The person accused of using a laser pointer at Sunday's Detroit Lions Buffalo Bills game has been identified and ...  Vikings S Andrew Sendejo suspended one game for a violation of safety related playing rules in Sunday's game against the Baltimore Ravens . Patriots RB Shane Vereen will be active for tonight's game . Patriots plan to ease him in after he has missed 2 plus months with wrist injury . Bengals claimed K Randy Bullock on waivers and cut Mike Nugent . Bullock kicks against former Steelers team Sunday . CB Eric Wright's deal with Tampa Bay 5 years ,  37.5 million ,  including 15.5 million guaranteed . Eagles QB Sam Bradford said he expects to play Sunday vs . Patriots . I'm told AWOL Osi U spoke this afternoon with Tom Coughlin ,  and the DE will be back at practice tomorrow . Issue is not   surprise   about .Like father like son Former Vikings Hall of Fame WR Cris Carter's son ,  Alabama WR Duron Carter ,  is signing with Vikings today . Panthers RB DeAngelo Williams is inactive today . Love a halftime tweet . RT @JoshCribbs16 I almost took it to da crib lol soooooo close ...  I'm having so much fun . A salute to author Khaled Hosseini for a fantastic job Just finished reading A Thousand Splendid Suns . It's now a star on my book shelf . Kudos to Cleveland . Mike Holmgren is going to have a hard time getting rid of Eric Mangini ,  who has done a great job . Truly an honor to take this picture Me and two of CBS' legends   Phyllis George and Irv Cross .  Seahawks call WR Doug Baldwin  groin  a game time decision Sunday night.Rams WR Sammy Watkins  concussion  expected to play vs Cowboys . Thanks to Gillette for bringing Devon to their  . Giants Vikings in Detroit at 720 EST . First Monday night game in Detroit in nearly a decade . #KnowThemFromAdam Two QBs with ties to Chicago and Denver ,  Jay Cutler and Trevor Siemian.LISTEN ...  Here's the roster spot for newly signed LB Cato June the Bears placed LB Pisa Tinoisamoa on injured reserve today . Quietly and quickly ,  Bears finalize deals with former Chargers WR Eddie Royal and former Giants S Antrel Rolle . Quality players ,  quality men . Now official from SF  . RT @GraysonRobb   @AdamSchefter you and Mort need to get in on C'mon man  !  &lt  Agreed  !  We love that segment  !  Tell @tunasweasel . Free agent cornerback Lito Sheppard is visiting the Detroit Lions tonight and tomorrow . Last year's treasure is this year's trash Broncos released defensive linemen Justin Bannan and Jamal Williams . National Car Rental announced it has secured naming rights to new NFL stadium proposed to be built on riverfront of downtown St . Louis . By being placed on IR ,  Colin Kaepernick now misses out on 125,000 in per game roster bonuses   a loss this season of 875,000.Steelers CB Ike Taylor fined 15,000 for head butting opponent . S Troy Polamalu fined 15,000 for horse collar tackle . Texans OT Duane Brown officially is being activated for Sundays game vs Seahawks ,  per source . Lions WR Nate Burleson broke his arm in an overnight car accident . Not sure where Denver is with Knowshon Moreno ,  but it's not close to deal with Robert Ayers . Tough talks . Vikings announced they have named Rick Spielman their general manager . Just like everyone suspected the unworthy 7 9 Seahawks turned out to be the only home team to win in the wild card round . Interesting stat on Broncos 49ers telecast Kyle Orton's career NFL record is 21 12 ,  Jay Cutler's is 17 20. And btw ,  Orton looking sharp . RT @BobLeyESPN I want to hug Herm Edwards when I see him in the newsroom ,  tell him I'm sorry he's been displaced from place in history . NFLPA filed a temporary restraining order in Texas ,  calling for the courts to block any suspension upheld by NFL arbitrator Harold Henderson . NFL is placing Giants kicker Josh Brown on the Commissioner's Exempt List ,  per @mortreport . Still waiting to see it RT @j1gorman @AdamSchefter that commercial gets better and better . @mortreport with the coffee spit freeze frame  !  OK ,  found out what happened with Pacman and Winnipeg . He tried to make it rain and it only snowed . So many served and sacrificed so much for us to be the nation we are today . So many continue to serve and sacrifice today . We salute them . As long as he stays healthy . RT @Hopher @AdamSchefter would u say thy Percy harvin is a shoe in for rookie of the year  ?  For those scoring at home ,  Rob Gronkowski now has had three arm surgeries since mid Nov .   none incurred from dancing as far as we know . Cowboys RB Ezekiel Elliott loses his attempt to block his six game suspension ...  Maurice . Classic . RT @stephenjnesbitt 1988 89 mug shots of @AdamSchefter and @RichEisen from Michigan Daily archives . What Syracuses hire of an ESPN executive tells us about college sports ...  Roger Goodell notified all 32 teams that longtime NFL administratorphysician Elliot Pellman is retiring Goodell decision ,  Pellman agreed . Statement from Browns EVP of Football Operations Sashi Brown on Josh GordonWeve been informed of the ...  Dolphins activated safety Reshad Jones off the non football injury list  NFI .NFL expected to announce today this year's participant for this summer's Hard Knocks ... Colts traded long snapper Thomas Hennessy to Jets in exchange for safety Ronald Martin . Guarantee in Patrick Willis' contract actually is 29 million ,  not 28. So the rich get richer . And as @MikeReiss reports ,  Broncos free agent LB Wesley Woodyard also is in New England . Patriots about to get busy . Packers Ha Ha Clinton Dix named NFLPA Community MVP after raising thousands for economically disadvantaged kids and schools in Wisconsin . So in back to back weeks ,  NFL's leading sacker and leading receiver either have been or are facing lengthy suspensions . Next  ?  Along with Packers RB James Starks and Jaguars TE Clay Harbor ,  Raiders WR Rod Streater also visiting Patriots today ,  per source . And so the first blockbuster trade of the week is shaping up to involve ... Percy Harvin . Imagine Harvin ,  Russell Wilson and Beastmode . Redskins will not attempt to fire Mike Shanahan for cause and withhold 7 million due for 2014. Contract is ironclad ,  per legal source . Patriots officially have activated RB Dion Lewis to 53 man roster ,  per @FieldYates . Adrian Peterson signed 7 year ,  96 million deal that could be worth 100 million w escalators . Includes 32 mill gtd ,  4 mill injury gt . Patriots now have won 14 consecutive road games ,  the 2nd longest streak in NFL history behind only the SF 49ers ,  wh  . This is outstanding ...  Very uncharacteristic ,  @wingoz . Back up off me ,  bro . 49ers' RB Reggie Bush will undergo season ending surgery Tuesday on his torn MCL ,  per sources . ACL was OK ,  but MCL was not . By Jan . 12 ,  NFL HC vacancies should be shrinking ,  not growing ... LeBron got Napalmed about as bad as any superstar ever has  . Stat of day via @adbrandt Bills paid WR Lee Evans a 1 million roster bonus and 100,000 workout bonus before trading him to Baltimore . Why not  ?  RT @RossTuckerNFL 1.5 hours on radio so far this AM & not one Steelers fan wants to match E . Sanders offer sheet . It's like 12 0.After a heroic fight with kidney disease ,  heart disease ,  dementia and for the last two years ,  stomach cancer ,  Alex Karras passed away . RIP . FWIW For the second straight day ,  RBs Steven Jackson and Jahvid Best did not practice . Story on SportsCenter this am worth watching Heisman runner up Trent Richardson takes a girl who is recovering from leukemia to the prom . RT @coriglos73 Lemme know when Flynn signs with @Seahawks . Hope we don't go more than 3 yrs .  ...  Don't get hopes up . My sense is Miami . Christmas in late April . Chiefs RB Jamaal Charles now officially a holdout . Who in KC doesn't want more money  ?  Derrick Thomas highlights   incredible the number of fumbles he caused . He flew around end faster than anyone I've ever seen . Like this idea   it's what should happen RT @les108 Are gloves and shoes going to be signed and sold with proceeds going to Sept 11 fund  ?  Another trade filed to ESPN Seattle traded guard Rob Sims to Detroit . So the Lions improve their offensive line . LSU's La'el Collins voluntarily pulling himself out of CHIC to return to La . to meet with police in effort to clear his name ,  per sources . For what it's worth  and it might be a lot to a certain WR  Sporting News' 2010 mock draft had Crabtree going 19th overall   4th WR chosen . Meant Super Bowl XLVIII   my fingers froze typing at the thought of it . Patriots re signed safety James Ihedigbo today . We're heading into the Monday witching hour ... So this is what it looks like when there's no snow on the ground . #TheBigD . Buccaneers TE Cameron Brate ,  questionable with a hip and knee injury ,  is expected to play Sunday vs Panthers ,  per source . St . Louis Rams are contributing 25,000 to help aid the relief effort in Joplin ,  Mo . Hope everyone pitches in whatever they can . Giants CB Eli Apple is 3rd OSU player to go in top 10. It's first time Ohio State has had 3 players selected in top 10 in Common Draft era . Thursday Blitz early Shopping for quarterbacks in 2015 ... Reunion week Bengals RB Larry Johnson plays against the Chiefs ,  Broncos S Brian Dawkins plays back in Philadelphia . The Colts have now won 21 consecutive regular season games ,  tying the 2006 08 New England Patriots for the longest streak in NFL history . NFL's VP of officiating Dean Blandino is expected to pull a Romo and go into TV a la @MikePereira ,  per sources . More money ,  less stress . The Days Of His Life ...  RT @NotoriousOHM Osi Umenyiora's agent says the DE will go to Atlanta to consult a specialist on his knee . Beware and be on the lookout for a life saving improvement ...  WR Calvin Johnson expected to be active . Question is how much Detroit will use him . RT @LisaMAC94 Why is @AdamSchefter wearing a tie while filling in on Mike & Mike  ?   ...  Because I have to go from here to Sportscenter  !  With their quarterback questions and uncertainties ,  Jaguars signed QB Patrick Ramsey to go along with recently re signed QB Todd Bouman . Dr . James Andrews told @mortreport that torn ACLs can and should be 9 12 month recoveries ,  which means there are no  . Just landed in DC . Unlike others ,  I'm showing up for the Redskins mandatory minicamp . Former Cardinals and current USC DC Clancy Pendergast not expected to return to school with 2 years left on contract ,  already on NFL radar . RT @NickBarnett I was told I'll be released today by the Bills . Thanks to all the great Fans and friends I have met in Western New York . Great night for Lou Holtz ,  who helped steer two players in one HOF class to Canton . WR Max McCaffrey   son of Ed ,  brother of Christian   ran 40 at Duke Pro Day in 4.36.  36 inch VJ ,  102 broad . Another McCaffrey NFL bound . Bears TE Zach Miller dislocated his knee . Tim Hasselbeck pays off bet by singing on SportsCenter  this is bad ,  as in good  . Bengals DE Antwan Odom has been suspended without pay for four games for violating the NFL policy on performance enhancing substances.Patriots signed punter Ryan Allen   who has longest punt in Super Bowl history   to a three year contract extension ,  per @seanstellato . How does he not start  ?  RT @OneRamsWay Bradford's numbers from past two games 21 of 28 ,  257 yards ,  three TD's ,  no INTs ,  138.5 QB rating . RT @PhinsRock You scared the crap out of me ... I did not read your whole tweet ,  and just saw Dick Lebeau ,  71 ,  shot ... Whoa . RT @SIRossTucker No names Aubrayo Franklin and Isaac Sopoaga join Justin Smith to give the Niners the best 3 man front in football . Panthers LB Luke Kuechly has been ruled out of Sunday's game vs Chargers still recovering from concussion . Steelers LB James Harrison was fined 25,000 for roughing the passer . RT @mortreport  Peyton Hillis will start ... Seneca Wallace #1 QB and Jake Delhomme #2 . Barring an unforeseen setback ,  Panthers expect WR Steve Smith to play today vs . the Saints . At pick 164 ,  in round 5 ,  Bengals draft QB A.J . McCarron . As @mortreport reported ,  do not look for the Patriots to pull the trigger on any deal for Broncos WR Brandon Lloyd . Deal there won't work . Hearing this was a punch to football's gut . NFL Films legend Steve Sabol is beginning treatment for brain tumor . Many thoughts and prayers . RT @wingoz Debut of NFL Insiders ,  and NFL LIVE on ESPN2 today due to Arod coverage . come join us for football ,  make @tunasweasel happy . Now that he has been traded to Houston ,  former Baltimore WR Derrick Mason will play against the Ravens for the second time in three weeks . If Colts could move on from Peyton Manning ,  they can move on from Reggie Wayne ,  and they can move on from anyone . On eve of draft ,  Minnesota makes a move . Free agent CB Lito Sheppard signed a one year ,  2 million deal with the Minnesota Vikings . RT @SNFonNBC Just in   Antonio Gates Active for tonight's game . #SNF . Hernandez trial adjourns for weekend . Judge calling weekend break . Reminds jury not to discuss case ,  particularly at Super Bowl parties . Watson missed . Missed  !  Four hole playoff with Stewart Cink . Gorgeous day kept waiting . Worth noting JPP never signed franchise tender ,  thus he is not under contract to Giants . Team showed up in Florida ,  but not welcomed there . Niners keeping busy Now they have signed their other first round pick ,  guard Mike Iupati ,  to a five year deal . One of my favorite days of the year   along with Opening Day ,  Super Bowl Sunday and Draft Day . Encouraging sign for Steelers WR Limas Sweed talking about how the game has slowed down for him . Steelers would like him to be #3 WR . The great Pat Kirwan had intriguing idea for the Ravens . Calls the Giants and trade for one of their receivers . N.Y . can't keep all of them . Bills announced they claimed and were awarded TE Mickey Shuler off waivers from the Oakland Raiders . If you had to guess ,  which two teams do you think will be playing in MetLife Stadium 6 weeks from today  ?  Gen . McChrystal approved the paperwork awarding Tillman a Silver Star for dying in the line of enemy fire.man  !  Jaguars placed guard Brandon Linder   who some have compared to a young Steve Hutchinson   on IR . Jets releasing WR Jeremy Kerley today . 49ers announced they have fired Jim Tomsula . RT @volquartsen Has Garrett done enough to win the job  ?   ...  Jerry can look around but it would be an upset if Garrett's not back as HC . For those following UFL and those who can't get enugh Florida Tuskers released quarterback Craig Nall to make room for Brooks Bollinger . Redskins waive QB Chase Daniel . QB Colt Brennan goes on IR with hammy . Filed to ESPN.com Washington's newest Over the Hill Gang WR is Joey Galloway ,  who reached agreement with Redskins on 1 year deal . Though WASH reached out to him last week ,  Vanderbilt HC James Franklin has no interview planned with Redskins . Sounds like PSU or Vandy . Mets are signing Tim Tebow to a minor league contract ,  an MLB source tells ESPN . Instructional League or Arizona Fall League next for Tebow . More good . RT @shalisemyoung Bill Belichick gave commencement address at Suffield Academy ,  with son Brian as graduate  . Jets have signed RB Chauncey Washington from the Dallas Cowboys practice squad . Not expecting him this week . RT @Blakemoran @AdamSchefter what's the word on Mike Bell  ?  Panthers coach John Fox says Matt Moore is feeling way better from his concussion and will start if healthy vs the Buccaneers . Hanson took a diuretic before last season's NFC Championship game ,  tested positive after game ,  and lost his appeal Tuesday . JJ Watt on the dislocated finger he suffered Sunday It's inside my body so that's all that matters . It's still attached.Denver and first round pick Robert Ayers are thisclose to reaching agreement . Just a couple of minor issues left to address . But thisclose . Lions announced they signed former Jaguars DT C.J . Mosley . South Carolina DE Jadeveon Clowney measured in at 6'5  ,  266 lbs ,  34  inch arms ,  83 inch wingspan . As Bill Polian said ,  Bruce Smith like.Cardinals DC Todd Bowles has withdrawn from consideration for Browns HC job ,  per source . Bucs RB Doug Martin said he will enter a treatment facility and receive the help I truly need.RT @FieldYates One reason Cleveland faces tough decision Alex Mack hasn't missed a single snap in NFL career . Not one . 5,150 out of 5,150.Packers have signed P Tim Masthay to a contract extension . After spending 2016 with Vikings ,  tackle Andre Smith will rejoin Bengals ,  where he spent first 7 seasons ,  per @JeffDarlington . RT @YepItsTheShow Giants need to dump Osi for a bag of skittles and move on . Too much negative energy .  ...  Yeah ,  really hurt them last year . Both WR Josh Huff and RB Knile Davis passed through waivers unclaimed . Illinois DT Josh Brent will be eligible for supplemental draft and will work out for NFL teams at Illinois football facility July 7.RT @BobGlauber fyi on tuck rule It's only used on an incomplete pass . Ball never hit ground . Play ruled a fumble ,  however ,  not an INT . Compensation update Miami is sending a 5th round pick in 2018 to New Orleans in exchange for LB Stephone Anthony ,  per source . Cameron Erving diagnosed with a pulmonary contusion and will remain in hospital overnight for observation . Richard Seymour is the Raiders first defensive tackle to be selected to the squad since the late Darrell Russell  2000 Pro Bowl .Former Bears center Olin Kruetz reached agreement with Saints . Paxton Lynch hasn't been home in over two weeks . Been to Clev ,  KC ,  Philly ,  NYJ ,  Dallas ,  SD ,  Ariz ,  Denver ,  Chicago and today ,  Bristol ,  CT . With X rays on his sprained ankle coming back negative ,  Packers' RB Eddie Lacy now hoping to play next Monday night vs Chiefs . And NBC thanks Judge Berman for ratings spike he just gave NFL regular season opener one week from tonight ,  when Tom Brady's under center . Dolphins owner Stephen Ross keeps throwing around extensions ,  this time a multi year deal for Miami's GM Jeff Ireland . RT @TheDoyonian No offense ,  but you look like Tim Tebow there . Six games tonight Saints at Ravens ,  Jets at Lions ,  Packers at Patriots ,  Redskins at Browns ,  Dolphins at Bears ,  Cowboys at Chargers . Aaron Rodgers' 61 yard TD to Richard Rodgers on Thursday is longest game winning ,  game ending Hail Mary in NFL history ,  per Elias . Though the designation technically no longer exists ,  Giants list WR Odell Beckham ,  Jr . as probable for Sunday . Should be out there . Those in attendance at last week's owners meetings in Boston came away convinced that an uncapped year in 2010 is inevitable at this point . Browns claimed linebacker Arnold Harrison on waivers from Pittsburgh and claimed wide receiver Jake Allen on waivers from Green Bay . Making nice  !  RT @ACromartie31  . RT @CorkOnTheNFL Raiders confirm that they have reached an agreement with Reggie McKenzie to be their general manager . My lone conversation with the late great Yankees PA announcer Bob Sheppard ,  who passed away today at age 99. RT @sbstlmo Are we to believe only Greg Williams' teams did this  ?  Per Jimmy Johnson this was common .  ...  Maybe . But Saints were caught . WR Donte Stallworth will sign a one year ,  900,000 deal with the Ravens ,  with another 300,000 to be made in incentives . Back page of todays NY Daily News  . RT @katiecouric Omg love my job ,  sitting next to Sting watching Elton John sing Madonna .   ...  Others wait for 50 ballots to be counted . Chicago Bears have agreed to terms with CB Charles Tillman on a one year contract . Edgerrin James needs 18 yards Sunday to move ahead of Marcus Allen  12,243 yards  and into 10th place on the NFLs all time rushing list . NFL will announce a Brett Favre decision on Jenn Sterger case within next 48 hours . He is expected to be disciplined . Which means WR Austin Collie is active . Browns requested permission for HC interview with Bengals OC Hue Jackson ,  per sources . Dolphins ,  49ers also in on Jackson . Colts press conference is confirmed for noon Wednesday . Will be a historic day . Year of the Streak Penguins have won 12 in a row ,  Heat have won 27 ,  Baylor women's b ball team 31 and Minnesota women's hockey team 49.So two picks after Dallas drafts Jaylon Smith at No . 34 ,  Jacksonville drafts Myles Jack at No . 36. Talented and injured LBs fly off board . Cowboys' DE Damontre Moore suspended two games for violating substance abuse policy . Jets chairman and CEO Woody Johnson told @JeremySchaap that his gut feeling is CB  Darrelle Revis will not play this season . NFL schedule maker now might want to redo some matchups before finalizing it  like ,  say ,  a Washington Philadelphia prime time game .NFL and NFLRA looking at text ,  expect to sign tonight or early am . There will be a regular referee union crew in Baltimore Thursday night . Bills WR Roscoe Parrish has a broken left wrist and is out for season . Andy Reid did not fly to Arizona last night as scheduled . Sammy Watkins now in a great position . If he plays up to his capabilities ,  he will be one of the most sought after free agents next winter . Texans fear No . 1 overall pick Jadeveon Clowney has a meniscus tear that could require arthroscopic surgery ,  per source . Patriots trade up to Denver's spot ,  take Alabama LB Dont'a Hightower . Denver gets Pats first ,  and 126 overall . My Wish Maya Moore.Broncos RB Knownshon Moreno officially inactive ,  as is CB Andre Goodman . Aaron Hernandez feature in Rolling Stone is terrific . All star work from @Ronborges and Paul Solotaroff ...  Bills WR Stevie Johnson inactive . Browns WR Josh Gordon entered rehab after arrest in NC ,  as @mikegarafolo reported . Gordon spent two weeks in rehab in California . Colts placed first round pick Malik Hooker  knee  on Injured Reserve List . True . MRI today   if he hasn't had it already . RT @JBrisco82 @AdamSchefter Did Antonio Cromartie really hurt his knee in practice  ?  !  Preparing for life after Tony Romo Former Browns' QB Josh Mccown is on his way to Dallas to visit Cowboys today ,  per source . Titans TE Delanie Walker ,  listed as questionable for today due to a calf injury ,  will play vs . the Browns ,  per source . Filed to ESPN Ronnie Brown to Detroit trade voided because RB Jerome Harrison had health issues . Brown still an Eagle ,  Harrison a Lion . Ravens get the CB they've been seeking Baltimore traded a conditional fifth round pick to Seattle for former Seahawks CB Josh Wilson . RT @bhofheimerespn @ESPN has 7 NFL analysts who were in Tuck Rule game 10 yrs today Mangini , Bruschi , Gruden , Allen , Ritchie , Rice , Woody . It's the Joe Buck Live show again ,  this time on FOX . With lightning delaying game ,  Buck and Troy Aikman are filling and talking football . Jeremy Maclin deal ,  that is . Agreement has been reached . Holdout over . Bonefish Grill   nice crabcake sandwich . On a scale of 1 to 10 ,  I'd give the meal eight footballs . Very good . Philadelphia has requested permission to interview Ravens linebackers coach Dean Pees for its vacant defensive coordinator job . RT @akaMRFANTASY Lets not forget about Sam Bradford .  ...  Said in earlier tweet ,  he's my OFF ROY   going away . New ESPN entry into Sunday morning TV coverage hour long ,  NFL Insiders ,  debuting at 10 am ,  filled with newsy nuggets and insights . A former high draft pick leaving the game ...  Chocolate ,  vanilla ,  strawberry   can't lose . RT @NicksVice when healthy who's the best Bob Sanders ,  Ed Reed or Troy Polamalu  ?  everyone ?  NFL considering fining Marshawn Lynch significantly more than 50,000 it fined him each of past two seasons for not speaking to the media . Eagles traded for Jacksonville pick ... This is how tenuous Julio Jones is for Sunday Spoke to two Falcons officials tonight   One thinks Jones plays vs Rams ,  the other doesn't . Dwight Freeney starting today . TE Coby Fleener active today . RT @nybigtymer The fine will be in the neighborhood of  ?   ...  Minimum of 25,000 ,  quite possibly plenty more . With win over San Diego ,  Raiders have clinched their first playoff appearance since 2002.Ravens were unable to work out a restructured deal for FB Vonta Leach and plan to try to trade or release him Tuesday . Bears announced they reached an agreement with Mel Tucker today ,  making him their defensive coordinator . Broncos will be missing S T.J . Ward ,  LB Brandon Marshall ,  TE's Virgil Green and A.J . Derby tonight vs KC.Chiefs missing LB Justin Houston . Bill Belichick shared some interesting thoughts today with @FieldYates on free agent QB Tim Tebow   . Now this is big time . RT @jksports Happy to report that @ESPNMichelle makes her debut as a guest on Letterman show tonight . Credit ESPN producer Judson Burch for this Steelers WR Mike Wallace catches game winning touchdown pass at the 60 minute mark . Redskins officially placed 22 year old safety Su'a Cravens ,  who is mulling retirement ,  on their ExemptLeft Squad list . Pick Denver traded to Philly for Mark Sanchez was a conditional pick   meaning Sanchez must make Denver's roster for Eagles to get pick . Cam Newton led NFL in week 1 in completions  6  and TDS  2  on throws of 21 yards downfield ,  via ESPN Stats & Information . 10 QBs had none . In the pre holiday shopping rushThe Chiefs get Darrelle Revis.The Lions get Dwight Freeney.Any other future H  . Eagles announced they officially signed Tim Tebow to a one year contract . Tom Brady 2 TD passes shy of tying Joe Montana for most in NFL playoffs ,  Bill Belichick 1 win from tying Tom Landry for most HC playoff wins . 7 busy reporting and scouting . RT @johnelway Da'Quan Bowers ,  Nick Fairley and Von Miller are among players we're bringing in this week . RIP ,  Twinkies . Panthers LB Thomas Davis is being suspended two games ,  per sources . He will appeal . This didn't take long Redskins and QB Donovan McNabb's agent ,  Fletcher Smith ,  have begun discussions for a contract extension . Let the countdown begin NFL Draft 50 days from today . But first ,  the small matter of free agency . Patriots released LB Brandon Spikes ,  per source . Wasted no time ... Interesting little factoid as New England and Denver are on standby Wes Welker was married last June ... in Aspen ,  Colorado . The NFL lost one of its most influential figures and the world lost a great man . RIP ,  Steve Sabol . With Tennessee beating Dallas ,  all four AFC South teams   Titans ,  Texans ,  Colts ,  Jags   are tied for first with matching 3 2 records . RT @TheSir What's your take on the Bills draft so far  ?   ...  Excellent . And they also can save money by eliminating their Northern scouts . A suggested alternative for Royal Baby ...  RT @jimjoyz should've went with Carlos Danger of Cambridge . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Browns officially announce Mike Pettine and Ray Farmer have been let go . Sign I have no life   never saw a single play of college football today ,  but now know Tony Moll was traded to Baltimore . On Easter Sunday ,  about 30,000 people are expected to attend the Celebration Church in Austin ,  Tx. ,  and hear Jets QB Tim Tebow preach . Rick Dennison in Houston Monday . He and Gary Kubiak are close friends . Close friends don't go on interviews ,  they go to accept jobs . While Cleveland closes in on an HC ,  Browns OC Brian Daboll spent today in Miami interviewing with Dolphins for their OC or QB coach job . Redskins S LaRon Landry done for the season with Achilles injury  Mike Shanahan says team will put him on IR . Jets TE Kellen Winslow suspended four games for violating the NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . Disappointing Eagles HC Andy Reid said first round pick Brandon Graham tore his ACL . Last day to enter #CourtyardSuperBowlContest #Ad for a chance at a #SuperBowlLI sleepover  . Rams running back Zac Stacy ,  listed as questionable with an ankle injury ,  is expected to start today vs . the Titans . Bucs WR Mike Williams looked good in walk through practice yesterday . Awaiting official word ,  but Bucs will be surprised if he doesn't go . Raiders' owner Mark Davis presented a 50,000 donation to Fred and Angela Biletnikoff to help prevent domestic violence and sexual assault . One more loss Pittsburgh will have to overcome Steelers OT Max Starks' high ankle sprain is expected to sideline him about one month . Ravens and former Patriots CB Kyle Arrington agree in principle to 3 yr deal ,  per NFL Agent Richard Kopelman.@KLASSSPORTS . Here's one in the conversation . RT @NickHannula Maybe the kidnapping of the Israeli athletes at the 1972 Munich Olympics  ?  What the gossip hounds are gossiping about . RT @NormClarke OMG  !  New twist to Tiger tale @ . Rams RB Todd Gurley is the first player since Calvin Johnson in 2011 to score 6 touchdowns in the first 3 games of the season . You've always been good to me   my pleasure RT @Rodneyh37 @AdamSchefter Thanks Adam ,  you helped me jump from 30 followers to 300 in 30min . Bears signed former Redskins veteran QB Todd Collins to a one year contract . At No . 132 ,  Rams select illinois TE Michael Hoomanawanui #nfldraft . Filed to ESPN Redskins placed first round tender on QB Jason Campbell . Tender is 110 percent of last year's base salary ,  over 3.1 million . Seahawks close to hiring John Schneider as their GM . Philly influence A pick 6 for Dolphins LB Kiko Alsono to go along with the INT from Miami CB Byron Maxwell ,  both former Eagles . Roger Goodell said on Mike and Mike this morning that the NFL will not take any further action against WR Riley Cooper . Bears told their nearly dozen HC candidates they plan to bring two finalists to Halas Hall this week for second round of interviews . Here's one issue on Goodell letter It's a 141M cap number ,  but after benefits ,  it's 114M for salary . NFLPA was at 127M two years ago . Ravens WR Steve Smith announced he will play in 2016. Retirement on hold . Chiefs LB Cameron Sheffield ,  who injured his neck Friday night ,  has been released from hospital with movement in all of his extremities . Eagles add five players to the practice squad today WR Chad Hall ,  RB Martell Mallett ,  C AQ Shipley ,  CG Dallas Reynolds ,  and DT Jeff Owens . Eagles RB Darren Sproles has a sprained MCL that could sideline him a couple of weeks ,  per HC Chip Kelly . Eagles have bye this week . Bengals' first round pick ,  CB Will Jackson III ,  tore his pec muscle ,  as @MikeGarafolo reported . His season now in jeopardy . Vikings have offensive coaches Tony Sparano and Pat Shurmur on staff ,  so there are replacements for Norv Turner . Rex Ryan had 1 year left on deal . His agreed to extension is for multi years . That ties Ryan to Jets for at least 3 more years ,  maybe more . On two Sundays ,  five weeks apart ,  we lost two tremendous ,  all time Tar Heels . Talk is cheap ,  except in this case Troy Polamalu was fined 10,000 for using a cell phone on the sideline during Sunday's game . Bills RB C.J . Spiller is scheduled to undergo an MRI on his left shoulder Monday ,  however his collarbone is intact and  . Dwight Freeney reunited with Lions HC Jim Caldwell . Ravens LB Ray Lewis has not missed a game since 2007 ,  but he is expected to miss Sunday vs . Bengals due to toe injury . RT @hotshooter  how likely in ur opin is the BatesCutler reunion in Chicago  ?  &lt  More likely than Charlie Weis or Mike Martz . Trent Dilfer on ESPN's SportsCenter I can't see the Patriots making the Super Bowl.On his first free agent visit this off season ,  former Bears returner Devin Hester is in Atlanta today visiting the Falcons ,  per source . RT @schadjoe Big East hired Paul Tagliabue today as special advisor . From me and Adam CaplanCincinnati and Bengals QB Andy Dalton reached agreement on a 6 year ,  115 million contract ,  per two sources . Giants at Vikings game on December 27 officially moved to Sunday Night Football . Talk about a rough year Former Broncos OC and Chargers HC Mike McCoy now has been fired twice in the past 10 months . Peter had a better press box seat than me . RT @DMWallace09 @SIPeterKing Who had the more camera time in the movie  ?  You or @AdamSchefter  ?  Saints reached agreement with S Jairus Byrd on a six year deal . This will be Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski's fifth surgery since November   four on his forearm and this on his back . Just like everyone predicted Cowboys 0 2 ,  Vikings 0 2 ,  Bears 2 0 ,  Chiefs 2 0 ,  Bucs 2 0.RT @ThaBadGuy Plaxico &gt Alex Smith and Maybin  ...  Lots of good Comeback Player of the Year suggestions . Chiefs announced on Monday that the club has signed safety Husain Abdullah . Friday 10 Spot Vick might be returning to Atlanta ,  Falcons are home for holidays ,  Tom Brady's streak ,  more  . Seattle Seahawks have terminated the veteran contract of wide receiver Early Doucet . truly . So far this NFL postseason ,  nine games . Seven blowouts . Trade official Eagles acquire 2018 4th round draft pick from New England for CB Eric Rowe . As we sensed last night ... RT @duffstar Mason coming back . One thing clear from Jets players ,  coaches ,  administrators   they all love Rex Ryan . Part is change from last year ,  but more is his makeup . Dennis Green said what Thunder must think They are what we thought they were ,  and we let them off the hook !  NFL also moved the Giants' fourth round pick in the 2017 draft to the back of the fourth round ,  after all compensatory draft picks . Doctors determined Browns QB Brandon Weeden has sprained rt thumb that will not need surgery . Weeden could be ready as early as next week . I expect Smith to be fined by tomorrow ,  not sure on DHall . RT @jrniemeyer @AdamSchefter Any official word on DHall and Mike Smith  ?  Dangerous  !  Chip Kelly has decided not to take Buccaneers offer . Its a no go ,  said a source close to Kelly . His heart is still with Oregon.Filed to ESPN Former Jaguars DT John Henderson reached agreement Friday with the Raiders on a one year deal . Nice late pickup for Oakland . Hey ,  I like people who went to Notre Dame . RT @alexcwilliams @AdamSchefter you went to Michigan  ?  I was just starting to like you . Cowboys TE Jason Witten has signed a four year extension through 2021 ,  per @toddarcher . May outlast Brady . Johnny Manziel will be Browns' third quarterback Monday night ,  behind starter Josh McCown and Austin Davis . Jameis Winston laments 'poor word choice' in elementary school speech . Saints' CJ Spiller underwent arthroscopic knee surgery Friday in Pensacola ,  Fla ,  but is expected back for regular season opener ,  per source . Peyton Manning and Broncos are near agreement on new contract for the 2015 season in which he will take 4 ...  The background story on Patriots' new star RB Jonas Gray ,  via @LeeSchechter.Can't decide if it's real   guess we'll see soon enough   but there are people who believe Cleveland will take CB Kyle Wilson at No . 7.Rex loves his Jets Bills signed former Jets CB Ellis Lankaster . Chargers QB Philip Rivers is now in concussion protocol . Jeremy Geathers ,  who played in Arena League and was son of Jumpy Geathers ,  was struck and killed by a limo in Las Vegas on Sat . He was 30.To be precise ,  Joe Flacco's deal with Ravens will clock in at six years and 120.6 million ,  a bit more than Drew Brees' in almost every way . And as Al Michaels pointed out ,  Patriots don't have to play again on road till Tom Brady returns from his suspension . Please send best C'mon ,  man !  suggestions   terrible plays ,  not decisions   to @tunasweasel . Best ones play during Monday Night Countdown . Herm Edwards' RANTS on some of the selfish players in today's game . Panthers special teams coach Bruce DeHaven still embracing work after terminal diagnosis ...  Sounds like Broncos HC Josh McDaniels is optimistic about QB Kyle Orton's chances of being ready Sunday vs Cincy . Orton progressing well . This game is as meaningful to Kansas City as yesterday's win was to Houston . Salvation Army reports 182K in online donations  61% increase  over 12.5 hours since Ezekiel Elliott's kettle dive ,  per @darrenrovell .  . Texans WR Andre Johnson left today's practice with a strained hamstring ... what sometimes happens with players who hold out . Looks and feels like Upset Sunday ... Tight end news Pats closing in on deal with Rams free agent TE Daniel Fells . Former Pats TE Benjamin Watson to visit Browns on Wednesday . Falcons WRs Julio Jones  knee  and Roddy White  ankle  ,  both listed as questionable for today vs . Rams ,  are expected to play . Despite being listed as questionable with a hamstring injury ,  Cardinals DT Darnell Dockett is expected to play tonight vs . Rams . So with his new arrangement ,  @TimTebow now becomes the first Jockey pitchman since former Orioles pitcher Jim Palmer . Billie Jean King to ESPN's LZ Granderson Michael Sam's quest to play in the NFL may have hit a roadblock today ...  RT @hahaguy92 Would you consider what you do to be your dream job  ?   ...  Love my job . But actually want @tunasweasel's job . A classy sendoff for former Jets RB Thomas Jones . Early fun fact of the day Winner of today's Jets Bills game has first place to itself in AFC East . RT @PhillyBrett What are the chances T.O . will reconnect w Mcnabb in Washington  ?   ...  It would surprise me . Falcons S William Moore inactive again . Steve Smith ,  Brandon LaFell ,  Ted Ginn all gone from Carolina now . And left at WR for the Panthers is ... RT @stacysass My friends keep texting me Shanahan is in DC ,  close to a deal .  ...  False . Just hung up with him and Mike is happily in Denver . Cardinals QB coach Freddie Kitchens underwent nine hours of heart surgery last night next 24 hours considered critical for his recovery . Ocho  ?  RT @allamericanpaul Don't forget Greg Jennings .  ...  Nope . A top free agent . Great player and character . RT @OurandSBJ Woods' 1st 1 on 1 interview was with ESPN's Tom Rinaldi today . Taped piece should be on ESPN after 7p tonight . Scout Tyrann Mathieu pound for pound best player at Cards camp ... Chiefs are giving QB Nick Foles a one year deal plus a team option for a 2nd year ,  per source . Cowboys' hunt for a backup QB goes on . For those who stayed up for triple OT playoff game ,  the Blackhawks Twitter account offers lateness excuse note  . Jaguars agreed on a 1 year deal with former Raiders C Stefan Wisnewski ,  per league source . As he turns 32 today ,  RB Adrian Peterson remains unsigned ,  looking for a new team . FWIW ,  being told WR Randy Moss is open to returning to Minnesota . Whether it happens is anyone's guess . Now players will be assigned to teams through the Pro Bowl Draft  really . Jerry Rice and Deion Sanders will be draft captains . An update from Washington . RT @EricStangel MLB Stephen Strasburg  3 IP ,  1 H ,  6 K . Between innings Stephen started dating Kate Hudson . RT @mortreport If Vincent Jackson wants out of SD ,  may have to take a 1 yr deal @ 4 to 6 mil ,  prove himself to new team . Vikes talking . Mario Williams missed team meeting this past week ,  per source . Williams told Bills he was sick ,  not everyone there believed it . Mort's The Man . Browns net of 2 draft trades WR Corey Coleman ,  3rd rd ,  two 4th rd ,  2017 1st rd & 2018 2nd rd from Eagles . And still 11 picks left . RT @AlexJB1 @AdamSchefter what you think if Hoge's article defending RMoss  ?   ...  I'm a Moss supporter   one of the all time receivers . Ezekiel Elliott ,  in his 22nd NFL game ,  has 21 rushing TDs ,  tying Barry Sanders and Billy Sims for 3rd fastest to reach 20 career rushing TDs . Mort & Schefter's Week 9 notebook What if the Chargers had traded Rivers for Mariota ? Panthers presser at 5 p.m . to introduce Ron Rivera as Carolina's next head coach . Interesting comment from QB Kirk Cousins I'm sure Mr . Snyder and Robert and those people will have a lot of input as to who the hire is.This is tremendous . Tremendous . From @Edwerderespn DeMarcus Ware has requested Cowboys decide future before free agency today at 4 ET . Unsure of Cowboys response . Planning to sign and actually signing are two different things . As Houston and Pierre Thomas prove . With 4 pm deadline approaching ,  no team has been willing to sign Steelers RFA WR Mike Wallace to offer sheet . Return to Pitt official at 4.now . Golden State to the Finals.Kevin Durant to free agency . This just in from NFL Michael Vick reinstated on conditional basis . He can practice and play in final two preseason games . Dungy his mentor . Giants 17 point win was largest margin of victory ever posted by a visiting team to eliminate a defending Super Bowl champ  via Elias .Bucs announced they cut RB Derrick Ward . Promiton for Bucs RB and fantasy sleeper Kareem Huggins . John Clayton reports that NFL teams were granted the right to sign undrafted players Monday night . So dealings are underway . Patriots named Tedy Bruschi honorary Super Bowl captain for Sunday's coin toss Seahawks going with former standout S Kenny Easley . So Chris Ivory and TJ Yeldon will share backfield in Jacksonville . Jeff Fisher and Brian Schottenheimer met until about 1045 ET and will meet again Monday . No offer of OC job was made yet but one likely . And now the Ravens have clinched the AFC North title and  the No . 2 seed and the Steelers are the No . 5 seed . RT @bhofheimerespn Our @adamschefter tells his side of @PTI Picture gate. RT @GeoMicRod RT I have one of those in my kitchen . @AdamSchefter Mens room in Jets offices has Urine Color Chart above urinal 2 meas  ... Philip Rivers is last quarterback from his trumpeted class   Eli Manning ,  Ben Roethlisberger   that hasn't signed 100 million extension . Filed to ESPN Colts are fielding telephone calls from teams interested in trading for perennial Pro Bowl defensive end Dwight Freeney . Peyton Manning wondering why @mortreport and I are sticking out our chins on our buses was Best Bus Byte and as funny as his SNL skits . A Jaguars official said WR Mike Sims Walker is not expected to play today vs . Miami due to a calf injury . Saints tried out three defensive linemen today   nose tackles Chuck Darby and Rodney Leisle and defensive end Orpheus Roye . Raiders set NFL single game record with 23 penalties . More change for Bucs   Jim Bates out as defensive coordinator ,  Raheem Morris takes over D . Bates now lame duck . Talk about wild 11 months . Alabama players flying off board . With 36th overall pick in round 2 ,  Jaguars draft former Alabama RB TJ Yeldon . When the Jets report to camp today ,  C Nick Mangold will receive a 2.4M reporting bonus ,  the largest such bonus in the NFL ,  per @FieldYates . Panthers GM Dave Gettleman's son is graduating Becker College in Worcester ,  Mass . So he's actually drafting via Skype . Very 2014.Jets waived RB Jonathan Grimes ,  cut DT Daniel Muir . Lions cut CB Justin Miller ,  Pats cut LB Bobby Carpenter ,  Dolphins cut Anthony Armstrong . Now who would have guessed that Tiki Barber would unretire before Brett Favre . A blow to Washington's defense Redskins S LaRon Landry is out today . Giants announced they re signed Stevie Brown ,  who played for them from 2012 14.Raiders cut FB Marcel Reece . And yet another preseason injury . They're piling up . RT @DetroitLionsNFL Unfortunate news DeVries out for the year . Bills RB Marshawn Lynch is in Buffalo ,  will be participating in the Bills' OTAs ,  and is expected to attend Thursday's OTA session . Shaun O'Hara's lookalike ,  Colts C Jeff Saturday ,  underwent arthroscopic knee surgery today . Could miss at least a couple preseason games . Jets inviting fans to watch the team practice in their new stadium on June 16th . Gates open 930 am ,  practice kicks off 1130 am . In the first half of the Packers' past four home games ,  they have outscored their opponents 128 6.Feels like rookie day in NFL . Six rookie QBs start Tim Tebow ,  John Skelton ,  Jimmy Clausen ,  Colt McCoy ,  Sam Bradford ,  Joe Webb . Thursday Blitz The rise of the Cleveland Browns ... RT @StayOnBoard Does NFL still ban draft picks for head coaching trades  ?  &lt  No coaching trades . But owner can offer to pick up contract . And with Dallas paying Greg Hardy 11.3 million ,  makes it incredibly difficult to now acquire Adrian Peterson . After KC's win last night ,  @numberFire's algorithms say Chiefs now have a 57.3% chance of winning the AFC West . RT @judybattista hCG is a well known masking agent . It's what Manny Ramirez got nailed for . RT @BShah23 The guy who gets the shaft on the Bradford deal is Jake Locker ... next year's #1 picks . Talk about a day late and dollar short . Former Raiders RB Michael Bush agreed to terms with Bears 4 yrs ,  14m ,  7 guaranteed . Don't know how Brandon Marshall story will turn out ,  but it sounds to me like his options are limited . Play or get fined not to . On Nov . 27 ,  NFL flexed KC at DENVER into Sunday night spot and flexed out Patriots at Jets . Apparently ,  Ochocinco is a good storyteller ,  which we already knew . RT @aw3som3sauc3 that's not his ... Eagles are trading CB Eric Rowe to Patriots for OL Josh Kline and a draft pick ,  league sources tell @MikeReiss and me . Trouble brewing in San Diego RT @Attitude471@AdamSchefter Merriman arrested ...  Happy birthday to @UberSoc ,  a mere 97 years younger than Fenway Park . Jalen Ramsey scheduled to meet Dr . Andrews this week . Surgery likely ,  but team believes ,  as of now ,  he'll be back before opener vs . Packers . Browns claimed former Ravens 6th rd pick Cedric Peerman and former Rams tackle Phil Trautwein on waivers . Will need to cut two players ... i say we put Jim Brown and Martellus Bennett in a room and ,  you know ,  see what happens . As @RoobCSN reported ,  Eagles interviewed former Ravens HC Brian Billick on Monday for their HC job . LB Takeo Spikes reached agreement with the Chargers . It's 1st year Conf Champ Games feature 4 QBs   Aaron Rodgers ,  Matt Ryan ,  Ben Roethlisberger ,  Tom Brady   with at least 200 career Pass TDs . RT @wingoz Might i suggest 127 hours.  ...  Might I suggest that ,  if the lockout continues ,  we become ESPN's Siskel and Ebert  ?  Today's back page of the NY Post ...  Actually showing my mom how Twitterverse works and seeing if she will get on . Momma Schefter might be twittering soon . Bud Adams Vince Young will not be on our roster next season . Dallas would make some sense . Jerry Jones loves taking on troubled players ,  especially when they make a splash . None could do that like Vick . Aaron Rodgers' new ,  record deal is expected to be a five year extension ,  tying him to Packers through the 2019 season . Bears announced they were unable to sign LB Brian Urlacher and are moving in another direction . Browns' Myles Garrett tweaks ankle in practice could miss opener.Peyton Manning cleared to play . Numbers on Brandon Lloyd are in . RT @RonBorges Lloyd deal upside could make contract 3 years ,  15.5M max . likely 3 years 12M . Cortland Finnegan was fined a total 10,000 for two separate violations   a major facemask in the 2nd quarter and a late hit in the 3rd . RT @Bumpshredder13 he was also fined 4 game checks ,  according to the @espn alert I just received .  ...  ESPN alert is spot on . Raiders QB Matt Flynn restructured his deal ,  increased 2013 base salary from 5.25 million to 6.5 million   all guaranteed . Steelers RB coach Kirby Wilson ,  who sustained burns in a housefire Jan . 6 ,  remains in a medically induced coma in a Pittsburgh hospital . Who has it better than the Harbaugh's  ?  Rams now have requested HC interviews w Buffalo's Anthony Lynn ,  and New England coordinators Matt Patricia and Josh McDaniels ,  per sources . Jaguars signed DT Nate Collins off Giants practice squad today and placed veteran DE Aaron Kampman on injured reserve.DVR .  ... Bengals waived rookie LB Hardy Nickerson ,  opening a roster spot for LB Vontaze Burfict ,  who will make his season debut Sunday vs . Browns . Jets traded Derrick Mason for an If pick . If Mason catches 33 or more passes for Texans ,  Jets get a 7. If he doesn't ,  they get nothing . Just in @sportstrust informed that Patriots' LB @zeus30hightower will not be given franchise tag . Hightower now expected to test market . Panthers TE Greg Olsen is calling for NFL to suspend Bengals LB Vontaze Burfict for intentionally trying to injure him and QB Cam Newton . Halftime show of Super Bowl XLVII is Beyonce ,  NFL announced today . Here's 1 idea to help replace Calvin Pace Willie McGinest . Might be a nice signing and prevent Jets from leaning on Vernon Gholston . Browns HC Hue Jackson targeting Tennessee's Ray Horton as his DC ,  but uncertain whether Titans will grant permission to leave ,  per source . When No . 1 overall picks Andrew Luck signs with Indianapolis ,  it is expected to be a four year deal worth just over 22 million . No Adam Jones in Week 1. No Vontaze Burfict ,  pending appeal ,  for 5 weeks . Bills WR Percy Harvin ,  listed as questionable ,  suffered more migraines this week and is not expected to play Sunday vs . Jaguars ,  per source . Big move in San Diego to help replace Vincent Jackson . RT @espnafcwest Chargers add Robert Meachem  . WR Reggie Wayne asked to be released ,  according to source . Wade Phillips on whether Raiders P Shane Lechler can hit Cowboys scoreboard Oh ,  I don't think he's gonna hit it if he kicks it ,  . Falcons waived LB Prince Shembo ,  after he was arrested for killing his girlfriend's dog ,  as @ZachKleinWSB reported . Atlanta wasted no time . Inside the Game Tour  Ultimate All Access Pass   Montana ,  Elway and Marino and more  !  Head to NY ,  Philly and Provide ...  Radio City Music Hall chanting ,  Michael Sam  !  Michael Sam  !  Michael Sam ! Former Cowboys LB Dan Connor signed a one year deal with Giants . @ProFootballTalk also reports Louis Murphy got 1 yr deal with Giants . New York LB Gerris Wilkinson now joins DT Jay Alford ,  S Kenny Phillips and RB Andre Brown as the fourth Giant on injured reserve . Like the Saints wore last year and Cowboys are wearing this year ,  just ordered my PPM mouthguard from  . Former Broncos WR Rod Smith ,  better for reporters than DBs to cover ,  will serve as honorary captain for AFC Championship Game vs . Patriots . Rams make history . Michael Sam is a Ram . Mike Tannenbaum signed a five year extension and Rex Ryan signed a two year extension . Both now under contract through 2014.Broncos believe quarterback Trevor Siemian is ready for prime time . Vikings have exercised 5th year options on LT Matt Kalil and S Harrison Smith ,  per team . Browns placed LB Jamie Collins Sr .  knee  on injured reserve . Mike Tomlin on sideline tablets Weve had some technological issues on the sidelines ,  particularly in recent years ,  so thats nothing new . Best available RT @seniorbowl RB Johnathan Franklin . FB Kyle Juszczyk . TE Mychal Rivera . WR Quinton Patton ,  Chris Harper . OL Brian Schwenke . next . Gametime decision but my hunch is he doesn't play . RT @ptrain1980 @AdamSchefter any word on Calvin Johnson . Rich McKay will be suspended from Competition Committee beginning April 1. He may petition for reinstatement no sooner than June 30.More bad QB news for Detroit . RT @espnnfcnblog Update Shaun Hill's season in jeopardy    . Bills in camp today ,  but no other team has its veterans reporting until Wednesday ,  when the Cowboys ,  Eagles ,  Pats and others check on in . Green Bay signed linebacker Desmond Bishop to a four year 19 million contract extension . Contributions for Keon can be sent to Kenny McKinleys Trust Fund ,  co NFL Players Assoc. ,  1133 20th Street ,  NW ,  Washington ,  DC 20036 . With Wade Phillips out ,  LB coach Reggie Herring will call Houston's defense . Herring coached Phillips LBs from 2008 10 in Dallas . NFL owners discussing ,  and possibly voting ,  on rule change that move touchbacks to 25 yard line from the 20 could be voted on Wednesday . RT @ConanOBrien Larry Kings retiring after hosting for 25 years . Personally ,  I think hosting anything longer than 7 months is overkill . Houston gave Derek Newton a 5 year ,  26.5 million deal ,  including 10m gtd 13.75M in first 2 and 17M in first 3. Not bad for a 7th rd pick . Broncos signed running back Jeremiah Johnson from their practice squad and placed defensive tackle Ty Warren on injured reserve . ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown has kicked off . Seattle Seahawks defensive end Patrick Kerney has retired from the NFL ,  the team announced today . Watson  ?  Byron Leftwich gets another start for Bucs in second preseason game . If he plays well ,  he'll be tough to dethrone . Ole Miss QB Chad Kelly left his day today after 12 throws ,  holding his hand . George Bodenheimer wrote great Father's Day book Every Town Is A Sports Town . All proceeds to @TheVFoundation  . Ravens traded 7th round pick in 2017 to Rams for WR Chris Givens . Baltimore needed WR with Steve Smith nursing back injury ,  Perriman down . Here's video of Dante Fowler's injury . Judge for yourself ...  Johnny Manziel statement from agent Erik Butkhardt Johnny and his roommate had been out to dinner earlier in ...  Colts officially placed WR Reggie Wayne on IR . And the man who had played in 189 straight games is done for season . RT @tennesseetitans Reports from The Tennessean  . RT @MoveTheSticks I know a college scouting director that likes Gerald McCoy better than Suh . I prefer Suh but McCoy is a big time stud too . Here are the newly shaven and beautifully bald Chuckstrong Colts  Andrew Luck didn't shave his neck hair . Vince Young   wow . Wow . Wow . Best game of the day . Easily . RT @mortreport The Manning story  . For those that desire to read more on state of talks . RT @espn NFL files charge against NFLPA with labor board    . He's listening ,  isn't he  ?  RT @vanetti210 @AdamSchefter You know shanahan..would he even consider the Bills  ?  Too much Hachette Book Group says it is publishing Jeremy Lin The Reason for the Linsanity ,  by Timothy Dalrymple . Due in stores in May . Last night's final score Cowboys 1 ,  Bengals 1. Cowboys TE John Phillips might have torn ACL ,  Bengals RB Brian Leonard sprained his foot . RT @bline4182 How good is josh freeman  ?  If we did last years draft over would he b #1 ?   ...  Believe he'd go ahead of Stafford and Sanchez . Bills first rounder Aaron Maybin will sign a five year contract today . And then there were 2 left   OT Andre Smith and WR Michael Crabtree . Just watched the names of the 911 victims being read on TV . Saw only the G's ,  H's ,  I's and J's   in 45 minutes . Beyond heartbreaking . Good news for the Michigan Wolverines . NFL fined Patriots DL Myron Pryor 7,500 for hit on Brett Favre that resulted in stitches in his chin . Vikings' plane skidded off runway ,  team stuck for hours ,  before Fire Dept . got them ...  Great military homecoming ,  featuring @RickieFowler ,  during today's Quicken Loans National at TPC Potomac . Hold off on Glover Quin's agreement with Detroit . Another source said ,  Not so fast . Situations in free agency ,  as we see ,  can be fluid . Patriots' Nate Ebner taking leave to chase Olympic rugby . Browns are releasing WR Kenny Britt ,  per source . He will go on waivers ,  and he is expected to go unclaimed and then  . After missing the past four games with a toe injury ,  Baltimore LB Ray Lewis will practice this week and Ravens expect him to play vs . SD . Despite sitting out Wednesday's practice with a foot injury ,  Lions WR Calvin Johnson is expected to play Sunday night vs . SF . ESPN The Magazine cover story   Carson Wentz takes flight.Browns have lost another free agent ,  this time special teams standout Johnson Bademosi ,  who reached agreement on 2 year deal with Lions . Arizona ,  then SF . RT @raclima78 @AdamSchefter  How would u rank da nfc west teams n who will make da playoffs  ?  steakhouses . KC likes Johnny Manziel . But Chiefs also attempting to trade back in draft . Alternate Seahawks logo puts fans 'face to beak' with team's mascot ...  And now WFAA ,  ESPN's ABC affiliate in Dallas ,  has confirmed that a Dallas Grand Jury is indicting Johnny Manziel . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . On July 4 ,  remembering Steve McNair RT @richarddeitsch Examining the woman forever linked to McNair  . To fill their roster spots ,  the Redskins signed linebacker Alvin Bowen and defensive end Rob Jackson from its practice squad . Former Cowboys ,  Broncos ,  Jags DE Jeremy Mincey announced his retirement had offers ,  choose to retire .QB Luke McCown has signed with the Atlanta Falcons . So on it goes . Denver adds WR Emmanuel Sanders ,  New England adds WR Brandon LaFell . NFLPA's @GeorgeAtallah categorized talk of deal like this Perception was we were really really close the reality is we really weren't..The latest on the labor talks from @morteport ,  who has all the details of the NFL's gameplan . RT @mmalone95 How much you wanna bet Chiefs pick him up  ?   ...  I wouldn't take that bet . Neal as a Chief makes a lot of sense . Football school Lions G Laken Tomlinson is 3rd Duke player selected in 1st round ,  joining Mike Junkin in 1987 and Bob Matheson in 1967.What team has a better trio of LBs than Bruschi ,  Derrick Brooks and Tom Jackson  ?  RT @swflsprtsfan What about TJ  ?  Great LB in his hayday . Bears signed DE Charles Grant to a one year contract and terminate the contract of vested veteran DE Mark Anderson.Bucs said Jameis Winston will start Sunday vs Packers . Philadelphia Eagles announced they have released DE Jason Babin . RT @McClainonNFL Andre Johnson suffered a slight groin injury and was taken out of practice as a precaution ,  according to Gary Kubiak . When Andre Smith reported to Bengals ,  he weighed 364 pounds   30 above his normal playing weight . But he's already lost six pounds   to 358 . Athletes for Impact kneels in solidarity with Colin Kaepernick  . Ahhh ...  RT @chrisdhslsu 8 perfect innings now for the Detroit pitcher . First time all season the Packers have trailed in the fourth quarter . For what it's worth Browns president Mike Holmgren and head coach Eric Mangini are scheduled to hold their major meeting 2 p.m . RT @corcoran310 Yes ,  and he picked 'Nova to go to final 4. Not a good day for the tournament picker in chief . So Rams are at Browns . Johnny Manziel will play with backups ,  vs . Michael Sam . Should Sam sack Manziel tonight ,  Twitter could implode . Coach Ditka putting his 13 0 Monday night picks record and pursuit of perfection on the line with ... the Arizona Cardinals . When Giants finalize deal for former Rams CB Janoris Jenkins ,  it's expected to be for five years ,  62.5 million ,  per source . Ka ching another royalty check in the mail for my riveting role in The Longest Yard . Honestly don't know how to spend this 7.81.Bills are planning to bench QB Tyrod Taylor vs Jets on Sunday to start EJ Manuel ,  per league sources . This is a ...  Next 4 tweets are videos fans made vying for a trip to Super Bowl 50. Vote for your favorite for a chance to win a 500 Courtyard gift card . My argument on why the Redskins job is a good one . Rams signed Pro Bowl P Johnny Hekker to 6 year ,  18 million extension ,  including 9 million guaranteed ,  highest guarantee given to a P or K . Vikings officially activated QB Teddy Bridgewater and placed QB Sam Bradford on injured reserve . Matt Roth has agreed to a 1 yr deal with the Jaguars for 3,000,000.Bills plan to give new head coach more power within organziation . Broncos reported Von Miller's failure to appear in court for traffic violations to NFL office this week . Now a legal matter . Jets released QB Tim Tebow ,  as  @BrianCoz reported . Teams that report to camp today Ravens ,  Broncos ,  Jaguars ,  Patriots ,   Jets ,  Falcons ,  Panthers ,  Bears ,  Saints ,  Eagles ,  Bucs ,  Redskins . Deal for DHB and Colts is for one year ,  up to 3 million . An interesting concept   a game rating for every NFL head coachs game management performance ,  a coachs version of  . Cooley update . RT @thecooleyzone 3 pins go in the ankle tomorrow . Hopefully be back in 4 weeks . Thanks for all the support . A sad story we haven't heard the last about   former Cowboys TE Jay Novacek's wife found dead . Updated Andy Reid to Chiefs story ,  with the two men most likely to be his GM in Kansas City .    . Intriguing question ...  RT @TheCoverTwo why was Moss cut before Tom Brady's hair  ?  NFL and NFLPA engaged in settlement talks that will reduce Vincent Jackson's suspension from 6 to 5 or 4 games in event he is traded . Raiders will try to restructure QB Carson Palmer's contract ,  scheduled to pay him 13 million this season . Palmer could take Vick like hit . Former Cardinals DT Darnell Dockett signed a 2 year deal with the 49ers ,  per Rosenhaus . Cleveland will be a CB . I suspect Joe Haden over Kyle Wilson . Forget about Sun in Buffalo . Bills will be hard pressed to get stadium ready for the next home game  Sun . Nov . 30 vs Browns  ,  per source . So Patriots have fortified secondary with Aqib Talib and Adrian Wilson while Miami has added Mike Wallace ,  Brandon Gibson and Dustin Keller . Browns LB Chris Gocong agreed to a three year ,  16.8 million contract extension . Jags RB Maurice Jones Drew after Jax won on improbable Hail Mary I assume we're going to the ESPYs this summer for play of the year.So former Raiders QB Terrelle Pryor now will be Russell Wilson's backup in Seattle . Browns QB Robert Griffin III suffered a concussion Saturday . Details and structure of Andy Dalton's deal will be critical . But he now is tied to Cincinnati for next six seasons . Official Statement from Joey Bosa's representativesIt is unfortunate the San Diego Chargers have decided to ...  Colts giving Jabaal Sheard a three year deal for 25.5M ,  including 12.75M guaranteed ,  per source . #KnowThemFromAdam A trip down memory lane ,  and everywhere ,  with @colts owner @jimirsay. LISTEN  . Marvin Lewis said AJ McCarran will start Monday Night vs Denver . When Roger Goodell and Co . returned to Washington last night to meet with George Cohen ,  they discussed an extension of CBA talks . Talks bw Cowboys and G Brian Waters haven't worked out so far ,  and may not ,  but he's still willing to play for Dallas or elsewhere . Eagles announced a 5 year contract extension for RB LeSean McCoy . Newspapers are dying slow death . Now this Larry Weisman has left USA Today to become Editorial Director of the Redskins Media Department . Expected ,  but soon to be official Browns will name Robert Griffin III their starting QB ,  per @BobHoltzmanESPN . tweeting . Titans need to sign a punter now that Craig Hentrich has a calf strain . And yes ,  A.J . Trapasso   The Scoreboard Punter   is an option . A night like this after an off season like this is nothing short of refreshing . There have been 6 primetime games played through 1st 2 weeks . Margin of victory3.3 points per game . An NFL official said the appeals for the Saints ,  Sean Payton ,  Joe Vitt and Mickey Loomis are scheduled to be heard Thursday . The paint that was applied today on middle of field ,  and in endzones ,  has congealed would be like playing on tar.Game now doubtful . Two more veteran WRs released this am Brian Hartline and Harry Douglas . Free agent WR group grows . Steph Curry heals as quick as Julian Edelman . Redskins ,  Eagles ,  Giants all tied for NFC East lead ... at 5 7. Dallas one game out . RT @albertbreer I've not given up on Brady Quinn . Josh McD will be great for him . Remember how much he got outta Cassel . Big RT @MaioccoCSN Looks as if Dez Bryant will get 71 days more of preparation for his first regular season game than Michael Crabtree . 2017 NFL draft order set for top 20 . BB on TB . RT @MikeReiss Here is the Q&A ,  in context ,  from Bill Belichick today when he was asked about Tom Brady . But remember ,  a full practice Friday for RB Joseph Addai  neck  ,  WR Austin Collie  foot  ,  WR Pierre Garcon  hamstring  ,  RB Mike Hart  hip .As long as he can beat out Witten ,  Shiancoe andor Celek . RT @MAL1GAYA @AdamSchefter does Vernon Davis look like a Pro Bowl player  ?  Nick Saban first coach in long time to win two national championships at two schools . Pop Warner also did it at Stanford and Pittsburgh . Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch lost his appeal to have his 100,000 fine for not talking to the media rescinded ,  per league source . Chris Gronkowski was not tendered by the Broncos and is now a free agent . Cover your eyes ,  Dolphins fans Before all is said and done ,  it sure sounds like Jason Taylor is going to wind up as a NY Jet . Thoughts and prayers to the people at the Chiefs training facility apart of or who witnessed the shooting this morning . Don't want to be the team that plays an Andy Reid coached team after its bye under Reid ,  the Eagles now are 13 0 after bye . Seahawks HC Pete Carroll said WR Percy Harvin will not play Monday night . Seattle wisely exercising caution . Think about it this way ,  @THEREALLENDALE Most people thought T2 wore a halo anyway ,  and now it's just official .. RT @Phillysports25 How true are thsoe rumors aobut Jon Gruden possably joining Holmgren in Clevleand as new Browns HC  ?   ...  Not for 2010.Texans placing TE Owen Daniels on injured reserve with designation to return ,  meaning he will miss at least eight weeks . Colts' QB Matthew Hasselbeck draws start in Indianapolis   officially . Dallas' message it can win anywhere ,  anytime . Most impressive win of day . Dallas deals defeat to Seattle . It's having to work with me the other days that's the problem ,  @darrenrovell . Cowboys LB Sean Lee has been told that he has a torn ACL and is expected to miss the entire season ,  per @Edwerderespn . Chargers RB Ryan Mathews also Inactive . Chargers K Nate Kaeding is Active . K Kris Brown is the third QB tonight .  sure .Not a bad sixth round of the 2010 NFL Draft . Round produced Carolina DE Greg Hardy at No . 175 ,  Steelers WR Antonio Brown at No . 195.We now have a 250 bid from @prostarsports . Anyone interested in topping it  ?  Going once ... Over the last 9 games ,  Adrian Peterson has more rush yards  1,399  than Christian Ponder has pass yards  1,267 .Maurice Jones Drews agent ,  Adisa Bakari ,  said St . Augstine police about to issue new release saying no charges filed against MJD . Another season ending injury in Indy . Colts have placed third year veteran wide receiver Anthony Gonzalez on Injured Reserve . RT @TravyB3 any more info on convos between Dallas and Pittsburg for Wallace  ?   ...  Dallas not dealing for Wallace . See Galloway ,  R . Williams . Now that Houston has used a third round pick on Ohio State WR DeVier Posey ,  the Texans will attempt to trade veteran WR Jacoby Jones . Will Smith ,  Anthony Hargrove ,  Scott Fujita due back at NFL at 145 to continue their appeal process . Former Rams' LB James Laurinaitis is signing with the Saints ,  as @RandGetlin reported . Bengals signed OT Marshall Newhouse ,  an unrestricted free agent who played 47 games with 31 starts for Green Bay over the last four seasons . Jaguars RB Leonard Fournette   right foot injury . Now on bench getting examined . And another QB bites the dust Titans releasing QB Chris Simms . Ravens HC John Harbaugh said he was disappointed at the moves the Broncos and Patriots made this off season . It disturbed me ,  he said . An update on the CBA talks ,  with chance the two sides could talk this week . With Dolphins QB Jay Cutler officiially out Sunday ,  Matt Moore will start against Patriots and David Fales will he Miamis backup . Jaguars have apologized for their mascot using the Ebola epidemic to mock the Pittsburgh Steelers' Terrible Towels during Sunday's game . Sign the season is not going well Five games into season ,  and the Bills already have 10 players on the season ending injured reserve list . And the count is on 100 days till what is supposed to be the Saints Packers Sept . 8th regular season opener . Tick ... tick ... tick . RT @ManBeardSuit Who is the NFL team that you route for Adam  ? .  ...  Don't root or route for any of them . Root for best people and stories . Never expected to get here in time for Jets practice today . But doubleheader   Eagles am ,  Jets pm . Watson's tee shot on 18   perfect . NFL Live on ESPN @ 4 pm with plenty of talk and information about who else   Eagles QB Donovan McNabb . OCNN missed this story . RT @BradGinter This just in ... Larry Johnson changes his name to Larry Dos Siete  !  Sounds like every single team with a pick near top of second round is getting calls . Fasten your seat belt for lots of deals . #nfldraft . Packers become the first team in NFL history to lose their first playoff game after winning 15 or more games in the regular season . Look who's a Pa LIN fan ...  RT @Marrrrcussss Is @ESPN going to be airing Hall of Fame ceremony tomorrow  ?   ...  Of course . 7 pm ET . Check your local listings and tune in . Giants announced they signed running backs Ryan Torain and Kregg Lumpkin . JJ Watt to Ray Rice on ESPN's Sunday Soundtrax I've eaten burritos bigger than you.Dolphins play home opener next Sunday vs . Tennessee . Go into the unusual October home opener having scored six points the past 2 weeks . For depth at cornerback ,  the Eagles signed Jack Ikegwuonu off their practice squad . Goodell Kraft attended Sean McManus 60th birthday Sat in NYC they were spotted on a couch ,  talking by themselves for quite a long time.In addition to Raiders RB Darren McFadden being inactive ,  so is Oakland's DL Richard Seymour . Colts S Joe Lefeged was arrested in Washington ,  DC on gun charges ,  per ABC News . Ft . Worth police also now say no offense occurred in its jurisdiction ,  and there is no criminal investigation against Johnny Manziel . DE Greg Hardy expected to be added to Commissioner's Exempt List ,  as @JasonPhilCole and @ByJimCorbett reported . Still being negotiated . Associated Press named Bill Belichick the National Football Leagues Coach of the Year . Minnesota in Manziel position if it wants ... just saying . Patriots CEO Robert Kraft When I addressed the media at the Super Bowl on January 26  over 14 weeks ago  I ...  One player who will show up for today's voluntary workouts is Eagles CB Asante Samuel . He's healthy ,  excited for season   and available . I posted a new photo to Facebook  . An MRI on Mon will determine whether David Johnson will miss a few weeks or half the season or more with sprained wrist ,  per @mortreport . Ravens TE Benjamin Watson tears Achilles on first play of tonight's game ,  done for season . Dallas Braden trying to show up @merrilhoge . Seahawks on allegations against RB Marshawn Lynch After speaking with Marshawn ,  we are comfortable these accusations are bogus.None   I don't think he plays . RT @benweinrib @AdamSchefter How many touches do you see LT getting vs Miami  ?  Pittsburgh traded pick No . 155 to Arizona for pick No . 195 and CB Bryant McFadden ,  who returns to the Steelers . #nfldraft . McNabb has 3rd highest winning percentage among active quarterbacks  83 45 1 ,  .647  behind Manning  119 59 ,  .669  and Brady  88 25 ,  .779 .Do not underestimate the influence that Deion Sanders had on Bengals DC Mike Zimmer in getting Pacman Jones to Cincinnati . Big . Westbrook should talk to @billromanowski . He'd learn a whole lot . RT @icrvn Has Westbrook consulted with Young or Hoge about concussions  ?  And WR Robert Meachem also scheduled to visit the Buffalo Bills ,  right along with Mario Williams . Houston gave a 2017 6th round pick to Washington to move up one spot to No . 21. Texans ,  Vikings ,  Bengals all have some WR interest . Former 49ers wide receiver Braylon Edwards cleared waivers today . He now is a free agent . Colts signed former Jets S LaRon Landry . Ellis was suspended for taking some sort of banned supplement ,  though I'm not sure which one . Vikings QB Sam Bradford is inactive ,  which mean Case Keenum starts and Kyle Sloter backs him up . Broncos gave a game ball to team owner Pat Bowlen ,  who got his first victory in Baltimore in his 29 years of ownership . RT @JustinStangel Been fasting almost 24 hours . I'm warning you ,  if you stand between me and that plate of bagels ,  YOU WILL lose a finger . Arizona re signed QB Drew Stanton to a 2 year deal . Former Jets CB Antonio Cromartie reached agreement on a one year deal with the Arizona Cardinals ,  per ESPN source . Sal Paolantonio just reported that Albert Haynesworth was the last Redskin to arrive at tonight's game ,  pulling up in his Rolls Royce . The whereabouts of my traveling colleague . RT @mortreport The bus is here at  St . Joseph's ,  MO ,  waiting for Chiefs practice . Steelers WR Antonio Brown plans to test his toe later today to determine whether he can play tonight vs . Bengals . S Tennessean reporting Vince Young will get the start over Kerry Collins ,  according to sources . Broncos LB Shaun Phillips has earned an 800,000 bonus for 10 sacks if he gets two more today vs . OAK ,  bonus will jump to 1.2 million . Michael Vick time for Jets ... Eagles RB Ryan Mathews and TE Zach Ertz also inactive today . Jets CB Darrelle Revis is active . Broncos releasing K Matt Prater ,  who's coming off 4 game suspension ,  per source . Brandon McManus wins Denver kicking job . Every team in NFL adjusting its practice and meeting schedule to accommodate noon conference call on healthsafety issues ,  per sources . Seahawks decided to go with two quarterbacks and released former first round draft pick ,  J.P . Losman . Oakland bright spot Khalil Mack had 1 more tackle for loss today after entering game tied for NFL lead in tackles for loss against run . Not looking good for WR Antonio Brown to play Sunday vs . Denver due to his concussion ,  per @BobHoltzmanESPN . Very likely Ben plays . Talk about being well positioned Rams have three of this year's top 39 picks ,  then double 1st round picks in 2013 and 2014.Statement by Steelers President Art Rooney II on James Daniel We have conducted an internal inquiry into the ...  Teams have lineup changes and so does ESPN . A quick moving ,  info packed ,  one hour Insiders will debut today and continue each Sunday @ 10 am . Redskins interviewed Ravens OC Jim Caldwell for their HC job on Wednesday ,  per league source . When LB Scott Fujita signed with Browns ,  it allowed Saints to sign a free agent . They've scheduled Rams DE Leonard Little to visit Thurs . This one's for John   Time does go quick  !  RT @markschlereth Rascal Flats at John Elways 50th birthday  !  Clemson WR Sammy Watkins clocked in at 4.344.37 in his 40s ... On The View ,  Bears WR Brandon Marshall did in fact sign a new three year ,  40 million extension . What a world . Not a single person out of the thousands of RTs saw it cracked the code . ROCK PAPER SCISSORS ROSHAMBO . Best bill ever  . A quality read to get NFL fans ready for near future of football from @BenVolin in today's Boston Globe  . The Redskins will hold a press conference at 2 p.m . Wednesday to introduce Mike Shanahan as their next head coach . Dolphins DE Cameron Wake needs 1.5 sacks today to get 13 for season and earn 1 million in incentives 3.5 sacks will mean another 1.25M . Houston moving on Texans announced Case Keenum as their starting QB moving forward . Dolphins announced today that they and asst GM Brian Gaine have mutually agreed to part ways . My boss and I communicating the way we communciate ...  Good point RT @stephenjames716 I think you meant has new jersey ever had a better day ?  buffalo is the only team from new york !  ,  go bills  !  Titans' CB Jason McCourty underwent groin surgery and could be back for regular season opener . Giants RB David Wilson ,  who met w doctors this am ,  will meet again w doctors in July and expects to be cleared for full contact in camp . Just finished a spinning class in a gym that hasn't had any AC all morning . Felt like a whole new workout   Bikram Spinning . Picked one up last year . In second round . He has chance to be very good . Giants WR Hakeem Nicks in danger of missing today's game due to strained abdominal . Giants will make final decision after pre game warmup . Jerry's World . Falcons NT Dontari Poe weighed in below 330 pounds today ,  and ka ching a 125,000 make weight bonus . RT @RossWheatley it's 8AM in Indianapolis . Is Nnamdi a Colt yet  ?   ...  Nnamdi can't be anybody till there's a new CBA . A long wait ahead . RT @SIPeterKing Ruling from Judge Doty ,  the players' best friend in legal history  . Falcons have requested to interview Lions DC Teryl Austin ,  Broncos OC Adam Gase ,  Pats OC Josh McDaniels ,  Seahawks DC Dan Quinn ,  per source . Kerry Collins will start for Titans . Has any player ever fallen as far in draft from where Matt Barkley was projected to go last year to where he will go this year  ?  Tough to see . Applaud Oakland for always digging to find help Former Saints DE Bobby McCray worked out for the Raiders yesterday . RT @RaheemBrock Respect to the Saints  !  The out played us today ... But  !  Some things that happen in the game makes me question some things  !  Alabama won its 8th major poll championship ,  tying it with Notre Dame for the most all time . CB Darrelle Revis and the New England Patriots have reached agreement on a one year ,  12 million deal ,  league sources told ESPN . After Seahawks asked LB Lofa Tatupu to take a paycut ,  he asked them to release him . The team now plans to do so ,  albeit reluctantly . Titans owner Tommy Smith said to be smitten with Seattle so much that Seahawks DC Dan Quinn expected to be finalist before he interviews . RT @mortreport Listen ,  some take picks far too personally I have no personal agendas . Relax & enjoy . Bantering is fine ,  but anger  ?  Please . Don't know why these have turned into mundane ,  non football tweets ,  but sometimes I'm just in that kind of mood . I'll leave you alone now . work . Bucs and Lovie Smith reached agreement ,  as @JayGlazer reported . Deal had been in works for days . Smith was favorite all along . Back to Bucs . Patriots placed their franchise tag on kicker Stephen Gostkowski ,  per a league source . Breaking News with Steve Carell . Going into today ,  Chiefs have lost eight straight playoff games ,  tied with Lions for longest postseason losing streak in NFL history . Can tell there's a new regime in Indy when the Colts and Patriots are making trades . Redskins announced today that they have signed free agent running back Keiland Williams and released running back Ryan Grant . RT @JimmyMecks Did any player from the U score a TD today  ?   ...  Not so far . Streak on the line . Up to Antrel Rolle and Vince Wilfork to save . RT @ESPNEWS Redskins owner Dan Snyder 'disappointed' with Albert Haynesworth   ESPN  . Frank Caliendo reads LeBron's letter to Cleveland ... as Morgan Freeman . This is great  . Dolphins OT Jonathan Martin's meeting with NFL independent investigator Ted Wells lasted more than seven hours . Easiest remaining schedules based on opponents' won loss recordsLions      23 41   .359Bills        20 34   .370Packers  26 38   .406Mark Sanchez has a sprained PCL and if he can tolerate the pain ,  he can play the Jets next game Dec . 13 at Tampa . Cleveland's restricted free agent pass rusher Matt Roth asked the Browns today to trade him . Two sides too far apart on long term deal . Colts announced they put QB Charlie Whitehurst on IR . Thanks to @espnbookers ,  just trying on @ChrisWeidmanufc's belt in case I grow a few inches or become a UFC champ . Both are Canton bound to me RT @ShadyDawg @AdamSchefter Better chance at HOF from Denver secondary   Champ Bailey or Brian Dawkins  ?  Minnesota is in an incredibly interesting spot . Could pick at 4 ,  trade to 6 or trade to 10. But Vikings traded themselves into great spot . Chargers have hired former Packers GM Ron Wolf as a consultant to help on GM and HC searches for next month or two . Dallas placing franchise tag on Anthony Spencer . Here's what happens when ESPN's top shelf digital team hams up a ham . Presented without comment ...  Pro Days are in full effect . Who will benefit most with NFL teams from his Pro Day  ?   A recapActive today Michael Crabtree ,  Amari Cooper ,  Matt Asiata.Inactive AJ Green ,  Michael Floyd . Bryce Petty undergoing chest tests . Carolina WR Steve Smith said today he wants to be a Panther for life . After visiting Washington and Kansas City ,  former Browns DT Shaun Rogers visited the Saints . No more visits scheduled for now . The @ReeveFoundation and @charitybuzzauction offers one of a kind celebrity gifts . Please bid throughWednesday at . RT @NFLonTheHill Aloha to staff of 154 yr old Honolulu Advertiser which publishes last edition Sunday . Thx for ur yrs of Pro Bowl coverage . So Ezekiel Elliott now can play Sunday vs Chiefs . Back and forth it goes . The 9 6 Bucs are first team since '70 merger  excluding '87 strike year  to start at least 10 rookies in a season and have a winning record . NFL offices will be closed Tuesday as well . Seahawks are first NFL team to have eight wins by 20 or more points during a 14 game home winning streak since the Dolphins in 1972 '73.Michigan's Denard Robinson is 1 of 2 finalists for EA Sports NCCA '14 cover . Winner determined by on line fan voting  . Dah dah dah ,  dah dah dah . Time to talk Sanchez moments from now on 9 am Sportscenter . Steelers gave DT Steve McLendon signed a 3 yr deal with max value of 7.25 mil ,  including 1.675 million guaranteed . 5 mil in first two yrs . Until Josh McCown signed his one year ,  6M deal with Jets ,  former Bears QB Jay Cutler was scheduled to visit team this week ,  per source . Pats all but certain to have BrissetGaroppolo vs Bills . No QB workouts this week ,  both practicing . An upset if 1 or both not  avail Sunday . Bears announced they agreed to terms with G Matt Slauson on a one year contract today . Under proposal ,  all NFL teams also would kick off training camp on same summer day ,  making it the official launch of the football season . Steelers placed C Maurkice Pouncey on ReserveInjured Designated For Return List . first game Pouncey eligible to play Week Nine vs . Oakland . Latest on a Denver Broncos Von Miller record deal that now is likely to be wrapped up Friday . To quote the great Trent Dilfer ,  you can't mess up puppies.Despite being arrested this past week for DUI ,  Falcons running back Michael Turner still is expected to start today at San Diego . All NFL players ,  coaches and sideline personnel will wear a special NFL 911 ribbon Sunday on their uniforms or sideline apparel . No word yet on what the Packers traded to the Jags for S Anthony Smith . The guess is a late round pick . WR Randy Moss did float idea of being traded from NE earlier this season he did not speak with Bill Belichick today ,  according to source . Chiefs announced QB Alex Smith is out Sunday vs SD with a lacerated spleen . At one least one high level Titans official has expressed major reservations about whether QB Jake Locker can succeed in the NFL . More numbers ...  RT @darrenrovell Clay Matthews will get paid 22 million by the end of 2013. A total of 27 million in the next 12 months . Sad news from NFL world Former Seahawks ,  Panthers and Redskins front office exec Tag Ribary passed away Friday . RIP . Trust The Process ... #Growthspurtplease  . If WR Michael Floyd is convicted of super extreme DUI  over .20  ,  he will have to serve at least 45 days in jail per Arizona law . How thoughtful and considerate of the NCAA to allow schools to feed its athletes as much as they want ... Jason Pierre Paul injured in fireworks accident ,  as @CoachEisy and @Andy Slater reported . Still meeting with doctors to determine severity . Former Giants DC Bill Sheridan has been named inside linebackers coach by the Miami Dolphins . Saints moved 2009 first round pick Malcom Jenkins from CB to free safety . Hes a guy that has good versatility ,  said HC Sean Payton . RT @JohnOehser Caldwell Matt Stover is kicker for the Colts postseason . Adam Vinatieri will remain active . Lions HC Jim Caldwell presented a game ball to US Army Specialist Andrew Martin in honor of all serving ,  and who have served ,  in Military . Three potential landing spots for Plaxico Burress Rams  rejoin Steve Spagnuolo  ,  Dolphins  Brandon Marshall concerns  ,  Jets  3 FA WRs .After Andrew Luck and RG3 wrapped up their Pro Days ,  Todd @McShay13 noted the most impressive Pro Day he ever saw was JaMarcus Russell's . To clarify ,  Browns QB Brandon Weeden is the oldest player ever drafted in the first round . RT @taniaganguli Maurice Jones Drew was not at practice . No player who's missed Friday has played Sunday this year . Eagles' free agent DT Bennie Logan is visiting Washington tonight and Saturday ,  per source . He is evaluating one year options from teams . Colts re signed S Mike Adams to a 2 year deal . Bad sign for Martellus Bennett's status Sun Bears elevated TE Blake Annen to 53 man roster and placed G Matt Slauson on IR due to torn pec . Eagles hope to have Carson Wentz back before the end of the preseason . And reminders about other USC alums pour in . RT @alexxxv Dont forget Rey Maualuga DUI and Kevin Ellison case . Look for Jets CB Antonio Cromartie ,  not Darrelle Revis ,  to cover Vikings WR Randy Moss ,  and for Revis to cover WR Percy Harvin . Prayers out Former Bills QB Jim Kelly undergoing surgery again for recurrence of cancer . 49ers traded S Taylor Mays to Bengals for an undisclosed draft pick . Rookies combined for 1,361 scrimmage yards and 10 TDs in Week 1   the most yards and TDs accumulated by rookies in Week 1 since 1970 merger . Cardinals placed safety Matt Ware on injured reserve  knee  and signed kicker Mike Nugent to a one year contract . NFL execs ,  coaches on why Colin Kaepernick remains unsigned ,  via @SandoESPN . My ESPN job starts Monday ,  Tony Dungy expects Michael Vick to sign this week . So if you had to guess ,  who's back to work first ,  me or Vick  ?  Jets already have 10 takeaways this season after totaling an NFL low 13 takeaways all of last season . #KnowThemFromAdamI'd love to win a championship in the city of Chicago.@ChicagoBears WR Alshon JefferyLISTEN  . Usually ,  Disney is The Happiest Place on Earth . Today ,  Cleveland is . Sam Bradford will be named Rams starting QB in press conference shortly . Gotta talk to @wojespn about staying out of these live shots ... RT @RikFlair Can Saffold get some love for ROY .  Protecting Bradford like he has deserves recognition  ...  Agreed . Another GREAT rookie . Jason Witten believes Ezekiel Elliott has chance to grow from suspension ...  Cornwell Though we adamantly dispute Cedric committed a crime ,  Cedric will continue to cooperate with law enforcement ,  Bengals and NFL.First of many updates to come ...  Adding a great one to ESPN's stable of insiders RT @tunasweasel More great info for NFL fans from here ,  the one and only @Edwerderespn . RT @GregABedard Finley is out 8 10 weeks . Packers are deciding right now what to do . Knew he would be gone about 4 weeks so can wait . Dwight Freeney knows this could be his last NFL game ...  49ers signed first round pick Solomon Thomas . this . Let the arguments begin NFL predictions from ESPN staff    . Jacksonville traded first  and fourth round pick for Tampa's 1. Extra 4 for Tampa . Steelers and Le'Veon Bell unable to reach agreement today . Bell will play this season under 12.1 million tag ,  become free agent next year . RT @sportsguy33 Enjoying Adam Schefter Era for ESPN . He's all over place . He just jumped thru my TV and made me coffee & a bagel . Delicious  !  RT @Schottey @AdamSchefter Is Kevin Kolb active  ?  &lt  He's the inactive ,  emergency No . 3 QB that can't play till the 4th qtr ,  or consequencs . Browns HC Rob Chudzinski said RB Trent Richardson will play a couple of series Thursday vs . Detroit . The posteason's unpredictability Who would have thought that the Jets season would last longer than the Patriots  ?  A worthwhile read on how Green Bay is dealing with the lockout   and how it could impact the local economy . So on one day ,  Ravens lost TE Dennis Pitta for the year and Eagles lost WR Jeremy Maclin for the year . Tough business . Jets and Bills both are talking to Ole Miss OC and former Dolphins QBs coach David Lee about joining their coaching staff . One of the toughest parts of the Dennis Pitta Jeremy Maclin season ending injuries Each was in last year of his contract . RT @ScottHanson btw ...  @adamschefter tweeted a photo that his dear former colleague snapped for him .  ...  MRI confirmed Drew Brees did not suffer serious shoulder injury Sunday ,  per @edwerderespn . Ability to play depends on response to treatment . 49ers signed six picks RB LaMichael James ,  G Joe Looney ,  LB Darius Fleming ,  S Trenton Robinson ,  OL Jason Slowey ,  and LB Cameron Johnson . ESPN will begin airing its sitdown interview with Peyton Manning at 3 pm ,  and throughout the day . Retirement sounds a long way off . Browns WR Josh Gordon can ask for reinstatement after 2014 season . Determination made then about training camp 2015.A man leaves his computer unattended and unlocked and this is what happens ...  LB James Harrison re signing with the Steelers  . Praise the Weather Gods . RT @visitPA Relief is on the way  !  Punxsutawney Phil says EARLY SPRING  !  Former Jaguars HC Mike Mularkey plans to join Titans' staff ,  either as TE or QB coach ,  probably TE . Had spoken with Vikes and Lions ,  too . Falcons and QB Matt Schaub reached agreement on a two year ,  9 million deal ,  per sources . And so as we said ,  Steelers' choice to match Emmanuel Sanders' offer sheet is more philosophical than financial . Keep player or take pick . Not so fast on Mike Holmgren to Seattle . Seahawks hired NY search firm Spencer Stuart to assist them in hiring PresGM . RT @kcchiefs Off To Hawaii 3 #Chiefs Receive Pro Bowl Invites    . won't . With Jay Cutler going down today with an injury ,  the Bears will re sign QB Jordan Palmer ,  per @FieldYates and me . Donovan McNabb spoke to Andy Reid on Thursday to tell him of his preference to spend this year with Philadelphia ,  not Oakland or Buffalo . To see if his suspension will be reduced ,  Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger is scheduled to meet with Roger Goodell in NY on Friday ,  Sept . 3.WR Stephen Hill ,  TE Dustin Keller ,  FB John Conner and RB Ben Tate all inactive tonight . SF is hiring Hall of Fame candidate and FOX analyst John Lynch as GM ,  sources tell ESPN . Lynch back to Bay Area ,  where he went to Stanford . Despite being listed as questionable for today's game vs . Seattle with a knee injury ,  Cardinals RB Beanie Wells is expected to play . As it should be The Horse E Street Shuffle won the 3rd race at Monmouth Park in New Jersey today . #RIPClarence . Giants could fire HC Ben McAdoo in 24 hours after Sunday's game vs . Raiders ,  sources tell @mortreport and me.USC QB Matt Barkley will NOT throw at this week's combine . He might run ,  but will not throw until USC Pro Day on March 27. More at ESPN . ComRT @davidbry123 Do u think Cowboys would consider making a move for Peyton manning  ?   ...  As Drew Rosenhaus would say ,  Next question . Chargers and Rams still discussing LA partnership . If Chargers move to LA ,  one source called a Raiders move to San Diego as very viable.NFL advised Adrian Peterson this afternoon that following his plea agreement to resolve his criminal case in ...  DWI in Raleigh is driving subject to an impairing substance . Police captain Tommy Klein added ,  appreciably impaired.Despite being listed as questionable ,  Rams RB Tre Mason is expected to play today . Todd Gurley still in question . Good . Agree or disagree  ?  No great surprise ,  but Titans are releasing RB Chris Johnson today ,  per source close to situation . Johnson will be a free agent . Packers RB Aaron Jones will not return to todays game due to knee injury . Ravens announce they have released Dennis Pitta . Phil Jackson on Carmelo Anthony today We have not able to win with him on the court . He would be a player better off somewhere else.New York Post is reporting that Jets WR Braylon Edwards was arrested this morning for DWI ,  when he tested at twice the legal limit . Bills claimed former Bucs FB Dan Vitale on waivers ,  per source . ready . Falcons WR Roddy White is active . Texans reached agreement with C Chris Myers . Todays NFL Insiders podcast . A familiar scene at Kraft household Patriots get Super Bowl rings tonight.Get ready for some pictures like this  . Issue of Marvin Lewis' future really isn't much of an issue . Bengals have no plans to make any HC change at this time ,  per sources . Giants WR Hakeem Nicks will start tonight . Last year Titans nailed it w rookie RB Chris Johnson . After tonight's game ,  looks like Titans did it again w this year's 1 ,  Kenny Britt . Rams OC Pat Shurmur has emerged as the leading candidate in Cleveland and could get job by end of week . Just like everyone expected II Eagles and Colts are now a combined 1 9.Rams scheduled to interview Panthers offensive coordinator Rob Chudzinski for their head coaching job Thursday . Mr . Trump weighs in ...  Jerry Jones may have violated NFL tampering rules Adrian Peterson called to say he'd like to play for Cowboys . Rams wearing decal on back of helmet today ,  each representing a family of a military member who has died in battle . Families at today's game . Dolphins visit Ravens tonight This season Miami has won three games after trailing in 4th quarter ,  most in NFL ,  including past two games . Broncos sacked Teddy Bridgewater 7 times today ,  most sacks Denver has had in a game since Week 1 of 1996. Broncos have league high 18 sacks . RT @Astand49    any news on 49ers franchising abrylio Franklin  ?   ...  It'll be done by Thursday . He's not going anywhere . Contract of Redskins WR Santana Moss voids five days after the Super Bowl ,  making him an unrestricted free agent whenever there's a new CBA . Listed as questionable with a hamstring injury ,  Redskins WR DeSean Jackson is expected to play today vs . Patriots ,  per source .  . RT @tedhill   Elvis Dumervil is also from Miami ,  so another connection .  ...  Correct born in Miami and played at Miami Jackson HS . Jon Gruden Steve Young is who I see when I watch Johnny Manziels tape . Lot of common ground size ,  speed ,  playmaking ability and upside.Saints WR Willie Snead is inactive today in London vs Dolphins . Broncos' D pressured Aaron Rodgers on 63 percent of his dropbacks ,  the highest rate he has been pressured in a game in past seven seasons . On the field of tonight's game in 2003 ,  Titans 5th rd pick ,  rookie RB Javon Ringer ,  ran for 259 and three touchdowns . He'd love a repeat . Patriots trade to Saints ,  and New Orleans looking right at Mark Ingram . Friday 10 Spot Last bit of normal in the NFL ,  Seattle equality ,  Ed Reed ,  Asante Samuel ,  Carolina's problem ,   . Browns president Mike Holmgren will retire at the end of this season and former Eagles president Joe Banner is being n  . Baseball's Mr . Irrelevant turned out to be CF Austin Jackson ,  who made an all time great catch only to have Jim Joyce overshadow it . Last year Aaron Rodgers missed 7 games with broken collarbone . More testing on Nick Foles on Monday . Now time for Mark Sanchez . RT @mayraheartsyou Ahem ,  sir ,  any idea as to when FA will start  ?   ...  Please check back after July 4th holiday . Nothing till at least then . There are over 2,700 teams on @ESPNFantasy that ,  with early drafts ,  have Julian Edelman ,  Spencer Ware and Cameron Meredith on their rosters . RT @RachelNichols Rex Ryan makes it official Darrelle Revis will not play against Miami . Will not even make trip . So Bears QB Jay Cutler is now signed through 2020.Bills reached agreement with third overall pick Marcell Dareus    4 years ,  20.4 million ,  fully guaranteed . RT @dkaplanSBJ Happy 91st birthday to  Ralph Wilson ,   responsible for keeping the NFL in Buffalo best of health to a fine man . Only Bear selected to Pro Bowl was LB Lance Briggs . After at least four concussions the past two seasons ,  Texans TE C.J . Fiedorowicz might be done playing in NFL at t  . So Delhomme has a high ankle sprain ,  Wallace has a high ankle sprain . Colt McCoy ,  please pick up the courtesy phone Sundat at Pittsburgh . The new College Football Playoff Top 6 rankings  . Former Bengals G Kevin Zeitler expects to sign with Cleveland ,  per sources . Big day for Browns O line . Highest paid guard in NFL history . Tom Brady ,  the turkey  . Eagles head coach Andy Reid confirms that Michael Vick is the team's starting QB . Eagles will resume practice on Thursday . Hey @mortreport ,  please don't report it ,  please don't tell @tunasweasel ,  but I'm retiring . Fingers don't text as quick as they used to . For our snowbound friends back east this morning's hike with @wingoz at Pinnacle Peak Park . Sweetness Last football free Sunday until February . Here we go again NFLPA vs NFL ,  this time over Ezekiel Elliott . Less than a week after he reported ,  Patriots G Logan Mankins will start for New England today . The good get better . First place Buffalo Bills . Jack Del Rio on TE Julius Thomas ,  who is listed as Questionable Limited again today . We'll just have to make a determination.And here is the @ClaytonESPN classic commercial via @MrCarey30. This is one for the ages  . me . Colts TE Dwayne Allen ,  questionable for Sunday due to an ankle injury ,  is expected to play vs Packers ,  per source . NFLPA Our union worked with the NFL ,  the Minnesota Vikings and Adrians representatives on a mutual agreement ...  Bills announced they signed former Colts free agent RB Chad Simpson . Darrelle Revis missing from Jets OTAs . Like many players ,  he wants a new contract . This one has potential to get sticky . Very . Good work if you can get it Players on winning Pro Bowl team earn 50,000 ,  players on losing Pro Bowl team earn 25,000.Tweets flowing in and fans complaining that Thursday night draft interferes w some serious TV choices  American Idol ,  Lost and The Office . RT @phishsticks I left Twitter for a few hours and all I see is talk of seeing guys in rooms with other guys..not sure how to take this yet . Dolphins not wasting time moving on from Charles Clay . Hosting visits today with WR Michael Crabtree ,  QB Tarvaris Jackson ,  C J.D . Walton . RB needy Seahawks worked out Stevan Ridley ,  Jonas Gray ,  LaMichael James ,  Dominique Williams ,  Boom Herron ,  per source . Landing Jammal Brown from N.O . would allow Washington to play him at left tackle with first round pick Trent Williams at right tackle . Jaguars consider TE Julius Thomas ,  who didn't practice again today due to elbow injury ,  a game time decision for Sunday . AFC North went south   all four North teams lost heartbreakers ,  almost all four coming on the final play of the game . RT @ImHimBranderbz What position do you see giants addressing on draft day  ?   ...  Like always with them ,  not position . Best player available . Chargers QB Philip Rivers on how the Giants handled the Eli Manning situation I thought it was pathetic.RT @schadjoe So LSU confirms Mathieu dismissed . Terrible news for him ,  LSU and college football fans . Will look at FCS schools . Donovan McNabb expected to be dealt to Vikings later today . But as of this morning ,  Redskins and McNabb's agent both say no deal yet . Titans entertaining offers for top pick in 2nd round ,  No . 33. Top teams in round 2 all taking calls . One team interested in coming up PITT . Giants LB Jon Beason suffered a ligament tear and small fracture to sesamoid in his right foot . Team hopes he's ready for reg season opener . RT @TBBuccaneers WR Mike Williams did not practice today . Williams is fighting thru a sore knee . Filed to ESPN Tim Tebow agrees to 5 year ,  33 million deal that includes 8.7 million guaranteed . Since being within one drive of advancing to the Super Bowl two seasons ago ,  Falcons have gone 6 18 ,  including 5 straight losses . So for once ,  the Jets get Lucky . With his four game suspension ,  Broncos WR Wes Welker now will get an involuntarily break from his concussions . Tom Brady announced he is no longer proceeding with legal process vs NFL . Greg Roman's last act as Buffalo's OC Friday was to be in Bills' team picture  . Despite cracked ribs ,  Dolphins QB Jay Cutler is expected to be available a week from Sunday vs . Raiders ,  per source . Out tonight . Best weekend of football all year . #cantwait . Word on street Some hiccups on way to a Rams Sam Bradford deal . Lions Suh deal moving slowly . Broncos getting close to signing Tim Tebow . Bills WR Stevie Johnson and David Nelson are both active . Heres one more intriguing name to watch coming up to todays 4 pm trade deadline ... 12Did Bruce Murray just call it Day 13 of the Tony Romo Hostage Crisis on @SiriusXMNFL  ?  He did . That's good . NFLPA This ruling means there is irrefutable evidence owners had a premeditated plan to lockout players and fans for more than two years.Trevor Siemian now is also in line to become the first Northwestern QB to start a season opener since Otto Graham in 1955.Trent Dilfer ,  who knows football as well as anyone ,  went deep to reveal secret to winning ,  via @FootballGuys  . To get WR Chad Ochocinco from Cincinnati ,  New England surrendered a 5th round pick in 2012 and a 6th round pick in 2013.Panthers free agent DE Greg Hardy drawing more interest than some predicted ...  RT @mortreport Art Rooney II says course of action will be determined after Ben meets with commissioner in coming days.Former Panthers RB DeAngelo Williams is signing with the Pittsburgh Steelers . Good move for both . Friday 10 Spot early Saturday morning the surprise player the Steelers got from Denver trading Jay Cutler . Knew this would happen with NBA free agency LIVE with Kelly is now the must see TV on Thursday . Lakers fire Mike Brown . Already  ?  Adam Vinatieri missed 48 yard FG ,  making it nearly impossible to make 90% of his FGs this season and collect 500,000 bonus . No cash homie . Washington's official inactive list for today  . It's official Jets CB Darrelle Revis is holding out . Revis will not show up today ,  no one knows when he will again . Hard Knocks rolls on . Raiders 59 points   most in team history . And it's not the 4th quarter yet . Players who caught a pass in Week 12 Erik Swoope ,  Ben Braunecker ,  Bradley Marquez.Players who didn't Gronk ,  Antonio Gates ,  Brandin Cooks . Bucs announced that upon completion of Doug Williams' contract as Tampa Bay's Director of Pro Personnel ,  he will leave organization . If Dallas is in market for a LB ,  one who is recovered from knee issues is former Saint Jonathan Vilma . Now said to be healthy and ready . Cleveland plans to give Kevin Zeitler a five year ,  60 million deal that includes 31.5 million guaranteed ,  per source . Cuts coming Saints released veteran LB Troy Evans ,  and waived WRs Mark Bradley and Rod Harper ,  G Tim Duckworth and CB Danny Gorrer . Cowboys and Tony Romo planning for QB to have offseason surgery to plate his left collarbone to prevent future injuries ,  per @Edwerderespn . New England and Matt Light reached an agreement that the former Pro Bowl OT is scheduled to sign with the Patriots later today . It's not just Dennis Allen joining Saints . Former Dolphins GM Jeff Ireland is being hired to do college scouting for Saints ,  per source . Eagles reached agreement with WR Riley Cooper on a five year ,  25 million deal ,  per a league source . Redskins have lost 8 straight games vs . rookie starting QBs ,  the longest streak since merger in 1970 ,  via Elias Sports Bureau . The new look Steelers RT @espnnfl Steelers make changes on offense with Ben Roethlisberger back  . Rob Gronkowski shaves his head in support of Cancer Buzz Off event . Some hope for NY   some . RT @chrisbosh Finished with the Knicks . Another impressive one . I'm starving  !  Rams will test Shaun Hill's quad in pregame ,  but QB Austin Davis expected to start today vs . Dallas . With five teams still looking to fill HC vacancies ,  worth noting that Jason Garrett is now a free agent . Check's in mail  !  RT @Ciaccio17 Best 3 Guests on Dennis and Callahan show ,  in no particular order ,  Brady ,  Boomer Esiason and Adam Schefter  !  Broncos are signing former Chargers LB Shaun Phillips . Cardinals soliciting opinion of WR Larry Fitzgerald as to which QB he wants them to acquire . First recommendation was Kevin Kolb . now . RT @JasonAAV Guess we won't recruit then .  ...  Bill O'Brien still will recruit . He'll be doing double duty ,  just as Charlie Weis once did . Texans' David Quessenberry completed chemo from Hodgkins lymphoblastic lymphoma Tues . Ready to compete for OL job . 49ers QB Alex Smith has passed concussion tests this week and ,  so far ,  is on track to start Monday night vs . Chicago . Russell Wilson will become the youngest QB to start two Super Bowls ,  breaking the mark set by ... Tom Brady ,  per Elias . Ravens website said GM Ozzie Newsome did not feel well after today's game and a team doctor recommended that Ozzie not fly tonight . RT @espn USC juniors ,  seniors can transfer without sitting     . Steelers have suspended running back Rashard Mendenhall for one game for conduct detrimental to the team ,  it was announced today . On Media Day ,  NFL needs to give Papa Jack Harbaugh his own podium . For both sessions . #HarBowl . Every indication out of Cleveland is Johnny Manziel . Now we just wait for Browns HC Mike Pettine to make it official . Panthers have drafted 3 offensive players in the 1st 2 rounds for the 1st time in their history . Browns and Broncos had various trade discussions for Quinn ,  but ultimately ,  Cleveland was wishy washy and never could pull the trigger . Nine players left in green room for Friday night ,  including QB Jimmy Garoppolo ,  USC WR Marqise Lee ,  Vanderbilt WR Jordan Matthews . Saw Sirius' Pat Kirwan ,  a wise football mind ,  here at Bills camp . He has Aug . 23 in the Brett Favre reports back to Vikings office pool . ESPN at 5 am is so quiet ,  so unlike it is at regular working hours of the day . Redskins TE Jordan Reed is inactive . OT Trent Williams is active . 10th time in NFL history there have been three returns for a TD in one game . And still a half to go . At least two teams said this week they have UCLA's Brett Hundley rated as  highest rated QB in the 2014 draft if he decides to enter it . Texans owner Bob McNair given clean bill of health after 10 month battle with cancer ,  via @McClainonNFL.Despite being listed as questionable with a hamstring injury ,  Cardinals WR Larry Fitzgerald will play today . RT @NFLfootballinfo Week 14 will have SB feel with 3 SB rematches on sched ... Panthers Patriots ,  Rams Titans ,  Raiders Redskins . Bills announced they have activated DE IK Enemkpali and added him to the teams 53 man roster . ICYMI NFLPA requests order to block any Ezekiel Elliott suspension ...  No go for Flozell Adams   Steelers signed veteran OT Adrian Jones and placed OT Willie Colon on their ReserveInjured List . Denver HC Gary Kubiak ,  out last week dealing with migraine condition ,  will return to work Monday with rest of Broncos ,  per team official . WRs Roddy White and Michael Jenkins are active for Falcons RB Mike Bell inactive for the Saints . Since Colin Kaepernicks 1st start in 2012 ,  hes 3rd highest rated QB w total QBR of 69.6 ,  trailing only Manning  83.3  and Rodgers  71.3 .RT @HeyCallahan Standing between Patriots and 2 home playoff games Matt Flynn  likely  ,  Chad Henne ,  Ryan Fitzpatrick . See you in Dallas . RT @rmsmylie Some blogs reporting Gaither to the Bills for a 2nd is done pending a contract extension . Can you confirm  ?   ...  Not true . Bengals WR Marvin Jones is going to be out a few weeks after having a pin placed into his left ankle over the weekend . Former Lions linebacker Larry Foote signed a three year ,  9.3 million deal that includes 3.9 million in year one with the Steelers . Cowboys' QB Tony Romo is expected to play Sunday vs Eagles for the first time since Thanksgiving 2015 ,  sources tell @toddarcher and me . Giants officially submitted request to interview Bengals OC Hue Jackson ,  per source . A postcard from Lehigh and Eagles camp . Paging Oakland and Washington Tampa Bay Buccaneers announced they have released veteran OT Donald Penn . Steelers' statement on Ben Roethlisberger's knee surgery  . RT @zoomzoom305 is there any one time in NFL free agent history that compares to this  ?   ...  Reggie White is closest . And Lebron dwarfs him . RT @RogueAromain Any word at all on Stafford  ?  Please help easy some Detroit Lions Heartache  !   ...  Lions suspect he could miss a few weeks . Broncos operating as if Demaryius Thomas will be able to play through hip injury . But they do want to see him test it pregame to make sure . A big thank you to #teamsaks for helping put together some stylish looks for the holiday season ,  postseason ,  really  . Sunday NFL Countdown coming up Saturday style at 11 am on @espn with the latest HC and GM news . A win for Cincinnati CB Terence Newman said he turned down more money from the Raiders to re sign with the Bengals . Eagles coach Andy Reid said QB Kevin Kolb will not practice until Friday ,  but he remains Philadelphia's No . 1 QB . Bengals signed former Raiders and Arkansas QB Tyler Wilson . RT @JimIrsay Jeff Saturday and I could get this thing done on cocktail napkins over a long lunch at Rick's Boatyard . It's not that hard  !  FWIW The 44 Super Bowl winners have a 36 7 1 record in the Kickoff Weekend games of their title seasons . Aaron Hernandezs attorney ,  Jose Baez ,  announced today that the former Patriots tight end had a severe form of C.T.E . One reason Buffalo dealt conditional 2015 pick to Philly for Bryce Brown RBs CJ Spiller and Fred Jackson both in last year of contracts . Redskins announced they signed former Bucs OT Jeremy Trueblood . RT @SIPeterKing On the ground in San Diego . What  ?  Did something happen today  ?   ...  The sequel to The Decision ,  Peter . RT @wingoz NFL Insiders show returns with a mid season edition Thursday 700 ESPN . @adamschefter ,  @mortreport & @MrMichaelSmith  join me . Its only natural ,  but those who have spoken to Sam Bradford say he is not happy with todays trade.Hes hot ,  ...  Read this last week in amazement ...  Former Broncos and Eagles QB Mark Sanchez is going to sign with the Dallas Cowboys ,  league source tells ESPN . Have just seen the best performance by a Robinson for Michigan since Rumeal helped the school win a national championship . Expected RT @jwyattsports Titans GM Mike Reinfeldt in statement I'm not sure there was any progress made in meeting with Chris Johnson . Good morning . Please don't forget the NFL preview show tonight on ESPN at 7   me ,  @mortreport ,  @MrMichaelSmith ,  John Clayton . Bengals' RB Jeremy Hill back in Cincinnati's starting lineup  vs . Baltimore ,  one week after losing 2 fumbles . Still plenty of work for Gio . RIP ,  Prince . What a loss for music and all of us . So KC blew it up at deadline long term deals with WR Dwayne Bowe and P Dustin Colquitt and franchise tag for Branden Albert . Gary Kubiak was given Tissue plasminogen activator  tPA  ,  a protein that breaks down blood clots in people who suffer strokes ,  per sources . If only Wes Welker hadn't signed his tender ...  Colts S Melvin Bullitt felt a tear in his right shoulder yesterday ,  underwent an MRI today ,  results still unknown . Bob Sanders already out . RT @jeffduncantp Shockey reportedly hospitalized after seizures in weight room . RT @abc26sports Shockey to hospital . Cowboys officially have picked up 5th year option for star guard Zack Martin ,  per @FieldYates . In addition to reaching agreement with former Patriots WR Deion Branch ,  Colts placed CB Greg Toler and DE Fili Moala on IR . Memo from Roger Goodell to teams on investigation into Ray Rice incidentAs you know ,  there has been a good ...  Vikings QB Brett Favre is inactive . Lions WR Calvin Johnson is active . With Jamie Collins contract coming up ,  he was at one point asking for what one league source described as Von Miller money. Von 6 114.5MSan Francisco 49ers today announced they have suspended RB Brandon Jacobs for the final three games of the 2012 regular season . Jets released NT Deon Simon ,  per source . Broncos injury updates ,  Pats Panthers matchup with @mortreport ,  Bill Polian ,  @WendiNixESPN on ESPN's NFL Insiders in moments ,  at 3 pm ET . Dr . James Andrews cleared Texans LB Brian Cushing today . He will be ready for training camp . The team will ease him back into it . Good news Philly After talking more with Eagles ,  deal for WR Jeremy Maclin is closer than thought . I predict one within 72 hours   mayb  ... Filed to ESPN Titans reached agreement with quarterback Matthew Hasselbeck on a multi year deal . 12 James Carville told NFL owners ,  coaches and execs that the Republican party's presidential candidates are as weak as the NFC West . Cardinals waived QB Max Hall and officially signed QB Brodie Croyle . Last night was a huge win for the Bears and Eagles . Now ,  all Philadelphia needs to clinch a first round bye is a win Sunday over Dallas . Numbers are in Dez Bryant's deal with Cowboys is a five year ,  11.8 million deal that includes 8.5 million guaranteed . More at ESPN.comReady to sit down at any Boys and Girls club anytime . RT @espn Brett Favre tests out ankle in workout with HS players    .   . Brett Favre said he took eight stitches in his chin and is fine   no concussion ,  no lingering effects . He expects to keep playing . Again . RT @HogWilly Hearing J Stewart being traded to Giants . Heard anything  ?   ...  Panthers adamant this week that they're not trading Stewart . Not overly surprising ...  RT @pwilson24 Colts coach Chuck Pagano says WR Austin Collie  concussion  should be ready for the season opener . A great John Elway feature ,  The Drive That Never Ends ,  via @SethWickersham.The King speaks to King RT @espn 2010 NBA free agents LeBron James interviewed by Larry King    . Dallas Cowboys and Jacksonville Jaguars coaching staffs selected to coach 2016 Reeses Senior Bowl of Jan . 25 30 in Mobile ,  Ala . It's to the point now where the remaining free agents want to go to Philadelphia   and are willing to take less to do it . Sadly ,  I think yes ... RT @dabreu78 is this contract squabble with crabtree going to make it more difficult for the bills to sign maybin . Redskins HC Jim Zorn on QB Jason Campbell tonight He was excellent . He made big plays . We saw what we wanted to see tonight.RT @BroiledSports Redskins are in dire need of Andrew Luck . Should have started sucking the first 4 weeks .  ...  Indy will be tough to catch . RT @TwAtlanta Is there any loophole where teams can give insane signing bonuses to players because it's an uncapped year  ?   ...  Turns out ,  yes . Colts are signing former Ravens DT Arthur Jones to a deal around 6 million per season ,  per sources . Donovan McNabb's agent Fletcher Smith will in Washington to attend Monday night's game . While there ,  also will meet about new contract . RT @JasonDavis43 I didn't turn down a rep da rb coach asked cud I go do to a hurt ankle & I cudnt that was editing 2 make me look grumpy . Seahawks RB Chris Carson suffered what Pete Carroll called a significant ankle injury . Carsons ankle was in an air cast . Vince Young thanked Nashville and Bud Adams ,  and said ,  I look forward to a new beginning and bringing my talents to a new team.Happens often ,  whenever it's hopeless RT @sportseffect @AdamSchefter Has a team ever not been given a league extension to sell out a game  ?  RT @Turk0219 I Loved this classy gesture by Chris Berman last night . @SU2C tribute to @RobinRoberts  . Six year old daughter calls ,  hears I'm at airport ,  to which she immediately asks Is your phone on airplane mode ?  How does this happen  ?  Eagles get 2016 1st RD  #2  ,  2017 4th RD.Browns get 2016 1st RD  #8  ,  2016 3rd RD  #77  ,  2016 4th RD  #100  ,  2017 1st RD ,  2018 2nd RD . Bears inactives include WR Roy Williams and RB Marion Barber . One Michigan spy reported that Taco Charlton clocked an unofficial 4.78 in the 40 yard dash at Michigan's Pro Day today . Broncos CB Dominique Rodgers Cromartie is spending the night in New York so he can undergo a physical Monday with the Giants ,  per source . Site of NFL draft today in Philadelphia . A little work to be done between now and three weeks from tonight ...  Pittsburgh waived defensive back Corey Ivy . Also ,  Indianapolis claimed defensive back Anthony Madison on waivers from Pittsburgh . As @PSchrags alluded ,  Cleveland source says Browns' QB RGIII has a potentially serious shoulder injury . Testing today . CB Sheldon Brown ,  QB Jake Delhomme ,  LB Scott Fujita are ace people . If nothing else ,  Browns have upgraded their leadership and character . Apparently ,  L.T.'s wife left a positive pregnancy test in his locker . And from that moment on ,  L.T . turned in an inspired performance . 49ers HC Kyle Shanahan on the Jacksonville Jaguars They have as much qualities as anyone that it takes to win a S  . RT @MikeGarafolo RB Ahmad Bradshaw has agreed to terms with the Giants . RT @TwittaKing26 Who gets the #1 seed in the AFC at the end of the regular season  ?   ...  Think Baltimore's in the driver's seat . London Fletcher says there's a 99 percent'' chance he'll retire at the end of the season . When scoring 35 or more points in a game this season ,  Dallas is 1 2. When scoring 35 or more points this season ,  other teams are 51 2.Patriots reached a one year agreement with former Raiders pass rusher Trevor Scott . ESPN analyst Ray Lewis I will see Ahmad on Monday and I will have a check in hand for half of the fine.The Victims of Las Vegas Remembering Their Lives via @NYTimes  . It's not just you Colts team plane to NJ for Monday night game just arrived in Indy ,  is now on a two plus hour delay . Mechanical issues . And Seattle ,  after failed attempts to trade for Brandon Marshall and Vincent Jackson ,  also would be a potential Randy Moss destination . Kind of you all . Thank you @Fantasytaz @fschannel @venomlace @LadyBlueICU @oklafootball . Watch Bruce Springsteen sing 'Thunder Road' over 41 years ...  Sunday's gameplan  . Bears offense had five first downs today Bears defense had two touchdowns today . Buccaneers signed punter Bryan Anger to a multi year contract extension . New Orleans Saints are signing former Rams DT Nick Fairley to a one year deal . Fairley mulled decision over weekend ,  informed teams this am . Pittsburgh takes SMU WR Emmanuel Sanders . #nfldraft . Have seen ESPN's new Twitter guidelines . And I now have no choice . Before I start there Aug . 17 ,  I must check myself into Twitter rehab . RT @levenboi Who's RR  ?   ...  In NFL parlance ,  Ron Rivera ,  who's in line to take over in Carolina . Just passing along what Panthers saying . Seattle reached agreement with former Raiders guard Robert Gallery on a three year deal . Gallery and Tom Cable reunited . Tom Cable scheduled to meet today with Al Davis . Nobody likes Cable's chances to survive ,  but question is when Davis would let him go . In his 300th NFL start ,  Vikings quarterback Brett Favre passed for a personal season high 344 yards . A three hour NFL Schedule Release Special on ESPN at 7 EST Tuesday night.Despite teams calling ,  Chiefs will not trade DT Glenn Dorsey nor WR Dwayne Bowe . Not happening . 49ers free agent G Mike Iupati has told people he plans to sign with the Arizona Cardinals ,  per sources . Iupati vs . SF DT Darnell Dockett . My 6 year old daughter spelled happy this am . I asked her to spell sad. Her response Dad ,  don't give me any questions about emotions.Browns are streamlining their personnel department and have let go of six scouts whose contracts were set to expire ,  per league sources . Never too early to start looking forward to next Sunday night Brett Favre and Vikings at Green Bay . Cowboys announced they signed second round draft pick DE Randy Gregory today . Bills activated LB Shaq Lawson to 53 man roster from ReservePhysically Unable to Perform list . Falcons CB Dunta Robinson fined 40,000 by NFL Vice President of Football Operations Merton Hanks for a violation of player safety rules . Jets traded up in 4th round and will draft Baylor QB Bryce Petty . Patriots did not give up much for former Titans LB Akeem Ayers . New England traded its 6th round pick for Ayers and Tenn's 7th rd pick . RT @wingoz rain expected all day sunday at pro bowl . wonder if field gets torn up before SB  ?   ...  George Toma ,  Sod God ,  never would let it . If Judge Berman was critical of NFL last week ,  he was even more critical today . Questions of fundamental fairness and evident impartiality . Don MeredithRoger StaubachTroy AikmanTony RomoAll from Cowboys QB to broadcast booth . Staubach lasted 1 season at CBS ,  per @MattPomPom . Despite Browns' interest ,  it is considered unlikely that former Texans HC Gary Kubiak will become Cleveland's next offensive coordinator . RT @FauxJohnMadden    In all fairness DHB has been inactive for most of 2009.The hot assistant coaching candidates and Jeff Fisher's changed karma in this week's 10 Spot . RT @JoshCribbs16 For the story behind my Text to Donate Campaign and my new charity movement read this story  . QB Matt Schaub to Atlanta ,  reunites with Kyle Shanahan . Had best years in Houston under Shanahan . Here are the Peyton Manning surgery details from @mortreport . Ralph Wilson Perry has done a great job with our defense and has demonstrated excellent leadership skills as Defensive Coordinator.Giants WR Victor Cruz told @JosinaAnderson he will go to the Giants facility this morning to sign his RFA tender . Jaguars WR Marquise Lee suffered a sprained ankle ,  but X rays showed no break ,  and Lee is scheduled to undergo an MRI on Monday ,  per source . Florida QB Tim Tebow has decided not to attend the draft and watch it with family and friends at home in Jacksonville . update . So this is what it's like to have some free time on a Sunday . Colts officially hired Chris Ballard as their GM . Best idea I've heard today  !  RT @AaronNagler Lots of NFL to talk about guys . Let's get off of the Vick topic ,  shall we  ?  Packers preparing Matt Flynn to start Sunday night in NE . Packers HC Mike McCarthy said Aaron Rodgers will not practice before Friday . Sounds like fines will be handed out to ,  amongst others ,  Falcons HC Mike Smith and Redskins CB DeAngelo Hall for Sunday's sideline fracas . Browns have waived LB Armonty Bryant ,  who was coming off four game suspension today . Text from NFL asst coach This s# is crazy ... how do u do this all day ? Breaking @stephenasmith will appear on General Hospital on Thursday ,  his second appearance on the soap opera . No @RealSkipBayless with him . Michael Conforto doing his best Daniel Murphy imitation . As @SportsTaxMan points out ,  Ed Reed's 50,000 fine is tax deductible . Tax Benefit at 35%  17 , . Actual cost of fine  32,500.Despite being listed as questionable  knee  ,  Chiefs' RB Jamaal Charles will make 2016 season debut Sunday night in Pitt ,  per source . Speculation swirling about Tom Brady's status . He injured a finger Friday . But team not concerned . He's fine and he's playing . RT @mortreport The Weis story on ESPN.com RT @SenorDickhaus Morningadam ,  Put your best foot forward . Don't just dip your toes in success . Carpe Toe Ring  !   ...  Right back at you ,  Wes . Jets CB Antonio Cromartie sprained his knee ,  per source . Did not tear his ACL . RT @charlesb14 Any talk on @steelers players in Mike Wallace's ear to get him to stay  ?   ...  Doesn't care what they say . Cares what they pay . Cowboys plan to sign former Eagles OT Demetress Bell ,  per Todd Archer at ESPNDallas . Cook's farewell  . Broncos HC Gary Kubiak said Justin Forsett will split work with Devontae Booker  . Redskins and Donovan McNabb have been discussing the parameters of a four year extension ,  the same length of Tom Brady's deal in NE . Falcons NT Dontari Poe will earn 125,000 if he weighs in at 330 pounds or less today . Large chunk of change at stake . Browns owner Randy Lerner said he currently is in negotiations to sell his team to Mr . Jimmy Haslam . He wants to keep all details private . A new generation in sports marketing launched a new website Congrats @blitzsports and @emilyries . Good follow . Even after Vick returns next week ,  Garcia not going anywhere right away . Eagles guaranteed his contract for two weeks . Steelers announced they have signed their second round pick ,  running back LeVeon Bell ,  to a four year contract . Please start following @NFL32   great new daily show 6 pm ESPN2 w @mortreport ,  @SuzyNFL32 & other ESPNers . Debut show tonight . If Cardinals beat Packers today ,  Vikings have nothing to play for tonight vs NYG . Zero . Would play GB next Sunday for NFC North title . Unable to confirm this . RT @TheJoshwaa Hearing rumblings that the Bengals are trying to get Maurice Clarrett out on work release . Giants released kicker Randy Bullock   job belongs to Josh Brown . NFL NFLPA statement regarding next weeks meetings  . After visiting with Broncos yesterday ,  Dolphins DC Vance Joseph is flying today to San Diego to meet with the Chargers ,  per source . Some good topics for today's show RT @wingoz programming note NFL LIVE on ESPN2 today at 400 EST .. please adjust accordingly ,  that is all . Christian Ponder is Vikings starter . Yet some believe Matt Cassel is good enough to challenge for starting job this year . Marvin Lewis also said Andy Dalton spent the night by the sink and toilet ,  but he expects his QB back at practice today . With David Akers struggling ,  49ers are bringing kickers to San Francisco for workouts ,  including Billy Cundiff and Justin Medlock . Peyton Manning has a new friend in Denver WR Brandon Stokely signed a one year deal today with the Broncos . Hard to see anything different . RT @DomCavoto @AdamSchefter Im Guessin that AFC is gonna be Manning ,  Brady ,  and ... Rivers  ?  Another former Bills assistant catches on elsewhere Carolina Panthers hired former Bills asst . Tyke Tolbert as their WR coach . Restricted FA WRs Miles Austin and Vincent Jackson would like to take this opportunity to thank Brandon Marshall for his 50 million deal . One reason Colts cut Bob Sanders He was scheduled to make 5.5 million base salary ,  with a 500,000 off season workout bonus . Full Dez Bryant Dallas deal that Roc Nation helped negotiate 5 years ,  70M ,  45M GTD ,  20M signing bonus . After signing 3rd rd pick Jerome Murphy ,  Rams last unsigned picks are their top 2 picks   QB Sam Bradford and OT Rodger Saffold . Just sayingLast year Dallas used 135th pick on QB Dak Prescott.This year Steelers used 135th pick on Tennessee QB Josh Dobbs . RT @samec37   who you co hosting with  ?   ...  @gottliebshow . Colts waived RB Matt Jones . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Jets not planning to release WR Eric Decker today ,  per source still hoping to be able to work out trade for him . Former Padres legend Tony Gwynn is gone at age 54 ,  way too soon . RIP . NFL executive Jeff Pash sent a memo today to all team executives regarding the collective bargaining with officials . Some passages ... Raiders claimed DB Phillip Adams ,  LB Keenan Clayton and OT Willie Smith on waivers . Congrats to Boom . RT @richarddeitsch From USA Today via Bristol Chris Berman signs new multi year contract with ESPN  . Actual text received from an NFL executive What is year overunder on a grievance between Jackson and Raiders ? Saints HC Sean Payton and GM Mickey Loomis are planning to be at the NFL's New York offices Tuesday to have their appeals heard . Titans QB Marcus Mariota will undergo surgery Wednesday in Charlotte on broken fibula . Plate inserted ,  4 5 month recovery . #KnowThemFromAdam@terrellowens on why the Cowboys can go to Super Bowl and why the Eagles won't win NFC East . Browns already have interveiwed other GM candidates and have satisfied the Rooney Rule ,  per sources . And now ,  John Dorsey is their new GM . WRs Alshon Jeffery and Brandon Marshall in Chicago . LBs Mychal Kendricks and DeMeco Ryans in Philadelphia . Good stretch for Giants Bears CB Charles Tillman intercepted a pass at the same time that WR Mario Manningham scored a touchdown . Jets released veteran RBreturner Travaris Cadet ,  who does not have to go through waivers and is now free to sign with another team . 49ers signed former Titans and Jaguars DL Sen'Derrick Marks to a one year deal . Boost for Browns Cleveland expects TE Jordan Cameron to play today vs . Ravens . RT @getnickwright Adrian Peterson whooped his 4yr old with a switch repeatedly resulting in numerous injuries . RT @MitchMcGrew Iis there a timetable for Miles Austin's return  ?   ...  Sounds like it could be after Cowboys' week 5 bye . A must see story from @JenLada and producer @DomGoodridge on 17 year old Ricardo Benitez who's been an inspiration  . RT @mjhuge Who is the other semifinal matchup  ?   ...  Michael Smith vs . Trent Dilfer . Big matchups Sunday aside from NFL ones . RT @30for30 June 17 ,  1994 reairs on ESPN2 in 20 minutes  1230ET930PT  in case you missed it . Fascinating work by director Brett Morgen . The other part of Cleveland's countdown . RT @ctownbuckeye615 and only a few more hours until Tom Izzo is the Cavs next head coach  !  Jets have waived CBKR Justin Miller . Steelers CB Ike Taylor retiring ,  just as longtime teammate Troy Polamalu did last week . No surprise in either case but Pitt losing linchpins . There are now discussions about whether to play Thursday night's Ravens Saints game in New Orleans due to Harvey ,  per a league source . Inside the ultra impressive numbers for @AdrianPeterson   . An Orlando TV station actually issued an apology for airing Jaguars over Manning Bowl . camp . Jets reached agreement with first round pick Jamal Adams . Two players won't hold up 1,900 players ,  32 teams ,  and fans RT @espnnfl Report Jackson ,  Mankins eye freedom or 10M   . One knowledgeable NFL person on the three offensive coordinators fired this week This league has lost its soul.Over the last 9 games ,  @AdrianPeterson has more rush yards  1,399  than Christian Ponder has pass yards  1,267 .Dan Quinn vs Pete Carroll ,  Bill OBrien vs Bill Belichick previous 5 HCs to face former boss in playoffs lost by combined score of 149 69.Chiefs' HC Andy Reid called Dontari Poe's touchdown throw a Bloated Tebow Pass.Buccaneers agreed to terms on extension with DC Mike Smith ,  per league source . If Broncos beat Chiefs and Pats beat Dolphins ,  then Ravens host Colts and Texans host Bengals in next weekend's wild card round . Indianapolis Colts announced they agreed to terms with former Eagles guard Todd Herremans . Lot at stake Washington can clinch NFC East title with win tonight ,  but Eagles win would mean Philly controls its own destiny in division . A trip to movies provides Patriots with strong message and team bonding . Rams placed S Oshiomogho Atogwe on IR ,  waived LB Dominic Douglas ,  and signed S Clinton Hart and QB Mike Reilly from Packers practice squad . Only near certainty is that Redskins QB Robert Griffin III is expected to open training camp on the Physically Unable to Perform List . First surprise cut of the week Bears are releasing veteran CB Tim Jennings ,  per source . Listed as questionable due to a rib injury ,  Jaguars WR Marqise Lee is slated to play Sunday vs . the Steelers ,  per source . So now Steelers need to find a safety to replace Troy Polamalu ... and Head & Shoulders might need to replace him in its ads . Nominations  ?  Bucs QB Josh McCown has torn ligament in thumb . Will try to throw through it Monday . But if surgery needed ,  he'd be sidelined six weeks . And the Chiefs officially have cancelled Wille Parker's visit as the game of musical chairs at running backs goes on . rounders . Broncos reached agreement with former Rams TE Daniel Fells ,  who had 41 catches last season ,  on a 1 year contract . Don't mess w security people at Akron Canton Airport . Toughest checkers I've encountered . They got my toothpaste . Our tax dollars at work  !  Eagles on Chuck BednarikA Philadelphia legend ,  Bednarik played a franchise record 14 seasons with the Eagles ...  One fewer potential landing spot . RT @TheRedzoneorg Sources Lions not expected to sign Pacman Jones  . Eagles' K Caleb Sturgis suffered hip flexor injury on opening kick Sunday and now expected to be out 4 weeks ,  per source . Eagles need new K . RT @bhofheimerespn It's officially Mel Kiper week . Start it off w great profile here by @RickMaese in WashPost  . Buffalo is expected to start rookie QB Nathan Peterman vs Colts with QB Tyrod Taylor questionable with a knee injury ,  per source . RT @FABEWASH31 Goin ham  ...  Funny ,  me too  !  #KnowThemFromAdamTexans OL David Quessenberry reflects on road to recovery from his 3 year battle with cancer . Redskins announced they have re signed unrestricted free agent DE Kedric Golston and signed unrestricted free agent CB Leigh Torrence . Invigorating and reminiscing at Northwestern and @MedillSchool . Nothing like being on a college campus . Browns are signing former Chiefs WR Dwayne Bowe ,  as @RapSheet reported . Cleveland is giving Bowe a two year deal . Redskins reached agreement with former Cowboys DE Stephen Bowen on a 5 year ,  27.5 million deal that includes 12.5 million in guarantees . Demaryius Thomas mother released from halfway house ,  under travel restriction for 60 days ...  Best wishes to a Denver legend . RT @DaveKrieger Denver's famous Barrel Man ,  aka Tim McKernan ,  has terminal lung disease . Texans HC Bill OBrien officially declares QB Brian Hoyer  concussion  out for Sunday vs . the Jets . TJ Yates starts vs Jets . Jets announced OT Damien Woody is being placed on IR with his Achilles injury that will require surgery today . RT @heroinmonkey Vick Remainders Pats , Titans ,  Jaguars , Steelers , Browns , Chargers , Panthers , Saints , Cardinals , Bears , Packers , Vikings Down to 12 . Told you Tiger would win . Jinx strikes again  !  RT @MoveTheSticks @AdamSchefter I haven't been on twitter much today ... you jinx Tiger too  ?  FWIW ,  Tampa Bay and Miami also put in waiver claims for LB Shawne Merriman . Texans WR DeAndre Hopkins ,  questionable for Sundays game vs Jaguars due to a toe injury ,  will play ,  per source . RT @Dissonance19 primetime game schedule comes out soon right  ?   ...  Some announcements this week . Full schedule in early to mid April . Several NFL executives believe that its possible for Bears QB Jay Cutler to go from being benched to becoming a ...  Eric LeGrand ,  whom the Buccaneers signed May 2 ,  announced his retirement . LeGrand will be placed on the Buccaneers ReserveRetired list . Confirmed   good news for Titans . RT @jwyattsports TItans agreed to 4 yr ,  53.5 million deal with Chris Johnson . 30 guaranteed . Before he could sign an offer sheet with Green Bay ,  DT Steve McLendon signed a three year deal with the Steelers . Colts WR Reggie Wayne and DE Dwight Freeney are both active . Jaguars now have their answer Unhappy with his contract ,  RB Maurice Jones Drew will not report to training camp today ,  per sources . Official word in minutes ,  but doesn't sound as if WR Calvin Johnson will be active today vs . Atlanta . Even with their off season turmoil ,  believe the Pats still play in the AFC East . Full story on Bengals LB Vontaze Burfict facing a 5 game suspension for illegal hit on Anthony Sherman ...  Bengals placed A.J . Green on IR . On to 2017.Bills were awarded LB Pierre Woods off waivers from the New England Patriots . Filed to ESPN Cowboys will be signing former Redskins K Shaun Suisham to kick against his former Washington team Sunday night . Change in Washington Redskins released TE Chris Cooley and K Graham Gano . Last winter ,  the Bucs bid goobye to Derrick Brooks ,  Warrick Dunn ,  Ike Hilliard ,  Kevin Carter ,  Brian Griese . None has signed elsewhere . Cowboys are releasing Tony Romo on Thursday ,  sources tell @toddarcher and me. Let the Romo recruiting in Houston and Denver begin . Roger Goodell's memo just came down . League will reimburse employee lost wages . #rightthingtodo . RT @carolmayer just taught @adamschefter how to BBM . I feel kinda cool ...   ...  Thanks ,  Carol  !  Nice to join 2010.Bills release QB Kevin Kolb ,  per @caplannfl . Raiders announced their former CB Nnamdi Asomugha will announce his retirement at the team's headquarters Friday . Tracy Morgan suffered a broken leg ,  a broken femur ,  a broken nose ,  broken ribs ,  other injuries . A full update  . Even as a football guy ,  not hard to admit this is going to be some kind of great basketball night . Underrated part of Dennis Green's all time rant 8 years ago today    . Barring a setback in pregame warmups ,  the Cowboys expect WR Dez Bryant to start Sunday against the Panthers ,  via @Edwerderespn .Former Vikings OT Bryant McKinnie reached agreement with Ravens on 2 year contract that can be worth up to 7.5 million ,  incl 1 million gtd . I got 99 problems ,  but the fantasy football team @cp3 and I drafted last night ain't one ...  With Kelvin Benjamin lost to season ending torn ACL ,  Panthers must rely on WR group that includes Devin Funchess ,  Ted Ginn ,  Jarrett Boykin . Co sign  . Not many more idle Sundays ...  RT @ESPNNFL 3 weeks from this exact moment ,  NFL preseason begins  !  #HurryUp  @DallasCowboys vs @MiamiDolphins . Sight of the a.m. Drag racer John Force huddling inside ESPN offices with Herm Edwards . Think I overheard Herm say you race to win the game . NFL suspended former Bills LB Manny Lawson for two games ,  per source . Lawson remains unsigned . Dan Le Batard pays tribute to Jose Fernandez . As @ttwentyman noted ,  Lions DE Cliff Avril reported to Lions this morning and plans to sign 10.6 million franchise te  . Someone doesn't sound very happy  RT @shawnemerriman #imtiredofseeing of my teammates leave San Diego . 49ers announced they have waived RB Brandon Jacobs . By Friday ,  Jacksonville will sign Cleveland's transition tagged C Alex Mack to a 5 year offer sheet the Browns will have five days to match . Filed to ESPN Cardinals will release S Antrel Rolle this week . Team still trying to keep him ,  but first it will release him . Mike Shanahan has landed in Washington and is now meeting with Redskins owner Dan Snyder . Later ,  GM Bruce Allen will join them . First time in a long time that ,  this late in the season ,  the Oakland Raiders are in first place . Dolphins Pro Bowl C Mike Pouncey underwent hip surgery today and is expected to miss at least three months ,  per ESPN sources . San Diego Chargers restricted free agent wide receiver Danario Alexander signed his contract tender today . Brad Childress and Matt Nagy were appointed co offensive coordinators of the KC Chiefs ,  replacing Doug Pederson . Eastern Kentucky LB Noah Spence has sent his last 20 drug tests since May to all 32 NFL teams ...  NFLPA responds to NFL claim on Zeke Elliott situation  . NFL coaches ,  players ,  celebrities head 2 Nashville for drive4dinger event . Don't miss silent action Fri. ,  6 28 ,  @ aVenue . Friday 10 Spot With a win Sunday ,  Aaron Rodgers can win as many road playofff games as Brett Favre did in his career . Titans announced they fired Ken Whisenhunt and replaced him with interim HC Mike Mularkey . Titans are signing former Buccaneers TE Luke Stocker to a two year deal ,  per source . Merril Hoge is newest member of USA Footballs Board of Directors ,  joining NFL Commish R . Goodell ,  NFLPA Exec Dir D . Smith ,  and others . Jets have signed GM Mike Tannenbaum and HC Rex Ryan to extensions through the 2014 season . Tennessee DE Derek Barnett ,  considered a first round pick ,  is sick and will not participate in drills today ,  per sources . Bengals announced they terminated the contract of CB Jason Allen . Can you guess what state this picture was taken in  ?   How about the celebrity whose golf course we were on  ?  Cowboys are 1st team in NFL history to have a 1,000 yard rookie passer and 500 yard rookie rusher in first 5 games of season ,  per Elias . OT Jordan Mills reached agreement with Bills on a 2 year ,  4 million deal ,  per source . Another WR for the Bengals they signed former Titans WR Chris Davis . John Mara and Art Rooney II We have every confidence that Roger Goodell is the right person to lead the league as we move forward.So we've had T . Suggs sign ,  Redskins use a 3rd round pick . Next big NFL stories signing 1st round picks and of course Wrangler man ,  Favre . But biggest sports story of night is this Chicago's streak about to be snapped . Blackhawks down . Some NFL news alerts will be coming from this new Twitter surname @NFLLIVEONESPN . Please help an amazing young girl ,  Emily Keicher ,  raise  for Spina Bifida Assoc . as her mom runs NYC Marathon . Info at  . Twenty four years ago today ,  senior year at college ,  the most fun weekend of a lifetime ...  Seattle waived   waived  !    RB Christine Michael . So Giants secondary now has lost CB Jayron Hosely and S Will Hill ,  whom team decided to cut . So there's the end of that drama . For now . RT @LaMarrWoodley Giving away 2 Super Bowl tix  flighthotel .. go to my fb at  . Driving home from ESPN and bummed I missed the @OGOchoCinco Show . Giving Hard Knocks some quality material . More CBA talk minutes away . RT @adbrandt Going inside NFL talks on Outside the Lines w @BobLey and @AdamSchefter at 9am et . Raiders have signed FBRB Jamize Olawale to a three year contract extension . Ascending player . DeSean Jackson update coming up on SportsCenter now ... Philly Mayor Michael Nutter has announced that his city is declaring a snow emergency as of 2 pm today . He's urging residents to stay home . Hairy day RT @PostBroncos McDaniels and Tebow sporting beards . Josh said it was his OTA beard. Tebow said his was result of laziness.For the Jets second free roster spot ,  they will re sign DT Howard Green ,  whom they released last week to make room for Trevor Pryce . Giants announced they have reached a contract agreement with Jason Pierre Paul . NFL news and analysis coming up on NFL32 on ESPN2 at 6 EST with @mortreport ,  @stephenasmith ,  @ritchiejon . Teams wary of Reuben Foster's shoulder ,  but 49ers comfortable . today  ?  No massages for me today . No Playboy mansion for me . No pickup hoops games . No picking out outfits . No anything ,  other than some twittering . Offering one @MarriottRewards member the chance to be a fantasy football hero  . To acquire TE Kellen Winslow from Tampa ,  the Seahawks give up a 2013 seventh round pick that can upgrade to a sixth round pick . Everybody please wish @mortreport a very happy 75th birthday . Love the man . Still going strong  !  Bravo Boston   and all law enforcement authorities who risked so much for so many . Boston strong . The evidence  . NFL should auction off announcement of some picks in rounds 2 through 7   higher prices for higher rounds   with proceeds to Make A Wish . Asked today if Hakeem Nicks' absence from OTAs is contractually related ,  Nicks' agent Peter Schaffer said ,  It's a great day to be alive.Raiders announced QB Matt McGloin will start Sunday vs . Houston . Gary Kubiak told reporters Texans worked out Jeff Garcia ,  Trent Edwards ,  Brodie Croyle ,  Kellen Clemens . But also said might not sign any . Giants WR Hakeem Nicks is sending 17,000 bottles of water to a church in Flint ,  Michigan ,  to be distributed immediately . #KnowThemFromAdamRex Ryan on move from Buffalo to Bristol ,  Beth Mowins on history ,  Thomas George on QBs.Bengals free agent WR Jerome Simpson is visiting today with the Minnesota Vikings . He also has visited the Rams . Each player in Sunday's Super Bowl is given two tickets to game with option to buy 13 more . Access to 15 tickets per player . David Lloyd shares his daughter's fight against cancer ... ESPN's Bob Holtzman reporting that Kerry Collins will start for Tennessee . Turns out that Titans S Michael Griffin agreed to a 5 year ,  35 million deal that includes 15 million guaranteed ,  per league source . Not only is it Father's Day ,  it's O.J . Simpson day . On this day in 1994 ,  O.J . provided one of the memorable days ever . #CatchTheKillerYet  ?  Chargers CB Casey Hayward will play today ,  per source ,  despite the death of his brother last week ...  President Obama will welcome Super Bowl Champion Denver Broncos to White House on Monday ,  June 6.WR Jerome Simpson reached agreement with Vikings on a 1 year deal . Aaron Hernandez charged with murder and five gun related charges pleads not guilty . The 17 in Plaxico Burress' new one year3,017,000 deal is for the No . 17 he has worn   and presumably will wear with the Jets . Had Favre retired after season ,  Minnesota's quarterback this season could have been Donovan McNabb ,  Jason Campbell or Marc Bulger . Today is first day for teams to designate Franchise or Transition Players window to designate players closes Wednesday ,  March 1 at 400 ET . Now that 49ers have parted ways with Jim Tomsula ,  they are expected to explore idea of hiring Saints HC Sean Payton ,  per @mortreport and me . Packers TE Jermichael Finley ,  due a 3 million roster bonus by 4 pm today ,  will remain in Green Bay and make 8.25 million this season . Jaguars are signing Auburn QB Nick Marshall as a DB ,  per source . Lions DT Ndmaukong Suh could be suspended for this week's wild card playoff game vs Cowboys for stepping on Aaron Rodgers ,  per @mortreport . Raiders leaning on John Madden ,  Ron Wolf ,  Ken Herock for advice . They have pitched Packers exec . Reggie McKenzie as potential GM . Ravens QB Joe Flacco will not play in the preseason due to his back injury but the team said he will play in regular season opener . Despite speculation to contrary ,  Texans HC Gary Kubiak expected back in Houston next season . done  ?  Ed Reed told ESPN's Rachel Nichols he plans to play against Chiefs . My brother loved football ,  Reed said . He would want me to play.In a 5 day span ,  Cowboys RB Joseph Randle has gone from stealing underwear to becoming a spokesman for it . Steelers RFA WR Emmanuel Sanders visiting Patriots today . Pats could sign him to offer sheet that cap strapped Steelers struggle to match . QB JaMarcus Russell was in possession of codeine syrup ,  according to Mobile police . Full story coming at ESPN.com . Before picking SF ,  former Calgary WR Eric Rogers visited 16 teams ,  had 13 offers . He caught 87 passes for 1,448 yards and 10 TDs last year . Some perspective ...  Cowboys DT Josh Brent has decided to retire to focus on major priorities ,  per his agent Peter Schaffer . Mort & Schefter's Week 8 notebook Which players are on the trading block ? If the Los Angeles Dodgers are worth 2 billion ,  wonder what a well regarded NFL franchise would sell for these days . So the Knicks ... Bears announced they  signed former Redskins WR Josh Morgan to a one year contract . CLEV ,  BUF ,  NYJ all have made inquiries about moving back into back portion of 1st round . 1st rd QBs get 5 yr deals 2nd rd QBs 4 yr deals . Jags RB TJ Yeldon ,  questionable with ankle injury ,  is unlikely to play vs Bills ,  though Jacksonville wants to test him pregame ,  per source . Jameis Winston already has signed his contract . Now that Tom Brady has confirmed his wife is pregnant ,  I'm confirming John McCain lost the election . Depending on situation and field position ,  newly acquired Jets WR Braylon Edwards could start tonight if his personnel package is called . Filed to ESPN Bengals and their first round pick Jermaine Gresham reached agreement Monday on a five year contract . Rams QB Sam Bradford now has 335 completions this season ,  passing Peyton Manning  326 ,  1998  for most by a rookie in NFL history . Getting ready to wrap up here from the #DominosPregameHQ on Championship Sunday . #adTwitternation . Friday 10 Spot on Saturday How this year's Pack is like champ 2010 Pack All Injury Defense Peyton and Eli . OLBDE O'Brien Schofield @obscho has agreed to terms with NY Giants on a 2 year ,  8 million deal . As @caplannfl reported ,  Jets hired former Eagles OC Marty Mornhinweg as their OC . Raiders DE Justin Tuck announced today that he is retiring from the NFL . Heck of a run . Raiders signed QB Tyler Wilson to their practice squad . Cardinals HC Bruce Arians said he is likely to start rookie QB Logan Thomas in regular season finale vs . SF . And the Steelers also are hosting a visit with veteran NFL kicker Dave Rayner ,  who would challenge Shaun Suisham . ESPNs Chris Mortensen reports that Manning still has not informed any of the three teams when to expect a decision ,  according to sources . Some surprises keep coming Cowboys informed former Pro Bowl right guardLeonard Davis they will be releasing him this week . RT @GBizzle502 NY  Daily News  article about Ray Gricar  . KC takes Dontari Poe . Stat of the day . RT @RosenbergMike If Joe Paterno had coached his last game at Urban Meyer's age ,  he would have retired in 1972.ICYMI Dallas PD is launching criminal investigation into domestic violence assault complaint filed vs Johnny Manziel by former girlfriend . With his new 6 year ,  59.25 million extension ,  Pittsburgh DE Cam Heyward is now second highest paid Steeler ,  behind only Ben Roethlisberger . Chiefs WR Dwayne Bowe is being suspended one game for substance abuse and will miss the opener vs . Tennessee ,  per a team source . Rams waived WR Stedman Bailey with the Non football injury designation ,  per source . Here's why Bears have been good Chicago is now allowing 14.6 points per game this year ,  fewest in the NFL . Cowboys WR coach Ray Sherman has worked with Jerry Rice ,  Randy Moss ,  Terrell Owens ,  Cris Carter   and said Dez Bryant compares to them . Filed to ESPN Raiders waived WT Javon Walker and DE Greg Ellis . Talk about two moves that didn't work out . Another name on the Bills' radar  . RT @RapSheet Not in the same breath as Shula ,  but it also produced Pats personnel guru Nick Caserio ,  who beat out  McDaniels at QB . Anybody that still can see it on CBS.com or DVR   it aired in place of 60 Minutes   must . Incredible TV . Green Bay hosts Dallas in playoffs for first time since infamous Ice Bowl on Dec . 31 ,  1967 ,  when Packers won 21 17 in  23 wind chill temps . RT @melvin1126 What do u really think about the redskins  ?   ...  They've got a lot of work to do . Philip Rivers going nowhere . And he has one more reason not to want to uproot his family from SD he and his wife expecting their 8th child . A boost for Denver's defense S Brian Dawkins is back in uniform and active . Without a new deal yet ,  Saints quarterback Drew Brees has been sampling alternative lines of work ...  RT @steelers @tpolamalu ,  @Jharrison9292 ,  and Maurkice Pouncey all named to Pro Bowl . @steelers . RT @MMcCarthyUSAT @AdamSchefter Hard to beat for NY fans . First Belichick admits Pats outcoached . Then Giants ruin Jerry Jones' big day . Chargers named veteran defensive coach John Pagano the teams new defensive coordinator . Colts kicked off contract negotiations for richest contract in NFL history with Peyton Manning . RT @ESPNNFL THIS JUST IN Eagles trade RB Felix Jones to the Steelers for LB Adrian Robinson .  via @caplannfl  . Falcons keep adding to their secondary ,  this time reaching agreement with former Colts CB Kelvin Hayden ,  who still must sign deal . RT @NYJ69 He's beyond horrible as an OC ,  what team would take him as a HC  ?   ...  We'll see about that . He'll be an NFL HC within two years . A good WR remembers to take care of his QB . RT @87ed Happy Birthday @johnelway  !   One of my best teammates ever  !  This actually is what I heard Herm say ...  RT @gthogan You drive to win the race ! Giants wide receiver Hakeem Nicks fractured the fifth metatarsal of his right foot this morning during the teams second OTA . On it goes ...  RT @MikeReiss Omaha World Herald reports Patriots CB Alfonzo Dennard arrested in connection with DUI . One coach.Big difference . Joe Banner  Adam Caplan join Jade McCarthy to discuss Bridgewater injury ,  Antonio Brown deal ,  ...  Rams GM Les Snead said LA is interested in signing WR Sammy Watkins to a long term contract ,  though the two sides are yet to discuss a deal . Indianapolis Colts defensive end Dwight Freeney has recorded a sack in each of the Colts first seven games of the season . Tennessee DE Derek Barnett isn't 100% but he is going to work out today ,  per @RosenhausSports ,  who called his client tough guy.And BTW ,  @kingjames is a verified account ,  for those that are wondering . Still no verified team ,  but verified account . Super Bowl lineup the next four years NYNJ after 2013 season Arizona after 2014 SFSanta Clara after 2015 then Houston . One more QB down RT @JayGlazer Take one name out of search for QB ,  David Garrard told me he needs surgery on herniated disc in his back . Jeff Fisher said today he is considering coaching next season in only two places ,  Miami or St . Louis ,  and will make his decision next week . RT @sportswatch If NFL wants fan friendly enhanced season ,  here's an idea Enhance preseason by not charging regular season prices . Raiders are placing 2013 first round pick ,  CB D.J . Hayden ,  on PUP due to foot injury that has kept him out of camp ,  per source . People Twitter they're going to the gym   so I'm doing same . Yesterday AC wasn't working   people left . I roughed it . Prepared to do again . Standing with @dustinkeller81. We are having it out over the best steakhouses in NY  !  And he can't stay with me  !  Dying to know whether Peter Schaffer's hockey team won or lost . Bills coach Chan Gailey ,  asked today if hes heard from RB Marshawn Lynch No. And as Drew Rosenhaus would say ,  Next question . Link to new ESPN marketing spot for NFL Draft and a quick story on it  . Broncos play 49ers on Halloween in London at Wembley Stadium at 11 a.m . MST  5 p.m . UK .RT @dbarrett1984 Is Mike Wallace an unrestricted free agent  ?   ...  Restricted FA . But with Pitt 11 mil over cap today ,  Steelers vulnerable . Bill O'Brien 'Arrow pointing toward' J.J . Watt playing in Week 1 . After Mondays events in Boston ,  NFL will review security measures in place for next weeks draft to see if added reinforcements necessary . Bengals took S Tom Nelson off PUP list and added him to 53 man roster . Helps replace Ben Tate ...  RT@McClainonNFL Texans agree with RB Andre Brown . Bill O'Brien said WR DeAndre Hopkins took a personal day today ,  which is why he was not at practice . Jets QB Ryan Fitzpatrick is active but not starting he's the No . 2 today . Jets QB Christian Hackenburg inactive . The money shot of the ESPN commercial from @mortreport   a classic shot . ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown on now   with news ahead ... Love watching Golden State hard not to root for Cleveland . Not ready to unveil my anticipated NBA pick just yet ...  He said he expects to play . RT @lonkguy @AdamSchefter What's status on Andre Johnson  ?   Heard he went back to hospital for chest ... Great cause ...  RT @Hasselbeck we can all help end slavery . Please join us  !  #EndItMovement  . OK ,  I'm picking a random tweeter bw now and 50K and the 50k . Winners get this   . In regards to all the questions about other unsigned picks ,  it's like I used to tell @docb23 ,  when I get the news ,  you'll get the news . Wait ,  so the Dallas Cowboys' official website has a column on it that says Adrian Peterson would make them serious contenders ?  OK ... Advantage ,  Patriots  . RT @mortreport How smart does Garcia look Asked for & got his release from Raiders . From being No . 2 in Oak to possible No . 2 in Philly . Headline on this video says it all ... and why @tthasselbeck is our teammate ,  and no longer Eli Manning's ...  The Philadelphia Eagles announced they have agreed to terms with 2012 third round draft selection QB Nick Foles on a four year deal . Bills center Eric Wood ,  arguably Buffalo's best offensive lineman ,  tore his ACL Sunday and will miss the rest of the season . Eli Manning vs . Aaron Rodgers will be first wild card matchup in NFL postseason history between former Super Bowl MVP QBs . Arian Foster coming off PUP today . Still haven't installed Ubertwitter ,  though I've tried . Still can't get rid of auto signature on bberry ,  despite massive help . I'm hopeless . Giants announced they released linebacker Michael Boley . Ravens WR Torrey Smith officially active . Most unique aspect of Colin Kaepernicks new deal it contains 12 million in signing bonus ,  whereas most big QB deals are 24 40 million . 49ers announced they have signed P Andy Lee to a six year contract extension through the 2018 season . Here we go ...  Texans plan group protest options include kneeling ,  peeling Texans decal off helmet ,  raising fists ,  staying in locker room during anthem . Bears are keeping QB Jimmy Clausen over Jordan Palmer ,  who is being released ,  per sources . For now ,  Clausen has won Bears' backup job . Packers WR Ty Montgomery  ankle  and CBs Quinten Rollins  neck  and Sam Shields  shoulder  downgraded to doubtful . Injury report Im looking at shows @mortreport w a bum knee ,  questionable for Sunday . But my money's on Mort . He knows ya gotta play hurt . Seattle Seahawks have traded wide receiver Kevin Norwood to the Carolina Panthers for a 2017 undisclosed conditional draft choice . Panthers DE Greg Hardy is inactive ,  but important to note he still collects his weekly 770,588 paycheck . Should be pointed out in relation to Roger Goodell being compelled to testify ,  he will not be alone . Others who ...  Eagles now have three years with OT Jason Peters for 32.5 million ,  including 15.5 million gtd ,  per source . Ravens' LB Elvis Dumervil is shooting for a week 3 return at Jacksonville ,  per source . Out today vs Cleveland . Steelers have named former LB Joey Porter a defensive assistant coach ,  team announced . Once again ,  Bills have deactivated former 1st rd pick Aaron Maybin ,  who has turned out to be a bigger disappointment than Vernon Gholston . Biggest coinflip ever . Running into a door actually hurts . Its now looking like 8 weeks on IR ,  with designation to return . @DunkinDonuts  . Rather than being in Chicago for draft ,  Ray Lewis will remain in Baltimore to help try to stop the violence ...  Great tweet No . 2 ...  Steelers said they interviewed former Titans HC Mike Munchak today for their Offensive Line Coach opening . Nick Foles and Ron Jaworski   separated at birth  ?  Congratulations to Hall of Famers LaDainian Tomlinson ,  Terrell Davis ,  Kurt Warner ,  Jason Taylor ,  Morten Andersen ,  Jerry Jones ,  Kenny Easley . So for now ,  Saints TE Jimmy Graham is expected to play ,  though not expected to start due to shoulder injury . Will test injury in pregame . Vick's talking  ?  Two words About time . Once NFL and Don Yee agree to conditions ,  Saints and Payton are expected to commence discussions about contract extension ,  per NFL source . Eagles' LT Jason Peters  back  has been downgraded to OUT for Sundays game vs . Cowboys . Bengals' Adam Jones charged after allegedly poking man in eye . This is very interesting ...  He's day to day ,  like every one of us . RT @joecahill @AdamSchefter Any word on MBIII's quad injury  ?  Dolphins DE Cameron Wake is inactive tonight . And if I did get a DM from Lebron or @chrisbosh about where they're going ...  RT @cormacbooth You'd still be told to stick to football . Cardinals RB Chris Johnson actually would not be eligible to return until Super Bowl . So Cardinals and CJ holding out hope they can make it . Quite the honor   Cowboys COO Stephen Jones has become the newest member of the National Football Leagues Competition Committee . NFL fined the Giants 150,000 and HC Ben McAdoo 50,000 for illegal use of walkie talkies during game vs.Cowboys . I'd get my chauffeur hat ready RT @espn Vikings HC Brad Childress still doesn't know if Brett Favre will return    . Browns announced they cut LBs Eric Barton and David Bowens ,  DL Kenyon Coleman and Shaun Rogers ,  TE Robert Royal and OL  John St . Clair . Steelers Chiefs will be first NFL postseason game ever to start at 8 PM ET or later on a Sunday ,  via @EliasSports . It's hard not to feel like Jets HC Rex Ryan on this season's first episode of Hard Knocks Reee vis  ?  Reee vis  ?  Where are you ,  Revis  ?  Falcons have agreed to terms on a five year contract with S William Moore . Financial battle between Patriots and Aaron Hernandez looms ,  starting with 82,000 workout bonus ...  LB Manti Te'o did not practice Wednesday due to foot injury . Chargers preparing Bront Bird to start Monday vs . Texans . Jaguars releasing S Dawan Landry today . Cardinals released RB Beanie Wells . Chris Simms   high ankle sprain . Looks like 2 4 weeks . Denver has some QB decisions to make regarding final two preseason games and beyond . As expected after week 1 the Rams ,  Jaguars and Bills finish week 1 sitting atop their respective divisions ,  alone in first place . CB Marcus Trufant on PUP in Seattle with back injury   that means he can't play until the 7th week of the season . Big loss for Seahawks . WR Michael Floyd's blood alcohol content will affect his NFL punishment next season . curious . Some help is on the way   Bills signed former Steelers and Pats G Kendall Simmons and  placed OL Eric Wood on Injured Reserve . Back in early 1990s ,  there were no more than a dozen reporters covering combine . This year ,  the NFL issued 800 media credentials for it . Donovan McNabb's agent ,  Fletcher Smith ,  said he has been talking with a couple of teams ,  but teams and McNabb in hold pattern for now . Eagles signed rookie free agent QB Jacory Harris  Miami ,  FL .tweeps . Insurance at WR Chargers reached agreement on a one year deal with former Bills WR Josh Reed . Thanks2 @pologuy41 @SDiezal @DustinScott @SkinlessJSn @leesgreenberg @enyimage @joedonatelli @dklimah @snicksrolos @snuggliscious @djrmc24 . In the same week Carolina signed him ,  Panthers now have released former Giants S Stevie Brown ,  per source . Every first round has a surprise or two . Tonight's just might be CB D.J . Hayden ,  who continues to be linked to Oakland Raiders . Expecting so ,  yes . RT @brandonwilkins @AdamSchefter Will this week be more of an increased role for Reggie Bush  ?  While Denver focuses on DeMarcus WareVikings free agent DE Jared Allen is talking with the Bears and Seattle Seahawks ,  per league source . As @profootballtalk reported ,  RB Chris Johnson and Titans have agreed to new contract . No new years added ,  just money . Deal signed by Weds . Panthers C Ryan Kalil will sign his franchise tag   interesting in that the NFLPA has adopted stance that tags don't and won't exist . Anthony Lynn is Bills interim HC . Raiders RB Darren McFadden just grabbed his right hamstring as he ran out of bounds . Broncos OT Ryan Clady now expected to undergo season ending surgery . Cowboys RB Ezekiel Elliott is expected to appeal 6 game suspension ,  per sources . Has three business days to file appeal . Panthers are releasing former Clemson standout LB Ben Boulware today ,  per source . Steelers list LB James Harrison ,  S Troy Polamalu and RB Rashard Mendenhall as out for Sunday . Former Jaguars and Titans running backs coach Earnest Byner is the Buccaneers new running backs coach . Jets now control their own playoff destiny . If they can find a way to win their last two games   very difficult   they'll be in . A stunner Chargers plan to announce as early as Thursday they are moving to LA ,  ending 55 year stint with SD ,  league sources tell ESPN . Tom Donahoe ,  former Bills GM and Sr . Football Advisor for Eagles since 2012 ,  assumes role of Philly's Senior Director of Player Personnel . In the right situation ,  with the right organization ,  former Packers GM Ron Wolf would be interested in returning to the NFL . RT @ccpearce Congrats to Gates ,  Dielman ,  Rivers ,  Kaeding and Osgood ... deserving Pro Bowlers . May not be a bowl game ,  or any game this season ,  with as much draftable talent as tonight's Louisville Florida State game ,  per NfL exec . Chiefs HC Andy Reid said he plans to go to camp this summer with former No . 1 overall pick Eric Fisher playing left tackle . Ole Miss OC and former Dolphins QB coach David Lee has accepted the QB coaching job with the Buffalo Bills ,  Chris Mortensen reports . Cardinals' WR Michael Floyd didn't practice today due to hamstring injury . Floyd is new to injury report . Steelers at Patriots ,  five weeks from tonight ... And now WR Julian Edelman has reached agreement with Patriots ,  per source . Tom Brady keeps his WR . Right on RT @Mgrabinger People need to remember for Kaeding to miss the FGs ,  Rivers and Tomlinson failed to lead team into the end zone . Ravens are signing former Jets and Eagles LB Jason Babin ,  per source . Broncos' QB Mark Sanchez didn't play at all tonight . If Broncos decide not to keep him ,  they save 4.5 million and a 7th round pick . Christian Hackenberg officially No . 2 QB behind Josh McCown . Bryce Petty inactive . Forecast for Game 6. RT @greggrosenthal Consistent rain all day near Yankee Stadium ,  with dry patches not lasting long . Robert Griffin III became first player in NFL history to compile 300 plus passing yards ,  two or more passing TDs and no INTs in NFL debut . A growing sense that Ray Rice ,  who last played a game Dec . 29 ,  2013 ,  might get chance to play in NFL again this season ,  per league sources . Schedule day ,  not suspension day . NFL will not discipline Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger today . Earliest it could be is tomorrow . Despite using a first round pick on Brandon Weeden ,  the Browns do not expect to trade quarterback Colt McCoy . RT @FieldYates Saints HC Sean Payton announces S Jairus Byrd is out for year after tearing his lateral meniscus in practice on Tuesday . With Gary Kubiak healing ,  Broncos interim HC will be special teams coach Joe DeCamillas . In the end ,  De Smith and Roger Goodell can't win if no deal . Neither side likes the alternative . Thus ,  they'll figure it out . They have to . Top 10 draft picks 1. KC 2. JAX 3. OAK 4. PHIL 5. DET 6. CLEV 7. ARIZ 8. BUFF 9. NYJ 10. TEN . Closest feeling there is to the morning of Christmas . RT @Derface9821 Any chance redskins trade for one of patriots picks in late 1st to get RG3 kendall Wright  ?   ...  Redskins traded their picks . Russell Wilson joins Seattle group eyeing NBANHL arena . Perfect ,  just like the Saints season they're calling it Dat Tuesday instead of Fat Tuesday.Falcons' RB Tevin Coleman ,  who aggravated a hamstring injury vs Chargers ,  is unlikely to play Sunday vs . Packers ,  per league source . Josh McCown . ESPN's NFL MVP Poll Derek Carr takes top spot . there . NYG LB Jon Beason emailing teams to say he will be representing himself during free agency . They can't answer him back yet   tampering . RT @ArmandoSalguero #Dolphins source confirms team has traded Ted Ginn Jr . to San Francisco 49'ers . 49ers DL Ricky Jean Francois scheduled to visit Eagles on Wednesday . The puzzling plummet of RGIII ,  via @JReidESPN and @TheUndefeated ...  Seahawks HC Pete Carroll turns 60 today . He's donating all gifts to @ABetterSeattle . To donate ,  please go to wishes.causes.competecarroll . Major questions about Bears WRs ,  Marshall and Jeffery . One source said 75 percent sure neither plays tonight . Bears signed two PS WRs Sat . Jockey announcing it will give 40,000 fans 1 million worth of Jockey product if Tim Tebow and the Broncos win the Super Bowl . Broncos LB Nick Greisens wife participating in Oprahs Your Own Show contest . Vote for her at  . At No . 210 ,  Bucs took the son of Russ Grimm ,  Virginia Tech DB Cody Grimm . #nfldraft . Deal is expected to be signed tomorrow . RT @tomecurran Pats RB Kevin Faulk does a 1 year deal wPatriots according to CSN's Chris Collins . Cowboys WR Dez Bryant is starting vs . Carolina . Jake Butt is 10th Michigan player drafted in 2017 ,  tied for their most in a single year in Common Draft Era  also had 10 in 1972 and 1974 .Story from earlier on 49ers plans to dismiss HC Chip Kelly and GM Trent Baalke.Just as Charges TE Antonio Gates is inactive ,  so is Texans TE Owen Daniels . Two inactive TEs . First Super Bowl LI Injury Report  . My one conversation from April 2003 with the late ,  great John Wooden . Steelers don't have to worry about Cam Heyward missing Sunday's game if his wife ,  Allie ,  went into labor . Couple welcomed baby boy this am . RT @McClainonNFL J Joseph gets 5 years ,  48.75 million and 23.5 guaranteed ,  including 12.5 signing bonus ,  from Houston . Lions WR Ryan Broyles   torn ACL . NFL Insiders and NFL Live both on ESPN2 today 3 5 pm ET  college bowl game on ESPN at 2 pm .Falcons only Monday night road win in franchise history came in 1979 at Philadelphia against some quarterback named Ron Jaworski . 49ers RB Reggie Bush's injury not as bad as team feared . Bush strained a calf muscle strain ,  per source . No tear there . Seahawks CB Brandon Browner is facing a one year suspension from NFL for violating substance abuse policy ,  per NFL sources . He has appealed . RT @dfox74 Am I crazy to start Schaub over Rivers this week  ?   ...  With this and any FF question always think it's best to play best player . RT @McClainonNFL Texans are keeping kicker Neil Rackers over Kris Brown ,  who was the last original Texan . Off to NY City . Driving in to do a noon radio spot on Sirius Satellite Radio with my friends Adam Schein and Solomon Wilcots . Doug Marrone has opted out of his contract as the Buffalo Bills coach and is now a free agent to pursue other jobs ,  per @mortreport and me . Vikings officially signed OT Jake Long and placed OT Andre Smith on IR . Vikings moves'  . One year ago today ,  Teddy Bridgewater suffered brutal knee injury Mike Zimmer says his QB is progressing well  . Carson Palmer intended to retire . Yet he has a job and a team while his former Bengals teammates ,  Terrell Owens and Chad Ochocinco ,  don't . RT @JoshCanu  Any word on Steven Jackson's status  ?  &lt  Doesn't play until 4 p.m .   inactives not turned in till 90 minutes before kickoff . Vikings RB Adrian Peterson is active . RT @ProFootballTalk Pacman Jones to sign with the Bengals .  Story coming at PFT . Div round schedule Saturday   New Orleans @ 430 ET ,  Indianapolis @ 815 ET .    Sunday   Minnesota @ 100 ET ,  San Diego @ 440 ET . Cowboys would save 3.6 million against their salary cap if they released WR Miles Austin . The team is roughly 18 million over the cap . Today's trade was big win for Cleveland its leverage for No . 2 pick went way up . Anyone who wants next QB now needs to pay up to Cleveland . Lots of questions about Denver's next HC and Jeff Fisher's decisions as Titans HC last night at a just completed chat . New York Jets become favorites to land former Bills HC Doug Marrone ,  who is from the Bronx . RT @FutureCat31 Who do you see bengals signing in free agency  ?   ...  Whomever they want ,  if they're willing . They're 60 million under cap . Earl Thomas listed as doubtful for Sunday.Mark Ingram questionable.Luke Kuechly out.Tom Brady and Rob Gronkowski questionable . Goodell and De Smith also agreed to a series of meetings over next few weeks ,  both formal bargaining sessions and smaller group meetings . A wrong being made right RT @RobDemovsky Packers to take team Super Bowl photo Friday so that IR players will be included . Harrison restructured contract in August ,  taking his base salary down to 1,250,000. The pay cycle is 117th ,  therefore he'd be out 73,529.As expected ,  Panthers QB Cam Newton cleared to start Sunday vs Saints . This is interesting Cleveland QB Brock Osweiler is not expected to play in the Browns' third preseason game ,  per sources . Giants made it official and said Odell Beckhams fractured ankle is season ending . 3 Vitt They're lies . What is on that paper  shown to NFLPA and media  is false . How can anything else on that paper be considered ? Asked for Brett Favre's status in a text this am ,  Vikings HC Leslie Frazier responded Doubtful but sometimes you never know with him.Robert Gallery said it's time to leave the Raiders . Here are the details  . Dolphins guard Richie Incognito will resume meeting again this morning with Ted Wells after meeting with him until 730 last night . With Packers in need of help ,  it wouldn't be a surprise to see Green Bay sign WR Tavarres King off Broncos practice squad . Aside from Cutler and Bears ,  other NFC teams reporting two weeks from today Falcons ,  Lions ,  Packers ,  Rams ,  Seahawks and Gruden less Bucs . New Orleans plans to hire former Cowboys defensive coordinator Rob Ryan as its new defensive coordinator ,  per league sources . With Seattle placing TE Anthony McCoy on injured reserve today ,  Seahawks worked out former Pats ,  Bucs ,  Chiefs TE Steve Maneri . Read this last night   and it's superb RT @sportswatch Gary Smith's piece on Floyd Little is excellent . Jason Pierre Paul plans to return to Giants next week ,  per @DanGrazianoESPN . Giants will examine hand and determine when he can play . Raiders will observe a moment of silence before Sunday's game in recognition of victims and families from Fridays Oakland warehouse fire . The decal on the back of the N.Y . Giants helmet ...  How entertaining is this headline ...  RT @GMA Keyshawn Johnson calls Justin Bieber entitled teen  . Steelers have placed veteran nose tackle Chris Hoke  neck  and running back Jonathan Dwyer  foot  on IR . After all the acrimony and anger ,  who would have thought Von Miller was the franchise player most likely to land a deal at the deadline  ?  NFL Insiders recap Championship Sunday along with other news and analysis . Jadeveon Clowney is the 1st defensive player drafted No . 1 overall since Mario Williams in 2006 ,  last time Texans had No . 1 pick . We'll see if this is true ,  but have been told by a league source familiar with Cedric Benson's case that it is very minor.The fourth quarter play on his last pass attempt in which Ben Roethlisberger was hurt ,  via @EthanHesse . RT @albertbreer Great work by @JeffDarlington here on the Dolphins@rosenhaussports dynamic . Real interesting stuff  . As I sit down at a seder ,  I'm reminded that former Broncos RB Terrell Davis once called gefilte fish the hot dog of fish.Chargers have ruled out RBs Donald Brown and Ryan Mathews along with CB Brandon Flowers for Thursday night's game in Denver . RT @DisplacedWhoDat I thought at a press conference ,  reporters get to ask questions .  ...  That's always the way I understood it . Ravens and Pro Bowl OLB Terrell Suggs have reached agreeement on a new contract extension ,  per a source who has learned of the deal . Titans DT Kevin Vickerson signed his tender today with Tennessee . Good sign for Redskins Carlos Rogers working on JUGS machine ,  catching balls ,  to make up for INTs he dropped . When a team says a player is out of game at start of 2nd half as Steelers did with Polamalu ,  its never good   just how bad . Had the NFL draft been in its regular slot this year ,  it would have wrapped up just minutes ago . Instead ,  mock on . League is fining Bengals LB Rey Maualuga two games worth of salary ,  but there will be no suspension . RT @joegermm Is Kolb really worth all that  ?   ...  As long as a someone is willing to pay it ,  yes . And my sense is someone will . Marshawn Lynch's 275,000 fine for forfeiture of signing bonus can grow 1 percent each day he misses ,  from 15% today to 25% max   375,000.Vikings have signed free agent WR Hank Baskett and waived TE Mickey Shuler . Weather on the East Coast finally is starting to heat up ,  humidity and all   just in time for training camp . RT @MrMichaelSmith There's a bogus web report regarding Donovan McNabb wmy name attached to it . Disregard it . McNabb is still an Eagle . Antonio Brown deal 4 year extension worth 68 million   17M per year over 4 years ,  and 18.5M over 3 years . Tied to Steelers through 2021.Seahawks terminated contract of veteran TE Zach Miller ,  once the type of coveted free agent Julius Thomas and Jordan Cameron will be . Matt Barkley Pro Day today . How high will he go in next month's draft  ?  Panthers signed former Steelers and Eagles CB Brandon Boykin to a one year contract . RT @wingoz steelers resume OTA'S today . Ben Roethlisberger won't be there . Still not cleared by league to rejoin team for workouts . Congratulations to Vikings' TE Kyle Rudolph ,  who announced at Twins game that his wife Jordan is pregnant w twins  . And in a short time ,  expected to be official DeSean Jackson will be a Redskin . Finishing touches now being out on deal . More details on deal . RT @espn Sources Jahri Evans of New Orleans Saints gets richest guard deal    . Most confusing question of all don't understand what it means . A big warm Twitter welcome to my colleague and friend  @TomJackson57   who I can't believe is now on Twitter . Bengals announced 3 year contract extension for RB Giovani Bernard that ties him to Cincinnati through 2019 ,  as @TomPelissero reported . NFL stunner Texans trade QB Brock Osweiler AND a 2018 second round pick to Cleveland for the Browns to take ...  Filed to ESPN QB Daunte Culpepper is on verge of going from NFL's Detroit Lions to UFL's Sacramento Mountain Lions . A deal is near . Thanks to @A12Live @TheMikeT @IainLiddle @NFLFantasyNews @RalphRandom @stjoechief @brownsfan162452 @kcjoker @Tre9er @kcredsox @bdberto12 . Browns acquired offensive lineman John Greco from the Rams for an undisclosed 2012 draft choice . Rams ,  Vikings ,  Buccaneers all getting multiple phone calls for their picks at top of 2nd round . Going to be an active night . #nfldraft . Old school ...  RT @Hasselbeck True story ...  Andrew Luck's cell phone . #impressive  . Kyle Shanahan officially has been named the 49ers head coach . All head coach and GM vacancies filled . More and more interesting . RT @mattbarrows Source Alex Smith to visit Seahawks after Dolphins  ...  RT @EricEdholm It's an important development because retired players held some power to derail deal from getting done . Sounds like Andre Johnson is retiring today ...  Here's how sold out Indianapolis is this week ...  Gentlemen ,  start your checkbooks . NFL teams now have waiver wire . should . Jim Nantz reported that Brady came out for start of 3rd quarter   then went back to locker room . Nantz thought Brady would play longer ,  too . Underrated . No . 1 WR there . Would take No . 1 WR anywhere . Jaguars waived WR Jason Hill ,  placed S Courtney Greene on injured reserve and signed RB DuJuan Harris and CB Morgan Trent to active roster . Looks like a QB change in Denver . As big an acquisition as Wes Welker ...  RT @PostBroncos Broncos bring back Alex Gibbs as offensive line consultant  . Umpire Tony Michalek ,  who called penalty on Pats ,  did not call it on Jets ,  even though NFL admitted in HC video that both were violations . For the first time in almost a month ,  Giants' WR Odell Beckham Jr . is practicing today . He is participating in individual drills . Oakland had Derek Carr as its top rated QB ... Updated ESPN schedule for Sunday10a NFL Insiders11a Postseason NFL Countdown3p Bonus Postseason NFL Countdown before Packers Cowboys . Streak is alive  !  During 31 years of work on ESPN ,  Mel Kiper Jr . Never has taken a bathroom break during any NFL draft . Vikings announced Teddy Bridgewater tore his ACL and suffered other structural damage . Browns were awarded DB DeAngelo Smith off waivers from Detroit . In addition ,  the Browns waived DB Matterral Richardson . No practice today for JJ Watt . Hes dealing with a minor back issue ,  said Texans HC Bill O'Brien . Now Andrew Luck can have one heck of a book club spread . Dallas' Jeremy Mincey ,  NFL's 70th highest paid DE ,  not reporting to training camp in Oxnard ,  per source unsuccessful working out new deal . Love the @steelers new Twitter avatar ... as well as this RT @steelers A great man . Cowboys intend to have Matt Cassel start at quarterback against the New York Giants after bye week ,  per @Edwerderespn . And a very happy 50th birthday to President Barack Obama . Browns' Radiothon raised 135,000 that Dee and Jimmy Haslam matched . Money being used for students to get high quality education in NE Ohio . Panthers officially activating TE Greg Olsen off injured reserve today . And the Giants take Ryan Nassib . To go along with Justin Pugh . P . Manning ,  D . Brees ,  Tom Brady ,  Logan Mankins ,  Mike Vrabel ,  Vincent Jackson ,  Ben Leber ,  Brian Robison and Texas AM linebacker Von Miller . Dolphins aware of video of their OL coach Chris Foerster snorting white powder ...  Baltimore traded a 3  4 for Anquan Boldin ,  Miami two 2's for Brandon Marshall ,  Minnesota a 3 for Randy Moss . How's a 5 for S . Holmes look  ?  Talk about a day . The wife of Packers DE Jarius Wynn had a healthy baby boy this morning at a local Texas hospital . buddy . Also ,  one HC candidate the Broncos want to interview is Seahawks DC Dan Quinn  who doesn't ?  .Welcome aboard to all RT @richarddeitsch The writing roster just got came down from @ESPNNewYork Some very nice hires  . Attn Fantasy players in an interview on ESPN w Ed Werder ,  Carson Palmer  compared Chris Henry to Randy Moss . Called him Randy Moss Jr.Captain Andrew Lum ,  Office of the Chief ,  Honolulu Police Department At 130 am this morning ,  Honolulu Police Departm  . No truth to the rumor that the Seahawks traded #15 ,  Seneca Wallace ,  to free it up for WR Brandon Marshall . Cardinals RB Beanie Wells is inactive . More WRs on the move Former Chargers WR Legedu Naanee and the Carolina Panthers reached agreement on a 1 year deal . A RB update from Minn ...  RT @seankjensen Vikings players were informed last night that Adrian Peterson will not play against the Eagles . So I guess it's fair to assume ,  despite the Patriots ultra secretive ways ,  that Wes Welker is playing the opener vs . Cincinnati . RT @SIPeterKing Dez Bryant round the world tour continues in Baltimore tonite . Dez dining with off coord Cam Cameron downtown . Browns to start Cody Kessler at quarterback Sunday . Texans say theyre uncertain how long JJ Watt will be out with his tibial plateau fracture to his left leg . Seahawks have waived running back LenDale White ,  the team announced this afternoon . Broncos believe that even with HC John Fox suffering a suspected heart attack ,  he should be OK . Pittsburgh granted three compensatory picks   two in the fifth round and one in the seventh round . So what do we call last night's game  ?  The Inaccurate Reception  ?  The Fail Mary  ?  Any ideas ...  ? 49ers have placed WR Torrey Smith on Injured Reserve List and promoted LB Wynton McManis to teams active roster . Former Rams S Rodney McLeod will go to the Eagles on a 5 year ,  37 million deal that includes 17 guaranteed ,  per source . Packers released       WR Jared Abbrederis         LB Carl Bradford         RB John Crockett         S ...  Baltimore now has traded down twice in round 2 ,  picking up additional 4th  and 5th round picks in those trades . According to a CAA spokesman ,  who works for agency that represents Jabril Peppers Peppers went to the ...  Chiefs released OT Eric Winston tonight . Bill O'Brien said Sunday's Jaguars Texans game will be played in Houston . Chiefs traded OL Isaiah Battle to Seattle . Under the NFL's constitution ,  Jim Irsay cannot be fined more than 500,000 unless Roger Goodell went to owners to request heavier penalties . Friday 10 Spot Houston ,  @MSchaub8 and the Texans could wind up clinching real early .  2016 UK International Series Jaguars Colts Oct 4 Rams NFC East opponent that finishes in same slot Oct . 23 Bengals Redskins October 30.At No . 116 ,  Steelers take typical Steelers LB Ohio St . LB Thaddeus Gibson . #nfldraft . RT @adbrandt Willis deal has big signing bonus ,  then supersede signing bonus in training camp 2011 not subject to 30% rule . Loophole found . NFLPA intends to request en banc hearing on behalf of Ezekiel Elliott ...  Giants director of college scouting Marc Ross ,  a real up and comer ,  is scheduled to interview for Seahawks GM job next week . Broncos had Shane Ray as 10th rated player in draft ,  one reason why they traded up to pick him at No . 23.Bills' RB LeSean McCoy had a surgical procedure on his thumb today and will be ready to play this Sunday ,  per source . Chad Johnson is still in police custody ,  will have to see a judge before he is released ,  according to Davie Police Dept captain Dale Engle . Saints cut LB Barrett Ruud and signed DB Elbert Mack . Green Bay's win over Dallas was first postseason game to feature three 50 yard FG in final 2 minutes of the 4th quarter ,  per @EliasSports . Not hopeless RT @devinconnors Brian St . Pierre also led my high school  St . Johns Prep in Danvers ,  MA  to a Div . 1 championship in 1997.And now ,  Panthers officially have tagged Kawann Short ,  per source . Remember Aaron Rodgers' tweet from Feb . 2012 ,  offering his year's salary if Ryan Braun is proven guilty  ?  Seems time to pay up . For Colts and Eagles fans RT @KelliZink Here's @celebtv's take on the Hank Baskett and @kendrawilkinson news  . #KnowThemFromAdamChargers WR Keenan Allen on his and his teams production ,  Korn Ferry executive Jed Hughes on co  . An oversight on another member of Class of 98 RT @PatrickMannelly I know I'm just a longsnapper but you forgot about me . Class of 98.ESPN Cleveland Radio is reporting the NFL is reviewing a failed drug test by Browns CB Joe Haden that could result in four game suspension . Bears trying out former Michigan QB Denard Robinson . DHB deal done in Oakland . Freeman looked done ,  then had a setback ,  now sides hoping to wrap up today . Buccaneers and Falcons now tied for first place in NFC South . Before joining family for the night ,  wishing everyone a prosperous and peaceful ,  happy and healthy New Year . Browns WR Josh Gordon spotted in NYC today and league source confirmed he will meet with NFL on Tues . Browns could look to trade his rights . Vikings have guarded optimism but concern about QB Sam Bradford's left knee injury that required an MRI this week ,  per @mortreport . If Andrew Luck cannot start Thanksgiving night vs Steelers ,  Scott Tolzien would . Bob Ley remembers John Saunders . Current draft order 1. Texans 2. Rams via Redskins 3. Falcons 4. Vikings 5. Raiders . Cardinals' HC Bruce Arians and Broncos' GM John Elway are being added to NFL's prestigious competition committee ,  per league sources . And there it is Dallas drafts ... Randy Gregory . Add one more team to the Steve Spagnuolo mix . Spagnuolo spent Monday visiting with the Colts about their DC job . RT @PeteThamelNYT Good read . Jeff Pearlman tracks down some folks who hate tweet and finds them meek and apologetic . In non Colt McCoy news ,  Browns Pres . Mike Holmgren called Pat Shurmur a very competent young head coach who will be here for a long time.Jets have major announcement tomorrow . My guess   and emphasis is on guess   is that they'll be featured on this summer's Hard Knocks . Our seating arrangement for tonight ...  RT @mortreport Getting ready for the #NFLDraft w @AdamSchefter  . LeBron on Kaep . A worthy cause RT @MarkSchlereth Plz help me get 10K turkeys for CO Needy . Trees For Turkeys  . RT @Twinsanitydad John Lennon's death is getting more coverage than the 69th anniversary of Pearl Harbor from yesterday . Truly sad indeed . RT @tonysopRAMo  CBA actually stands for Can't Believe the Absurdity  !   ...  Spot on . A 9 billion business is closed till further notice . Carolina picked Luke Kuechly at 9 ,  and Stephen Gilmore sounds headed to Buffalo at 10.Cameron Wake ,  Ndamukong Suh ,  Mario Williams  ...  Pretty good way for Laremy Tunsil to get acclimated to the NFL . Well ,  this is something ...  Had Jets gotten O'Connell on waivers ,  something tells me Clemens was a goner . RT @tunasweasel @AdamSchefter Kellen Clemens says phew . Just re listened to Norv Turner's comments after @NFL32. He said Eddie Royal is one of the most impressive players he has coached recently . A good summary of today's events . RT @GregABedard  As clock ticks ,  NFL and union trade shots    . Texans' RB Arian Foster came up limping on pass play last night ,  never returned to practice and @taniaganguli reports Foster hurt his groin . Rough part of draft weekend 28 underclassmen that left school early to jump to NFL went undrafted . Trent Dilfer was closest to the pin ... Rams players were due at 11 am PST . Aaron Donald still has now shown up yet . He's now officially late . Looks like holdout is on . Jaguars said WR Allen Hurns ,  who has a TD in 7 straight games ,  has a core injury and will visit a specialist in Philadelphia . Redskins rookie S Phillip Thomas has a left foot Lisfranc ligament tear itll be a four  or five month recovery .  . RT @evansilva Brandon Banks just made Redskins' 53 man roster with 77 yard TD return . 2009 Big 12 Special Teams Player of Year . Undrafted . Dolphins owner Stephen Ross says HC Joe Philbin will return next season . Redskins told RB Matt Jones they are waiving him ,  per source . NBC reported Cowboys RB DeMarco Murray has a fractured right ankle . Patriots holding moment of silence tonight for Ezra Schwartz ,  the 18 year old killed in Israel by terrorists . Schwartz was big Patriots fan . Surprise ,  surprise . Broncos OL Ryan Lilja ,  who came out of retirement ,  underwent off season micro fracture knee surgery . Steelers go DBs Artie Burns ,  Sean Davis in top two rounds . Also get back last years 2nd Rd pick ,  Senquez Golson ,  from season ending injury . too . Lions signed former Cowboys guard Leonard Davis . Said to be in decent shape and ready to learn Detroit's playbook . Colts signed second round pick ,  LB Pat Angerer ,  and third round pick DB Kevin Thomas . Oakland Raiders now have hired HC Jack Del Rio ,  as @mortreport reported they would . 49ers QB Thad Lewis tore his ACL ,  per source . An @OGOchocinco text this am I'm playing with an extra set of hands ,  legs ,  and heart ,  85  15  100 ways I'll be great today.Please allow me Just Breathe by Pearl Jam is off the charts good and beyond powerful .  Go ahead ,  Stick to football ,  Schefter !  .Seahawks WR Golden Tate is visiting Detroit tonight . Ron Jaworski on SC about Colin Kaepernick I truly believe Colin Kaepernick could be one of the greatest QBs ever.If Coral Springs Police charge JPP with criminal possession of fireworks ,  as @JordanRaanan said possible ,  he'd be subject to NFL discipline . Now official former Chiefs HC Romeo Crennel signed a three year deal to become defensive coordinator of the Houston Texans . Great way of putting it . RT @ProFootballTalk Cerrato Haynesworth signed with the Redskins ,  not the 4 3 defense . We'll see if anything changes ,  it always could ,  but De Smith told players during his conference call the plan is to decertify . Filed to ESPN Redskins reached agreement on a one year deal with QB Rex Grossman ,  who will be reunited with OC Kyle Shanahan . One more time for people tweeting me Jarmon was only player picked today . He went in the third round to Washington . No other players picked . Remaining schedule Eagles Sun Ravens Redskins Mon Titans Tues Jags Weds Dolphins Thurs Bucs Fri Panthers Sat Falcons Sun Saints Mon .  . RT @ClaytonESPN Kam Chancellor received five year ,  35 million contract extension from Seahawks . He gets 17 million guaranteed . Jaguars reached agreement on a two year deal with former Browns WR Mohamed Massaquoi . Cardinals CB Tyrann Mathieu received a signing bonus of 265,000 instead of his slotted 662,500. So Cards got discount . New England just traded No . 89 to Carolina for a second rounder next year . Pats stocked with two 1s and two 2s in 2011. Wow . #nfldraft . Titans WRs Kenny Britt  knee  and Kendall Wright  knee  both listed as probable . Don't know what happened at Bills' @morteport pow wow in Detroit . But I'm sure Mr . Wilson made it very clear he wants to win   now . Or else . Last hurdle to a trade between Saints and Dolphins was cleared when RB Reggie Bush reached agreement on a new 2 year contract with Miami . Jets WR Brandon Marshall's knee felt much better Saturday ,  so good chance he plays today vs . Chiefs ,  per ...  Our guest analyst on ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown from 10 am to 1 pm QB Donovan McNabb . Thank you for putting up with me ,  entertaining me ,  educating me ,  motivating me ,  and becoming a part of my Twitter family . I appreciate it . ESPN commentators share predictions for the 2016 NFL season . Chiefs signed T Barry Richardson off their practice squad an onto the 53 man roster . Team also released LB Justin Rogers . More teams that could use WR Vincent Jackson Oakland ,  Kansas City ,  Cleveland ,  St . Louis ,  Chicago . Someone's going to pay the man . Ryan Longwell ,  a 15 year NFL veteran who has not been in uniform this season ,  will sign with the Seattle Seahawks ,  per @Edwerderespn . Significant injury news on a top Chiefs player . Issue is ,  Tony Romo isnt eligible to play until Week 11 ,  per NFL's short term IR rules . So Romo expected to return week 11 ,  vs Miami . As long as Matt Ryan's QB ,  yes . RT @Hurricanes4life do you think Falcons have a shot to make playoffs this year in a crowded nfc picture  ?  Super Bowl Sunday is the closest feeling people in this industry get to the last day of school . Money men In the 4th quarter today ,  Brett Favre went 7 for 8 for 86 yards and a touchdown ,  and Adrian Peterson had 7 carries for 68 yards . NFL will not announce any possible Ezekiel Elliott discipline today ,  nor this weekend . Cowboys report to camp Saturday with matter pending . Fact of day . RT @psmyth12 Al Michaels calling Pro Bowl for 15th time in his career . NFC QB for his 1st Pro Bowl in 1980 was Archie Manning . Texans S Ed Reed and WR Andre Johnson both playing today vs . Baltimore . Not the last we've heard RT @MIKESIMSWALKER That was embarrasing ,  and ur guess is as good as mine as to why they don't throw me the ball  !  A TD before the 2 minute warning is like getting an extra timeout . Panthers QB Cam Newton officially inactive . Derek Anderson starts for Panthers . Jags owner Shahid Khan announced that the team is parting ways with general manager Gene Smith . Quote of the Day ...  RT @KeenanRobinson1 Man next time Ima just take an @Uber to the game . Filed to ESPN Mike Shanahan signed a five year contract with the Redskins . Becomes head coach and Exec VP of football operations . From moment 49ers used a 5th round pick on Clemson punter Bradley Pinion ,  Andy Lee's days in SF were numbered . Now Lee starts fresh in CLEV . PART 3 I did not intend to offend anyone ,  but that is no excuse for what I said . I will do my best to learn from this.Great stat from @SIPeterKing Vick has thrown no INTs ,  and has a 110.2 QB rating . Never has had a QB rating higher than 81 in career . Former Cowboys RB Marion Barber reaches agreement on a 2 year deal for 5 million with the Chicago Bears . RT @OGOchocinco OCNNBREAKINGNEWS Empire State of Mind winkwink smart folk will put this together and figure out what im talking about #6 . Pat Bowlen Everyone w Broncos is shocked and saddened by loss of Kenny McKinley . He was part of Broncos family ,  will be greatly missed . Now we know why DeMarco Murray has deleted Cowboys' references on his Twitter account team has not called him since last week ,  per source . Bengals signed former Bucs ,  Browns and Saints C Jeff Faine . This scene from this movie   as memorable as any from my childhood   symbolizes the greatness of Gene Wilder . Suggestion 4  could be profitable  ...  RT @GPStheSequel get one of those back drops with a sponsor like the teams have for press conferences . Big change in Baltimore Ravens firing OC Marc Trestman ,  replacing him with Marty Mornhinweg ,  per league sources . Former Ravens FB Vonta Leach is scheduled to fly to and visit Miami on Wednesday . Dolphins still have about 17 million in cap space . These numbers sound familiar Dolphins gave former Browns TE Jordan Cameron a 2 year ,  15 million deal ,  per source . RT @ProFootballHOF Our official statement regarding cancellation of 2011 NFLHall of Fame Game & refund policy . AFC wild card roundOakland at Houston.Miami at Pittsburgh . RT @schadjoe Michigan AD Dave Brandon gets his Michigan Man ,  Brady Hoke . TRO granted ,  good for 14 days ,  at which point Judge will rule on whether or not to grant Preliminary Injunction and keep Zeke eligible . And I also firmly believe Vick was contacted by Buffalo ,  it's just that those talks never really seemed to go anywhere ,  for whatever reason . RT @MrMichaelSmith Steelers statement re Ben . in other words ,  stay tuned . 21 SEC players were taken in first 2 rounds ,  the most by a single conference through 2 rounds in Common Draft Era . Seahawks CB Richard Sherman did rupture his Achilles ...  Chargers fired HC Mike McCoy . Cardinals signed former Lions and Jags WR Mike Thomas . Bucs Dolphins now will be scheduled to play in Miami in Week 11.Just met Texas QB Colt McCoy ,  who reported his wing is making progress and he plans to try to throw at the combine this month . Denver explored a trade up for Christian McCaffrey ,  inquired about Joe Thomas' availability ,  but ultimately stayed put at 20 for an OT . G Chris Williams signing a four year ,  13.5 million deal that includes 5.5 million guaranteed with the Buffalo Bills . As unlikely as it is to happen ,  Colts are free to sign their No . 1 overall pick starting Friday ,  after coinflip to decide draft picks . One of draft's hottest players is Oregon's Dion Jordan . Visited ARIZ ,  JAX ,  PHIL ,  still scheduled to go to NYJ ,  TB ,  BUF ,  TEN ,  PIT ,  DET ,  CLE . Looks like the preseason of QB protests  . With NFLs trade deadline coming up Tuesday ,  Colts receiving inquires on CB Vontae Davis ,  per league sources . Talking to at least 2 teams . Sounds unlikely that Packers WR Greg Jennings ,  with his groin injury ,  will be able to play Thursday night vs . Bears . Bet Browns WR Braylon Edwards ,  entering last year of his deal ,  is salivating at idea of becoming a free agent . Competition committee proposing to permanently move extra point attempts to defensive team's 15 yard line ,  and allow defense to return miss . Steelers have signed unrestricted free agent linebacker Arthur Moats to a one year contract ,  the team announced . Now Chargers have announced that OLB Melvin Ingram tore his left ACL during this morning's Organized Team Activity  OTA .Despite being questionable with a knee injury ,  Jets CB Antonio Cromartie is expected to play vs Steelers on Sunday . Mort & Schefter's Week 13 notebook Kirk Cousins' leverage over Redskins.And there it is   knee surgery for Adrian Peterson . Expected to miss multiple games . RT @GoPedal91 Any truth to Joseph Addai going to pats  ?   ...  Two sides reached agreement . Addai expected to sign with NE by Wednesday . RT rotoe31@Adamschefter 30 days baby  !   till I report to work   guess all this talk of rookies and vets reporting made me a little jealous  . For the second straight day ,  Chiefs QB Matt Cassel was a limited participant in practice . Imagine if this were NY . RT @mchappell51 Not exactly quiet offseason for colts . First LaVon Brazill ,  then Joe Lefeged ,  now Weslye Saunders . Former Texans and Colts WR Andre Johnson visited the Tennessee Titans today ,  as @McClainonNFL reported . Feel out session for both sides . ESPN will televise a Wild Card playoff game during 2014 season ,  the first NFL playoff game in companys 35 year history . Seattle traded to Tampa two picks that turned into RB Warrick Dunn and CB Ronde Barber for right to draft Walter Jones 6th overall in 1997.South Carolina DE Jadeveon Clowney timed in 40 at an unofficial 4.47. Wow ... To all those tweeting to correct me ,  is this right Graham has gone ham  ?  New This Is SportsCenter commercial ,  featuring Yasiel Puig ,  Kenny Mayne ,  Stan Verrett ,  Neil Everett ...  Bears make it official acquire 4th round  #127 overall  pick from Patriots for TE Martellus Bennett and a 6th round  #204 overall  pick . Look who's now on Twitter @donovanjmcnabb . To make room on roster ,  Jets waived DBs Dexter McDougle and Ronald Martin ,  as well as RBs Khiry Robinson and Dominique Williams ,  per source . A little football present for Arizona . Cardinals sold out Sunday's game vs . Rams ,  so no black out . Vikings announced kicker Blair Walsh has signed a contract extension . Redskins CB DeAngelo Hall confirmed he is out for season with a torn Achilles . Pouring on East Coast . Great excuse to sit inside tonight ,  confiscate the remote from the wife ,  and watch some preseason football . Seahawks' WR Doug Baldwin's new four year extension with Seattle is worth north of 11 million per year ,  per source . Little of both . RT @AndrewSchlanser Bob Sanders playing 47 of 96 games since being drafted..injury prone or plays so hard it just happens  ?  Typical great Ravens pick at No . 114 ,  Ravens select Brigham Young TE Dennis Pitta . #nflldraft . The best record in the NFL ,  8 1 ,  now belongs to the Dallas Cowboys . RT @wingoz Rough game for coaches in TB . Sean Payton MCL tear ,  knee fracture . Bucs DB coach Jimmy Lake tore patellar tendon celebrating INT . S Brian Dawkins had 11 tackles today for the Bronocs on a defense that was pretty impressive . Packers TE Jermichael Finley   star . And a beast for years to come . Your day couldn't have been this good RT @AaronRodgers12 Golfed with living legends MJ and Jerry Rice today . Played terrible but had blast . Great take on major brawl at Cardinals camp from Mike Sando . The two greatest to ever play their sports born on same day . RT @LenBermanSports Happy 75th Jim Brown . Happy 48th Michael Jordan . From @mortreport and me Bills intensifying efforts Sunday night to sign former Bucs QB Josh Freeman . Vikings ,  Raiders also interested . Rumor of Crabtree signing is as wrong for now as the one of Plaxico being a free man . No deal for Crabtree   don't sense one's close . There's absolutely a chance that Ravens' WR Breshad Perriman could return for 2016 season ,  per source . Surgery Tuesday should tell more . New York Jets' iPad passcode is 1969 ,  last time team won Super Bowl  . Broncos LB Von Miller is inactive ,  according to a Denver official . RT @MitchHawk Do you have any interest in fantasy   &gt Absolutely . Have 2 teams . But I don'tlike to give fantasy advice and be liable . Former Washington GM Scot McLoughan The young QB Id start my franchise with would be Carson Wentz . Cardinals agreed to trade conditional 7th rd pick to Eagles for Matt Barkley ,  per source . Eagles get pick if Barkley on roster for 6 games . Warped thought it's 1111 on 111111. For the last time . Ed Reed went unclaimed on waivers . Now a free agent . According to Elias ,  Tim Tebow became first QB with more rushes than passes in a game in which he threw every pass for his team since 1974.Cardinals hired Jen Welter ,  believed to be first female to hold an NFL coaching position ,  to work with inside linebackers at training camp . Patriots announced they placed WR Aaron Dobson on IR . For those wanting a mini report on new Eagles DE Phillip Hunt . RT @bluebombers4 Up here in Winnipeg ,  Hunt was a monster last season . Presidentially pardoned mother of Broncos WR Demaryius Thomas will watch him play for first time ever in person ...  LaDainian Tomlinson scored 162 regular season TDs   only Jerry Rice and Emmitt Smith have scored more . Steelers' QB Ben Roethlisberger was expected to be in walking boot all week ,  but he is out and progressing ahead ...  And the Colts have had enough they released CB Vontae Davis . NFL spokesman Joe Lockhart on idea of the Chargers' future There is no discussion of returning to San Diego from the league or the club.After planning to have appeal for Sean Payton and Mickey Loomis on Tuesday ,  NFL believes it will have to push back date . Caldendar shifting . Maybe the top popcorn story in sports history . Fact of day ESPN opened for business on this day 31 years ago and the @ProFootballHOF opened for business on this day 47 years ago . Reasonable to conclude that ,  with Le'Veon Bell not having signed franchise tender ,  he will not report to camp with rest of Steelers today . Got same call from a league source RT @MattMaiocco 49ers have dropped tampering charge against N.Y . Jets regarding Michael Crabtree . Arizona is signing former 49ers kicker Phil Dawson ,  per sources . Broncos on Thursday promoted Don Wink Martindale to defensive coordinator . Raiders worked out free agent QBs Charlie Frye and Todd Bouman ,  but those workouts were planned before Oakland traded for Carson Palmer . He performed admirably in defeat but Brodie Croyle is now 0 9 in his nine NFL starts . Rich . All not lost for Chiefs RB Larry Johnson . Just think how people once had written off former Texas RBs Ricky Williams and Cedric Benson . With speculation swirling about John Ross' injury history ,  his agent Brad Cicala released this statement ...  It sounds like a Jaguars Alualu agreement could be near . But as of now ,  there is no agreement ,  and won't be till Alualu gives his blessing . Bills HC Doug Marrone told WGR 550 in Buffalo that Thad Lewis will start at quarterback Sunday vs . Cincinnati . Let games begin Steelers will play Vikings in 2015 preseason Hall of Fame Game ,  Sun . Aug 9.Raiders placed K Sebastian Janikowski on injured reserve ,  per source . Cowboys take care of business RT @espnmacmahon Cowboys agree to terms with second round pick Sean Lee    . Seems @dpshow used Dwayne Allen stat 1st . Props to show . Spent time with Allen last night at Nassau County Sports Commission and learned it . Colts QB Andrew Luck serenaded his teammates with John Denver's Country Roads. Colts HC Chuck Pagano called it awful.Rams DE Robert Quinn out with back injury . Inactive . Blow to Rams' D . Entering Wednesday ,  Tony Romo had highest salary cap hit of any player at 24.7M . Conversely ,  Dak Prescotts 2017 salary cap hit is 635K . As Jets look to see if they can trade WR Eric Decker ,  he has been medically cleared from off season shoulder and hip surgery ,  and is healthy . Rams GM Billy Devaney also informed he will not return . Jamal Charles hurt shoulder ,  DeSean Jackson strained neck ,  Trent Cole sprained ankle ,  Calvin Pace hurt foot . War of attrition goes on . Great reviews . RT @30for30 THE FAB FIVE . The basketball revolution will be televised tonight ,  9pm ET on ESPN . @jalenrose @realchriswebber . RT @MalikG Imagine the headlines if Denver had drafted Dez AND Tebow  ?  !   ...  Certainly would have replaced the Marshall and Cutler drama . The Brent Musburger Phyillis George Irv Cross segment is about to air on ESPN's Monday Night Countdown . QB Matt Flynn ,  whom Buffalo released today ,  would have to pass through waivers before he could sign with GB or any other team . Cardinals DE Calais Campbell ,  who has not signed his franchise tender ,  did not attend the start of Arizona's voluntary workouts Monday . Mediating session suspended for dinner and individual meetings . May return later subject to call of mediator . Reggie Bush is who I'm expecting . RT @EBMD14 @AdamSchefter Who's starting at RB for New Orleans  ?  Saints RB Reggie Bush is inactive ,  according to ESPN's Mike Sando . On screens inside Patriots' training facility ,  NE displayed quotes from Miami players after they beat Patriots in ...  Many will be watching and counting . Cam Newton progressing well from concussion . Proof  Cam on a Segway like scooter today in downtown Charlotte . 49ers announced they have signed QB Seneca Wallace to a one year deal . RT @realpatriots Last year ,  Patriots made 7 trades on draft weekend  12 total picks . This year ,  Patriots have made 7 trades  12 picks . Former Titans RB Chris Johnson is visiting the Jets right now ,  per team sources who spotted him in the teams' training facility . Titans and Broncos reverse has left former Denver and current Tennessee punter Brett Kern 6 0 with Broncos and 4 0 with Titans . One more message hanging in the Browns training facility ...  Prayers are with Giants rookie S Chad Jones ,  who was involved in a serious car accident . Jerry Jones on the Cowboys'  non  QB decision  . Arian Foster is signing a one year deal with Miami ,  per sources . Make sure to follow @ESPNNFL and tweet your midseason NFL pep talk videos using #MyNFLPepTalk . Best videos to appear on ESPN Sunday morning . Former Bears HC Lovie Smith is expected to interview over weekend for Buffalo Bills' head coaching position ,  according to multiple reports . Jim Harbaugh's attractive options and big decision . Totally blows when you lose power in your house on a hot Sunday night . No AC ,  no Entourage   but Twitter from Bberry  !  Former Patriots S James Sanders is visiting Falcons today . If no deal gets worked out with Atlanta ,  he is scheduled to visit Chiefs . Bears didn't allow any Eagles sacks   and insted Chicago sacked Philadelphia . Steelers' James Harrison will not play Sunday ,  despite earlier comments . Vikings traded linebacker Gerald Hodges to the San Francisco 49ers for a 6th round draft pick and center Nick Easton . It's Mel's month . RT @MelKiperESPN Best QB available in the 2nd round    . RT @nicklo822 Chad Henne has more rushing yards & rushing touchdowns than Chris Johnson .  ...  OK . But Titans are 2 1 ,  Miami winless . Love the fact that Vince Young is wearing No . 9 in Philadelphia ,  the same number that belonged to his mentor ,  Steve McNair . Falcons starting RT Mike Johnson dislocated and fractured his ankle and is expected to miss rest of season . Giants gave their former OT Will Beatty a one year contract . Though no decision will be made until pre game ,  WR @PierreGarcon is more likely to play than not . If he plays ,  will be on a pitch count . Another day the music died . RIP Clarence Clemons . Miami also making major push to sign Titans free agent TE Jared Cook . RT @RyanDMccarthy Why would Charlie Weis take a college job after a good year with nfl   money  ?   ...  His son is at Florida . Quality of life . RT @nCornick @AdamSchefter do you miss visceral elation and devastation that comes with being a fan  ?  &lt  Great question . Unsure of answer . Vikings have announced Mike Zimmet has returned to coaching duties and is expected to travel to Jacksonville . RT @markbillthe3rd about as definitive as Mike Brown sounded regarding Carson Palmer .  ...  Fair point . But I believe the Steelers for now . More Manning @mortreport reporting that Peyton Manning now will meet with Dolphins HC Joe Philbin and Titans HC Mike Munchak . DeSean Jackson ponders return to Eagles ,  eyes another six years . As Browns HC ,  Bill Belichick traded 1st rd pk in 95 to SF for two 1s . Clev fired Belichick ,  moved to Balt ,  used that SF pick on Ray Lewis . At 1234 and 56 seconds today ,  it was 1234.56 on 789. Last time that'll happen in anyone's life . Didn't even know there was an anniversary . But a big thank you to all those along for the eight year ride . So here's the deal Ravens traded DT Tim Jernigan and third round pick  No . 99  for Eagles third round pick  No . 74  ,  per source . Brief break from NFL . Michigan ranked No . 25 in latest poll . Why not with that aeriel Forcier it now has . And Valentine's Day still is a few weeks away ,  @ochocinco . Touched . Dolphins QB Jay Cutler ,  listed as questionable vs . Raiders due to ribs injury ,  will start Sunday night ,  per source . Syracuses Doug Marrone interviewed with the Bills on Wednesday night and the Browns on Thursday . Eagles ,  Chargers also interested . Dez Bryant pulling up to Valley Ranch to sign his new deal ... Broncos' ,  Patriots' ,  Raiders' and Eagles' rookies all report to training camp today . Lions did a simple cap restructuring with DE Kyle Vanden Bosch ,  saving 3 million against the cap . Detroit is now under cap . So much madness and sadness over McNair . Stunning . The St . Louis Rams are now 60 minutes and one loss away from being on the clock . G Richie Incognito ,  who Rams waived Tuesday ,  was claimed by Buffalo . Dolphins also put in a waiver claim for him ,  but Buffalo got him . Former Colts safety Bob Sanders is visiting today with the New York Jets . Sanders already visited Jacksonville and Buffalo . Sun. ,  March 11th @ Van Cortlandt Park runwalk in RMHA's 5K for  great cause ,  see  . Four Florida St . players   EJ Manuel ,  Bjoern Werner ,  Menelik Watson ,  Xavier Rhodes   scheduled to attend NFL draft . An agreement between Manning and Giants on long term is all but done . Expected to be signed this week . No one's saying any #s ,  but it's   ... Back to back Michigan picks DT Ryan Glasgow to Cincinnati at No . 138 ,  WR Jehu Chesson to KC at No . 139. Jake Butt still on board . Seahawks have emerged as the favorite to land free agent DT Michael Bennett ,  and keep him in Seattle ,  per sources . Broncos LB D.J . Williams was picked up for DUI ,  according to Denver's ABC affilate . Miss this guy . Love this guy . Thinking of this guy . Stop the presses Redskins DT Albert Haynesworth passed his conditioning test . Ohio St . CB Marshon Lattimore suffered hamstring injury today ,  per source . Wouldn't be a big deal except he has ...  After his time in Washington ,  it's certainly possible Jim Zorn could land in Cleveland as one of Mike Holmgren's offensive assistants . RT @sethwickersham Good column by Reilly . After optimism he would play this week ,  Raiders RB Darren McFadden unlikely to play today vs Cleveland . Bills activated TE Shawn Nelson to the 53 man roster and released LB Chris Ellis . Let's not forget ,  Benson played much of last year RT @rockmamola how can a 3 time super bowl winning QB be comeback  ?  Benson more deserving . Bengals could wind up losing both coordinators . Jay Gruden is Redskins HC and Mike Zimmer has emerged as a favorite in Minnesota . NFL confirmed Giants Vikes now Monday night . Kickoff time at Metrodome and TV arrangements will be announced as soon as they are determined . RT @bigjfreak123 Hey Schef hows the limp  ?  Heard Warner had you limping around yesterday . Lol .  ...  Bad limp . But probable for free agency . Filed to ESPN Former Cardinals kicker Neil Rackers reached agreement Monday night with the Houston Texans on a two year contract . Question isn't whether Browns QB Jake Delhomme will be ready for Chiefs question is whether he'll be ready next Sunday for Ravens . Manti Te'o runs a 4.71 40 at his Pro Day . North Dakota State QB Carson Wentz just won his 5th FCS National Championship ,  2nd as starter . Will be drafted higher than people expect . RT @RichCimini Can't wait to read this Johnette Howard captures Bart Scott's classic rant . Rams and free agent cornerback Cortland Finnegan reached agreement on a five year deal worth about 50 million . Eagles ruled out Michael Vick and LeSean McCoy for Monday night's game vs . Carolina . RT @mortreport Seahawks wanted Dungy for team president  . Former Dolphins linebacker Joey Porter ,  who visited the Cardinals last week ,  is scheduled to visit the Washington Redskins on Thursday . In restructured deal ,  Colin Kaepernick getting 46 man roster bonuses converted to guaranteed salary  play time bonuse added ,  per @caplannfl . RT @espn4d How good was Brad Stevens' coaching job  ?  I covered opener at Louisville ,  and Butler looked sub NIT . By March ,  Final Four bound . RT @StampedeBlue We have a post recapping Polian show here  . RT @kirkmorrison52 Just walked into the facility and signed my tender with the Raiders .  I'm excited to see what the 2010 season holds . Here's what happens when Harvard and Stanford meet on the New York Knicks . Like it  ?  Dolphins announced OC Mike Sherman relieved of his duties . Another reason for Scandrick's deal RT @KCJoynerTFS Ryan probably also liked Scandrick's 6.8 YPA last year  good for 29th best among CBs .So LeSean McCoy is going to be a Buffalo Bill . And Kiko Alonso will be reunited with former Oregon HC Chip Kelly . MFL trading deadline pushed back to the Tuesday after the eighth weekend of season . Sounds like Titans are at it again . Already have received offers for fifth overall pick and are contemplating trade ,  per league source . Chargers announced they agreed to terms on a four year contract with former Jaguars cornerback Derek Cox . Napa County district attorney says he will announce his decision Thursday on whether to file charges against Tom Cable . Tom Brady's agents Steve Dubin ,  Don Yee ,  Carter Chow . New Patriots QB Jimmy Garoppolo's agents Steve Dubin ,  Don Yee ,  Carter Chow . Fits in . Cowboys will take LB Sean Lee . #nfldraft . Job titles for new RedskinsMike Shanahan   Executive Vice PresidentHead Coach.Bruce Allen   Executive Vice PresidentGeneral Manager . Named plaintiff Vincent Jackson now is willing to release his claim without compensation   meaning no money or lifting of the franchise tag . Looking forward to @BDgolf Celebrity Golf Classic this Monday on Long Island #bdgolf  . And there it is RT @JosinaAnderson I just got a text from Todd Bowles ,  Im taking the Jets job.Vick's contract 1.625 million this year ,  with language written that he gets all the money no matter how many games he is suspended for . NFL announced Marshawn Lynch suspended one game . For those that missed the weekly 10 Spot the first time . Jets now have announced they reached agreement with S Ed Reed . He will practice with team today . Rob Gronkowski's little brother ,  fullback Glenn Gronkowski ,  worked out for Patriots today ,  per source . RT @TheJetsStream Eli and Peyton Manning going viral as 'Football Cops' in promo for NFL Sunday Ticket package . Bears HC Marc Trestman makes it official ,  names Jay Cutler as starter Sunday in Cleveland . NFLPA recognizes Colin Kaepernick with weekly community MVP award ...  If you were looking for a free agent running back ,  which of these would you want to sign  ?  Cam Newton is not expected to play in Carolinas preseason opener Weds night ,  but is expected to play at some point in preseason ,  per source . Titans just released statement from Bud Adams . Called McNair one of the finest and most beloved players in Titans history . Packers' HC Mike McCarthy on WR Jordy Nelson's return Jordy's full go . And we expect him to line up and be full bore in Jacksonville.RT @LHNetwork hey Adam you ready for the big day Thursday  ?   ...  This feels a lot like Dec . 20.NFL announced Ravens' TE Darren Waller has been suspended the first four games for violating NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . RT @denisleary New Jersey worried about oil residue on beaches . Not from Gulf spill . From cast of Jersey Shore . Celtics hired Brad Stevens . More on ESPN now ... Based on everything said today ,  still would be a major upset if Odell Beckham Jr's one game suspension is overturned . From Dallas ,  @calvinwatkins reports that Miles Austin will miss the next two to four weeks with his latest hamstring injury . And if the Cowboys could get a third round pick for DE Marcus Spears ,  he would be dealt as well . #nfldraft . RT @RossAEdwards With 1 year deal for Losman ,  does that mean he's only signed for the rest of this season  ?  Or through 2010 ?   ...  3 week deal . Titans rookie QB Zach Mettenberger to starts Sunday vs . Texans . Teammates were impressed with him all summer . Falcons running back Michael Turner is expected to start today . One of the facts of the day For the first time since divisions were realigned ,  all teams in the NFC West won in the same week . Exactly 50 days to Super Bowl 50 ... Jets announce Ryan Fitzpatrick as back to being their newold starting QB . No changes that night . RT @ericnelson24 @AdamSchefter Any news on the flex game for week 11 ?  Heard it was supposed to be announced today . Saints HC Sean Payton has an MCL tear and aTibia plateau fracture ,  which is broken kneetibia . Gotta coach hurt . What were odds that ,  on opening night ,  Reggie Wayne would be playing for Pats ,  Michael Vick for Steelers and Tom Brady may not play at all  ?  Cardinals' RB David Johnson is having wrist surgery this week and is expected to miss 2 3 months ,  source tells ESPN . Cardinals QB Drew Stanton sprained his knee during Thursday nights loss vs Seattle and could miss a game or two ,  p  . ESPN obtained medical charts that show Giants DE Jason Pierre Paul had right index finger amputated today . Trade final Jimmy Graham to Seattle ,  per Seahawks official . Brandon Marshall just caught his NFL record tying 20th pass . And there's still 944 left in the fourth quarter . My own personal forecast a spin class and then a nap . Baby had us up a good portion of the night  again .Dolphins signed former Bucs running back Clifton Smith and waived offensive lineman Joe Reitz . Bears always are first team out of gate to sign draft picks . Now they've done it again . It's one more effect of the CBA quick rookie deals . No AC in men's locker room gym this morning . As one man said ,  If you didn't break a sweat working out ,  you did shaving.Bill Belichick drafted Tom Brady 15 years ago today ,  on his 48th birthday . Anyone ever get a better birthday present  ?  Gift keeps on giving . RT @wingoz @AmyKNelson Make A Wish makes a little boy into a Super Hero for a day . How cool . Bucs CB Vernon Hargreaves becomes the second 2016 first round pick to sign his contract . Done deal . Ravens will sign their former CB Corey Ivy today . He is expected to help the Ravens this weekend on special teams . Bengals are first team since 1939 Eagles to start a season by playing 2 straight home games without scoring a TD ,  per Elias . Saints player discipline expected to be handed down today . Buccaneers received permission to interview Packers QB coach Tom Clements for their head coaching vacancy later this week . Anquan Boldin needs to pass physical before trade with 49ers becomes complete he's in Africa on mission . Physical ,  trade completion await . Fox Sports would like to replace John Lynch with ... Tony Romo ,  per sources . Other networks also interested . Romo's goal remains to play . RT @schadjoe Jonathan Dwyer has taken medication for ADD since 5th grade and says he was told by NFL doc he's clear . Raiders RB Darren McFadden reinjured his ankle in loss . Knicks gave up 4 starters ,  3 picks  Curry's expiring contract for a player Denver HAD to trade . Props to Nuggets . #sticktofootballschefter . Never has been more treacherous to be an NFL GM ...  RT @HamdenHustlin  Gates listed as doubtful . Think he'll play  ?   ...  If I had to guess ,  Yes . But we'll see after pre game warmups . RT @skjensen Brett Favre limited in practice with a hip injury ... &lt  He'll be on injury report as No Friggin Way He Misses This Game.Not sure if it'll be good enough ,  but this much is sure Miami making a strong push to re sign OT Jake Long . RT @jmarsh0176 Do deals for Seymour and Routt signal Nnamdi won't be back in Oakland  ?   ...  Never thought he would be . Can't pay everyone . NFL fined Steelers' WR Antonio Brown 24,309 for his TD celebration dance against the KC Chiefs ,  per source . Rookie CB inactives Raiders 1st round pick Gareon Conley ,  Lions 2nd round pick Teez Tabor ,  Eagles 3rd round pick Rasul Douglas . RT @adamdej Tyler Palko won the QB job at Pitt over Joe Flacco ,  before Flacco transfered to Deleware . Wannstedt must be kicking himself . So it will be Tennessee teammates ,  DeMarco Murray and Marcus Mariota . Washington WR Jamison Crowder ,  listed as questionable with a hip injury ,  is expected to play Sunday vs Eagles ,  per source . RT @wrongdecision What are the odds of the Broncos actually going after a big name coach  ?  Gruden ,  Cowher .  ...  Neither will be in Denver . Another OC candidate high on Dolphins' radar is former Texans HC Gary Kubiak ,  per league sources . Jay Gruden says RG3 will start Sunday at Indy . Asked meaning of judge ruling that Ezekiel Elliott did not receive a fundamentally fair hearing ,  source texted ,  Zeke plays all year.Former Dolphins LB Karlos Dansby is visiting Buffalo today and Tuesday . Eagles WR Jordan Matthews ,  questionable for Sunday vs Seahawks due to back spasms ,  is expected to play ,  per source . Matt Leinart's contract with Houston is a two year ,  5.5 million deal that includes 3.75 million in guaranteed money . Redskins benched Kirk Cousins for Colt McCoy . RT @mrdarknsexy What did Dominic Rhodes do  ?   ...  Not sure . He had violated NFL substance abuse policy twice . A third strike would be a year . One day after trading for WR Patrick Crayton ,  the Chargers released veteran WR Josh Reed . Giants activated LB Jon Beason from PUP . Team also released veteran QB Curtis Painter ,  FB John Conner and TE Kellen Davis . Friday 10 Spot on Saturday Andy Reid's Philadelphia farewell ...  Cowboys' LB Rolando McClain suspended another year ,  NFL career in jeopardy . Roddy White said Tuesday on Sirius that ,  having watched Julio Jones and his foot injury ,  he isn't sure Dez Bryant will return at all in 2015 . Rams open OTAs today ,  the final team to begin OTAs this offseason . Bill Belichick gets personal about lacrosse with Paul Carcaterra for Lacrosse Magazine . Jets special teams coordinator Ben Kotwica is scheduled to interview for the Army head coaching job this weekend . Raiders also explored the possibility of a trade for Eagles QB Vince Young . But Hue Jackson wanted to be reunited with Carson Palmer . RT @FauxJohnMadden Just got word NBC will fill Leno's 10PM spot with new sitcom Tipped Off featuring @mortreport and @AdamSchefter . Packers targeting Week 15 at Carolina for return of QB Aaron Rodgers ,  contingent on Green Bay being in playoff cont  . Bears HC Marc Trestman said LB D.J . Williams has a pectoral muscle injury that could be season ending . Eight years after Aaron Rodgers sat and waited in the green room like Geno Smith last night ,  he has more green than anyone in the room . NFL started reviewingthe Brett Favre caseyesterday ,  but didnt acknowledge it until today . Teams open to trading back for the right offer include Minnesota ,  Tampa Bay ,  Miami ,  Seattle ,  Dallas ,  NY Jets ,  Detroit . Former Titans ,  Broncos and Jets offensive coordinator Mike Heimerdinger died Friday night . World lost a great man . RIP ,  Dinger . More on how Darrelle Revis' days in Tampa are numbered and how Jets will not get Bucs' 3rd round pick  . Would be surprised if anyone claimed Hank Baskett on waivers today . They'd have to assume his 1.5 million contract   I'd guess no one does . Great job ,  Peter . Eagles announced they placed LB DeMeco Ryans on Injured Reserve  Achilles .Locked and loaded for a weekend in Canton . Can't wait to see the great people at the Hall of Fame and attend all the planned festiviites . Cardinals placed cornerback Greg Toler  knee  and running back Ryan Williams  knee  on injured reserve . Awfully thin at CB now . The day's other great return RT @PatOSmith Dan Connolly's kickoff return is the longest by a man wearing a number  ...  Giants bolster backfield ,  use 113th overall pick on former BC RB Andre Williams . Former Chicago LB Shea McClellin is signing a 3 year deal with the Patriots ,  per source . With Brock Osweiler off to Houston ,  RGIII is on Broncos' list of replacement quarterbacks ,  per source . Could be visiting Denver . Carroll . With the Cowboys Giants about to kick off ,  here are   . And then theres the @NYDNSports   also subtle as ever . Doubtful . RT @dcenales @AdamSchefter Is Cedric Benson gonna play  ?  Meaninglessmeaningful tweet Great Will McDonough once offered me ride to NFL owners meetings in ARIZ . He talked ,  I learned . Never forgot . With 159 passing yards ,  Peyton Manning will join Favre ,  Marino and Elway as the only QBs in NFL history to throw for 50,000 career yards . Eagles OL Stacy Andrews restructured his contract Monday ,  lowering his 2010 base salary from 2.95 million to 1.15 million . Bonus also paid . State of our Nation ...  RT @MikeSilver Bengals RB Cedric Benson was notified of a three game suspension for player conduct violations during lockout . Redskins have downgraded safety Reed Doughty  concussion  to out for Sundays game against the Denver Broncos . Giants announced that safety Chad Jones ,  who has tried to battle his way back to the NFL ,  has been waivedfailed physical . Once again ,  told that Redskins DT Albert Haynesworth is not being traded . #nfldraft . deal . Rams gave Nick Fairley a one year deal ,  stacking their D line . Robert Quinn ,  Chris Long ,  Aaron Donald ,  Michael Brockers and Fairley . Patriots traded OL Jordan Devey to San Francisco for TE Asante Cleveland ,  sources told ESPN . For second straight week ,  Cam Newton is over 400 yards passing . For second straight week ,  Panthers lost . Steelers promoted former BC QB Tyler Murphy ,  an indication he will serve as Landry Jones' backup Sunday and Ben Roethlisberger won't play . 49ers said the preliminary assessment was that LB NaVorro Bowman had torn his ACL . Chiefs fired Romeo Crennel . Scott Pioli safe for now . Giants vice president of player evaluation Marc Ross interviewed today with president John Mara and former general  . RT @juiciestjuice claiborne or kalil for the vikings  ?   ...  Or Blackmon . Vikings considering all three . But Kalil is not a lock at 3.And ,  the Redskins wrapped up deal they were working on yesterday for Brian Orakpo   5 years ,  20 million ,  12.1 million guaranteed . Now that he has signed a 1 year deal with Saints ,  truth can be told on Darren Sharper he had microfracture knee surgery this off season . Seahawks have released tackle Breno Giacomini and signed running back Chris Henry from the practice squad . Eli's elite ,  Coughlin's safe ,  nothing to see here . Move on to next Sunday's NFC Championship game . Seahawks HC Pete Carroll said S Kam Chancellor is ,  officially ,  out for the year . Jaguars waiting to hear how long they will lose 1st round pick Jalen Ramsey and they have lost 7th round pick Jonathan Woodard for season . Anthem issue delaying NFL business ,  including Roger Goodells extension ,  per sources ...  Steelers ruled out RB LeVeon Bell from Saturday night's wild card game vs . Baltimore . Manning  Vick weren't only designated exclusive franchise players this winter . Raiders LB Kamerion Wimbley also was   to tune of 11.2 mil . Texans DC Wade Phillips ,  who was scheduled to interview for the Buccaneers HC job Friday ,  told Tampa Bayt hat he was pulling out of process . Newest useful tool on @ESPNFantasy football   compare players on your roster in the @IBM Insights tab for those l  . Ravens announced DT Haloti Ngata is inactive . Must be a morning QB RT @RichNalepka why do u think bigben is .500 when playing at 415 ?  When he's over .750 at 1pm or primetime  ?  Denver traded a 2011 5th round pick to Tampa for picks 225 and 232 in this year's draft . Denver's picks ,  via TB ,  coming up . #nfldraft . NFL agreed to allow Ezekiel Elliott to play Sunday only when pressed by judge for more time and so counsel made decision   Zeke plays Sun . Former Bengals DE Antwan Odom is in stable condition after being shot in the thigh this morning ,  according to Odom's PR man Donnie Atkinson . Panthers QB Cam Newton makes first throws since shoulder surgery ...  And @mortreport reports former Boise State quarterback Kellen Moore has agreed to terms with the Detroit Lions . RT @frankies5 Why are people choosing that to be upset about  ?  He manhandled a minor . Call him as he is ,  a molester .  ...  End of discussion . RT @DraytonFlorence  nobody wants to coach us  ?   ...  Leslie Frazier does   and Buffalo would be fortunate to have him . He'd be great . Ravens WR Torrey Smith is on field working out with WRs . SalPal asked him how he was doing ? I don't know ,  he said . It's still so fresh . RT @EricStangel The New York Jets still have more wins in 2010  2  than the New Jersey Nets  1  ... In other non RGIII AFC North news ,  former Browns' LB Karlos Dansby is visiting the Bengals today ,  per source . On guard ,  literally Dolphins G Justin Smiley has hired agent Drew Rosenhaus to try to resolve his status with a new contract or a trade . Waiver claim order for today on former Dolphins LB Matt Roth is Browns ,  Bucs ,  Rams ,  Lions . So if Browns want Roth ,  Browns have Roth . And that would mean Seattle gets Eric Berry ,  not an OT . Watch out ,  Matthew Hasselbeck . #nfldraft . Shocking  !  RT @TheRedzoneorg Leigh Bodden's deal is done  . Oh boy . Must see TV . RT @NFLLIVEonESPN BRANDON MARSHALL talks to Trey Wingo on NFL Live 1230 est ,  930 pacific   . NFL has won an appeal in the Adrian Peterson case ,  further strengthening Roger Goodell's authority in player conduct matters . Denver DC Jack Del Rio expected to emerge as a leading candidate for USC HC job ,  as @mikefreemanNFL said . Sources said Del Rio wants job . Giants interviewing Lions DC Teryl Austin and their DC Steve Spagnuolo today ,  per source the two men worked together in Baltimore in '13.And one more waiver claim Bills claimed former Redskins running back Tashard Choice on waivers today . Browns fans have company in their disappointment . Buccaneers have gone through RBs this season like the Browns have QBs . Bucs starting their fourth different RB of season tonight vs Atlanta . Packers waived former Oregon TE Colt Lyerla with an injury settlement ,  per league source . Tom Brady 511 passing yards ,  4 TDs . RT @dallascowboys Cowboys Sign Veteran Kicker Kris Brown  . Colts waived RB Chris Rainey . Colin Kaepernick told 49ers on Friday he wants to have surgery on his non throwing shoulder ,  per source . Thus ,  IR . Thus ,  season over . This man knows ...  RT @caplannfl Bill O'Brien will stay at Penn St . No more interviews ,  source confirmed . There you go . RT @SEFnificent Heard they can do appendectomy through belly button now ,  with 4 5 day recovery .  ...  Had it done . 24 days till I could run . Falcons adding LBs Former Texans LB Brooks Reed is expected to sign with Atlanta as is former Cowboys LB Justin Durant ,  per sources . QB Tarvaris Jackson signed a one year deal with Buffalo that could be worth up to 4.5 million . #KnowThemFromAdam Former BillsBroncos DT Mike Lodish on Tom Brady breaking his six time SB appearance record ...  RT @RyanTabernacle Would you like to talk nfl over some flapjacks and a frappuccino  ?   ...  Prefer french toast and juice ,  if that's OK . On same day Plaxico goes to jail for two years ,  Koren Robinson gets traded from the Tuskers to the Sentinels in the UFL . Mighty have fallen . Jets WR Quincy Enunwa ,  listed as questionable for today with a knee injury ,  is expected to play vs . Pittsburgh ,  per source . RT @Patriots Patriots release 5 players Place 3 on IR ,  2 on ReservePUP & 1 on  NFI ,  Claim 1 off waivers  . show . Sean Taylor lost his life nine years ago today . Cowboys LB Jaylon Smith will make his NFL debut Saturday vs the Colts ...  CBA says any player active for 8 games still entitled to full SB share . So Tiquan Underwood will receive his SB money and ring ,  if Pats win . RT @espn JaMarcus Russell won't be indicted in Alabama drug case ,  source says    . Special @ESPNNFL Programming Kicks Off Start of NFL Free Agency ...  With one decision ,  Wes Welker can help shape the balance of power in the AFC . NFL is expected to fine Bears WR Brandon Marshall 5,250 for wearing green shoes Thursday night in honor of Mental Health Awareness week . Chan Gailey more worried about rookie OT Ed Wang's knee injury today I hope we havent lost him for the season ,  thats what Im hoping.Last year ,  Browns QBs threw 9 TDs and 2 INTs when targeting Josh Gordon ,  and 17 TDs and 18 INTs when targeting all other players . Love this match Grambling hired Doug Williams as its head coach . you  ?  For those scoring at home ,  Eagles QB Kevin Kolb is now under contract through the 2011 season . The Long Beach ,  N.Y . home we spent Tuesday at with @Allhands ,  and how everyone can contribute in some small way . American Pharoah is going to be one busy horse ,  according to Forbes . Have a feeling neither stole the idea from the other ...  RT @isaacfromCT Today happens to be Bulger's 33rd birthday .  ...  And his wife had a baby girl ,  their first child ,  early Sunday morning . Chicago at Green Bay next Monday night is the only game on the NFL's Week 9 schedule that matches two teams with above .500 records . Colts re signing TE Dwayne Allen to a four year ,  29.4 million ,  as @ProFootballTalk reported . Bills listing RB LeSean McCoy as probable for Thursday night game vs Jets . Vikings signed former Bucs DE Stylez G White . Browns will interview Patriots OC Josh McDaniels for their HC job in New England on Saturday . RT @mattb625 If a team like Panthers or Titans get #1 next year ,  will it take Luck or auction pick  ?   ...  You get 1 ,  you take Luck . Period . Winner winner chicken dinner . RT @Yukevich Fred Lynn & Lynn Swann  Lynn won MLB MVP ,  Swann won SB MVP .Bills placed Defensive Rookie of Year candidate Jairus Byrd on Injured Reserve and signed LB Josh Stamer . Colts fear WR Reggie Wayne tore his ACL ,  as @mortreport reported . Will be an MRI to confirm if true . Ravens WR Jeremy Maclin out today . Ravens never felt it was any more than 50 50 that hed be able to play vs Vikings . Vikings contract extension with Brad Childress close to done . Beyond LOL RT @sethmeyers21 Want to thank Rudd and Carrell for helping out @ESPYs . Here's The Decision 2  . Rams free agent G Shelley Smith is visiting the Giants today . Mike Holmgren has agreed to become Browns President and Mike Keenan will transition to the role of Chief Financial Officer . Revenge of the Schotty Chargers GM A.J . Smith fired Marty Schottenheimer . And the son ,  Jets OC Brian Schottenheimer ,  got revenge on A.J . Indications point to Chiefs releasing WR Dwayne Bowe this week . Jets CB Darrelle Revis will play today despite a groin injury that has him questionable for Eagles . TE Kellen Winslow's knee surgery is being called a cleanup and minor. Not buying . There's no minor surgery on a knee that troubled . Former Chargers linebacker Lew Bush passed away from an apparent heart attack at age 42. RIP . Browns requested permission to interview Seahawks DC Dan Quinn for HC job ,  per source . Quinn can interview Jan . 5.Players should be forewarned . Don't want me praising you RT @tennesseetitans Kenny Britt has ankle injury ,  questionable to return tonight . The Chicago whopper Julius Peppers' contract in Chicago is expected to pay him roughly 40 million in the deal's first three years . How could anyone figure out what happened with Colin Kaepernick at goalline  ?  Jameis Winston in Tampa today as part of a 3 day visit w Buccaneers ,  per sources . Visit centers around owners ,  said to be Glazer centric.Oregon RB LaGarrette Blount ,  Mississippi QB Jevan Snead and Michigan CB Donovan Warren go undrafted . #nfldraft . SalPal reports Mike Patterson has brain AVM  arteriovenous malformation  ,  a tangle of blood vessels in skull requires surgery or radiation . Browns are expected to start Johnny Manziel vs Pittsburgh on Sunday ,  per source . Competition Committee permanently moved line of scrimmage for extra points to the defensive teams 15 yard line . Some thoughts on events of past week in New England and a hint at what might be ahead for the Patriots . And now ,  .Matt Barkley returns to USC . TB paid Antonio Bryant franchise WR money last season . Cincy overpaid this off season . Bryant made about 17 million for little results . Former 49ers CB Tarell Brown reached agreement on a 1 year ,  3.5M fully guaranteed contract with Raiders . Jay Cutler believes WR Kevin White can be a special player ...  Nothing says Fourth of July quite like Takeru Kobayashi  !  NFL commissioner Roger Goodell lifted the suspensions of Broncos LB D.J . Williams and Patriots CB Aqib Talib . Nothing like being subtle RT @richarddeitsch The NY Daily News takes out Jim Joyce ... on the FRONT PAGE  . Bills OT Cordy Glenn  knee  and WR Zay Jones  ankle  are out today vs . Saints . Texans will pick up 10 million option bonus payment in QB Matt Schaub's contract as early as Thursday ,  tying him to Houston 3 more yrs . Seahawks' RB Eddie Lacy cashes in on a 55,000 bonus today if he weighs 250 or less . Bucs next home game is sold out  ...  In England.RT @dkaplanSBJ st . pete times says actual bucs attendance shockingly low at 42847 . Happy 25th birthday to @TimTebow . Jonas Gray became 1st player to rush for 4 TD after entering game w 0 TD since Herb Henderson of Evansville Crimson Giants on Nov . 27 ,  1921 . Bengals RB Cedric Benson has hired attorney David Cornwell ,  who also represented Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger . And Ravens LB Terrell Suggs also will not play tonight   he didn't travel with Baltimore to Green Bay . Bill OBrien Important for Texans to play regular season opener in Houston ...  RT @KawikaMitchell Hope my friends fans  in Buffalo loved me as a player and continue to follow and support me as I move on to next place . From @Mortreport and me Broncos LB Von Miller likely  will be suspended as soon as today for at least six games . After St . Louis and San Francisco completed a ceremonial trade ,  WR Isaac Bruce will retire as a Ram during a news conference on Wednesday . Not only did Peyton Manning tie NFL record with 7 TD passes ,  but his 46 fantasy points were 3rd most by a QB since merger . If Sebastian Janikowski is on Raiders' roster at 4 pm Tuesday ,  238K on contract   117th of 4.05M   is guaranteed . 4.05M gets gtd Sat . Colts announced they signed free agent running back Christine Michael . For those keeping score ,  Jets CB Darrelle's Revis' 31 day fine total is now up to 512,213. And counting . Each player on winning Pro Bowl team receives 45,000 ,  while each player on losing team earns 22,500. #goodworkifyoucangetit . Cowboys owner Jerry Jones at training camp today Y'all should come to Cowboys Stadium and watch us beat the Giants' as   ... Seahawks sitting out the Anthem . RT @mikerodak The Patriots will host DE John Abraham tomorrow ,  @MikeReiss confirms . Sam Antonio Spurs asked their fans to join them in the pursuit of equality. ...  Friday 10 Spot Is Eli Manning the greatest QB ever to play in NYNJ  ?  Ahhhhhhhh ... RT @espnnfl Broncos to interview Atlanta Falcons assistant Mike Mularkey  . Raiders ,  Sebastian Janikowski at an impasse over contract ,  per source.Chargers RB Danny Woodhead now being carted off ...  Packers announced Aaron Rodgers had a broken collarbone and might miss rest of season . Retired basketball coach Bob Knight escaped injury when his vehicle struck a cow on a dark northern Wyoming highway ,  per AP . Rams will not be penalized for mishandling concussion protocols last week in regards to QB Case Keenum ,  per sources . Just as everyone predicted Patriots win 41 14 in a game in which WR Randy Moss doesn't catch a single pass . Basically ,  it's what Bills got back from SF for WR Stevie Johnson for what they gave up to Philadelphia for RB Bryce Brown . Good sign RT @FantasyGuru Panther vets don't report to camp till Friday ,  w rookies reporting tomorrow . Cam Newton will be there tomorrow . Giants announced they officially signed former Raiders TE Brandon Myers . More FWIW RB practice updates Pierre Thomas did not practice and Ray Rice was limited . On tonight's Hard Knocks season finale ,  10 pm ET on HBO ,  there's an interview with former Dolphins WR Chad Johnson . RT @espnnfcnblog Vikings website reports Sage Rosenfels deal sends Darius Reynaud to Giants . Vikes get 2011 pick  conditional one in '12.Five Saints chosen to Pro Bowl QB Drew Brees ,  G Jahri Evans ,  S Darren Sharper ,  OT Jon Stinchcomb and MLB Jonathan Vilma . He has had long standing interest in playing with his brother . Would be ideal replacement for Logan Ryan . Sorry you're missing the fun ,  @stoolpresidente ,  @barstool ,  @cc20rake  . Eagles acquire DE Clifton Geathers from Colts for FB Stanley Havili . Story of Rams season with Jake Long re tearing his ACL Jake Long ,  Chris Long ,  Sam Bradford all will be on IR . Team never catches a break . Giants and Eli Manning were a ways apart as recently as two weeks ago . Both sides gave in and reached agreement now ready to be announced . John Foxs deal to become Bears HC is all but done ,  per sources . @JasonPhilCole reported Thursday that Fox would be hired in Chicago . Former No . 1 overall pick Jake Long is flying to Atlanta today to sign with the Falcons ,  per source . Atlanta improving up front . NFL Shield has been changed over to a gold treatment for 2015 Season to celebrate the 50th Super Bowl . Sounds like suspension coming  . Donovan McNabb ,  Kevin Kolb ,  Michael Vick   at least one ,  and quite possibly two ,  will not return to Philadelphia next season . Body found in a river identified as former Buffalo second round pick ,  James Hardy III . Tonight @RealSportsHBO featuring Bros . McDonough ESPN play by play man Sean ,  Cardinals VP of personnel Terry ,  Suns GM Ryan . Will proud . Give credit where credit is due RT @SkinlessJSn   @cbsdollarbill Reported this exact news an HOUR ago . Vikings signed four picks  2nd round CB Chris Cook ,  4th round DE Everson Griffen ,  5th round G Chris DeGeare ,  and 7th round TE Mickey Shuler . Pittsburgh released running backs Jawon Chisholm and Josh Harris ,  defensive linemen Matt Conrath ,  Ethan Hemer and ...  Jets vs . Patriots ,  RavensChiefs vs . Steelers . Very intriguing . Out Sunday S Brian Dawkins  knee  ,  S Darcel McBath  ankle  ,  CB Andre Goodman  thigh  ,  LB Robert Ayers  leg  ,  LB Wesley Woodyard  hamstring  . RT @rejino @AdamSchefter I think we should put Rex Ryan and Mike Singletary in a room and ,  you know ,  see what happens . Hard as it is to believe ,  the Falcons now are in first place in NFC South . USC TE Jordan Cameron's sister ,  Brynn ,  played hoops at USC and was Matt Leinart's girlfriend . Jordan is the uncle of Leinart's son ,  Cole . INactive WRs today Mario Manningham AND Calvin Johnson . With Tampa Bay's loss ,  Atlanta clinched NFC South title and Giants clinched wild card spot . NFL said no decision yet where to play NYJ BUF game but all signs point to Detroit . Herm Edwards on NFL Live suggested 49ers trade for Donovan McNabb AND Brandon Marshall . And they still would have a leftover 1st rd pick  !  RT @espn Jets LB Bart Scott lets out some anger after the Jets defeated the Patriots on Sunday #jets #pats  . RT @ericgordier Archie's Team vs . Archie's Boy . interesting thoughts if Archie will be at Media Day .  ...  He should have his own stand . Tyler Eifert doubtful to return entering concussion protocol . Since week 12 last season ,  Cardinals have gone 9 1 ,  best in NFL . Cards seeking first 5 0 start since 1974   when they were based in St . Lou . Jacksonville cut veteran LB Russell Allen with a failed physical designation and also re signed RB Jordan Todman . Johnny Touchdown . No surprise Chiefs deactivated WR Dexter McCluster . Stephen Jones son ,  John Stephen Jones ,  just quarterbacked Highland Park to Texas state title with Grandpa ,  Dad and Tony Romo in attendance . Browns players bothered by comments from former Cleveland and current Jaguars S Tashaun Gipson ...  Cowboys LB Sean Lee had his wrist casted and will try to play through injury rather than have surgery . Tough guy . Key phrase in new domestic violence policy sent to NFL owners These disciplinary consequences apply to all NFL personnel. ALL personnel . RT @SF49ers 49ers Relieve Singletary of head coaching duties . Read statements from Jed York and Singletary  . Just landed in Cleveland . Soon driving to Canton . And there I have a blind date with the bus that will be my home the next three weeks . If I'm Bud Selig ,  I award the first 28 out perfect game in baseball history to Armando Galaraga . Selig would be right   and applauded . Mike Zimmer had 2nd eye surgery Friday ,  could return for Week 14 . Actual trade compensation in Brandon Marshall trade Jets get Chicagos 7th round pick plus Marshall for NY's 5th round pick ,  per NFL source . Packers RB Ty Montgomery  ribs  ,  listed as Q ,  is expected to play today vs . Vikings and is not expected to be limited going in ,  per source . Despite fact that Rams OC Brian Schottenheimer has been scheming all week to beat NY ,  Jets are paying portion of his salary next 2 seasons . Cardinals are re signing RB Chris Johnson ,  per source . Back for another season in Arizona ,  more backfield depth . Chargers WRs Malcom Floyd and Vincent Jackson each active and playing tonight ,  along with TE Antonio Gates . So in a 12 hour stretch ,  Eagles add Jay Ajayi and Cowboys lose Ezekiel Elliott . Now multiple reports ,  including from @danpompei  and @RapSheet ,  that Bears have fired Lovie Smith . Raiders placed TE David Ausberry on ReserveInjured . San Francisco pulled off a double play ,  signing two draft picks first round pick Anthony Davis and third round pick Navorro Bowman . My friend Shannon Sharpe ... HOLY MOLY  !  RT @PrideOCucamonga its Brandon Underwood per @GregABedard  ...  Greg is right on . Titans interviewed former Lions GM Martin Mayhew for their GM job on Wednesday ,  per league sources . Road QBs this weekend 37 combined career playoff starts.Home QBs this weekend 0 combined career playoff starts . Hardly a surprise ,  but here it is A source close to Tony Romo told @Edwerderespn that the QB is done for the season.Ryan Torain is starting at running back for Redskins . Roy Helu will back him up . Tim Hightower is active . Redskins will ride hot hand . Former Bills' LB Zach Brown is scheduled to visit Washington on Monday ,  per @johnkeim . Six first round picks   including SF's Solomon Thomas ,  Tenn's Corey Davis and NYJ's Jamal Adams   remain unsigned.RT @sportswatch Happy 70th birthday ,  Marv Albert . Nice Q&A with the great @NYPostSerby here  . Props to the behind the scenes ESPN people who kept the calm during today's New Orleans storm  . Chiefs ruled out OT Eric Fisher ,  2013 No . 1 overall pick ,  with groin and shoulder injuries . LB Tamba Hali is questionable with knee injury . This emotion @michaelstrahan  ?  RT @sagesteele Tiger's profane outburst was heard quite clearly by my 3 young kids . Pathetic in so many ways . Visanthe Shiancoe What I'm hearing is it is true ,  he did decide to retire . Until I hear it from his mouth ,  I'm going to leave it at that.Rams signed former Florida State standout CB Greg Reid ,  who has recovered from two ACL surgeries and worked out for teams at FSU Pro Day . Once this gets going ,  it's really hard to stop tweeing your twitter . Bucs promoted safety Isaiah Johnson from practice squad to active roster ,  a sign TJ Ward not expected to play tonight vs Pats . It's likely to be a New England reunion Now that Charlie Weis has agreed to work in Kansas City ,  Romeo Crennel will not be far behind . At roughly 8 am this morning ,  Rex Ryan told Jets QBs he is going with Mark Sanchez as his new starter . One QB battle done ,  onto the others . It'll be interesting to see what NFL says about @VShiancoe 's Osama bin Laden tweet . Something tells me the league will get last word . Steelers announce contract extension for HC Mike Tomlin  . Very bad for the the Cardinals . Very busy day for the Bears . Very intriguing day ahead for the Seahawks . New England Patriots signed former Jets safety James Ihedigbo today . Germany Brazil has same feel as Seattle Denver ,  Super Bowl XLVIII . In the sixth round ,  with the 185th pick ,  the Cardinals drafted San Diego St . QB Ryan Lindley . And that's one reason I love @jimcramer . On his wedding day   his wedding day  !    he's tweeting about stocks at 430 am . My kind of guy . As expected ,  Pats did not pay bonus due Aaron Hernandez ...  Steelers have agreed to terms with veteran quarterback Byron Leftwich on a one year contract ,  the team announced . Steelers have signed safety Troy Polamalu and tight end Heath Miller ,  to new three year contracts . Chicago Bears used their franchise designation on RB Matt Fort.Lions announced today that they have released CB Chris Houston . OTL purple drank link . And there you have it ...  RT @ttwentyman The Lions have tabled contract discussions with Ndamukong Suh until after the season . As American Pharoah aims at greatness ,  it's worth watching this all time run from Triple Crown winner ,  Secretariat  . Giants announced OL David Diehl will undergo surgery to repair his unstable right thumb that will sideline him six weeks . Packers WR Randall Cobb is inactive Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski is active . Here's the details filed to ESPN from @mortreport and me on Peyton Manning picking the Broncos . NFLPA filed non injury grievance vs . Browns for 1 game suspension  imposed on Josh Gordon at end of  year that could delay his free agency . RT @bhofheimerespn Good luck to former ESPNer @JoshElliottABC who starts as co host of the new @GAA today ... in addition to his @GMA gig . Of the 5 remaining unsigned 1st round picks ,  it's sounding more and more like DT B.J . Raji will be next to strike deal ,  as early as tonight . RT @AaronSamuel54 Peyton will play next year .  ...  Kind of agree with you . Just finished reading Larry King's book ,  My Remarkable Journey . The ghostwriter ,  Cal Fussman ,  did a remarkable job with it . RT @tunasweasel In honor of Jets likely offensive output each week  ?  Want one @damienwoody  ?  Denver reached agreement on a three year ,  9 million deal with former Colt Jacob Tamme ,  who will be reunited with Broncos Peyton Manning . Steelers free agent S Ryan Clark said on SportsCenter he is going to visit the Washington Redskins . Winner takes all Winner of next Sunday's Cowboys Redskins game wins the NFC East . RT @markschlereth , @wingoz I have a vision of Childress watching that tape and slobbering like a Saint Bernard . Cleveland fielding offers for and open to trading WRs Josh Gordon and Greg Little . At least one team has made a quality offer for Gordon . Seahawks rookie DL Malik McDowell involved in a car accident and is not with Seattle in training camp . After trade talks with Giants fell through ,  Ravens released OT Eugene Monroe ,  per sources . Now free agent . NYG ,  SD ,  SEA could have interest . Ravens coach John Harbaugh said rookie LB Sergio Kindle has a fractured skull . Just saying that hurts . Best wishes for speedy recovery . Teammates have thought Warner was retiring and such a quick decision would seem to be another sign of that . OL Josh Kline no longer will be included in trade sending CB Eric Rowe to Patriots . Kline remains Patriots property and could be released . Does anyone really believe if Buffalo or Cincinnati offered Mike Vick more money than Philly ,  he wouldn't have gone there  ?  #followthemoney . There we go ...  RT @RGIII Doctors cleared me to practice . Coach is going to ease me in . Thank you for your support & See you in Richmond . When Seattle plays at Kansas City on Friday night ,  its starting quarterback will be rookie Russell Wilson . Talks between the Titans and holdout RB Chris Johnson intensified Wednesday and will continue today . Both sides know its crunch time . Dolphins WR Brandon Marshall is inactive . RT @DBrooks55 JUST LIKE THE RAIDERS BUT THESE GUYS DESERVE IT YOU AGREE  ...  Actually like the move ,  Derrick . You pay for what you get . RT @hellawickedEH why not just call him a former NFL player then  ?   ...  OK ,  former NFLer Nate Webster . Hope that Is satisfactory to all . NFL confirmed that two teams ,  Buffalo and Washington ,  each have been fined 20,000 for violating NFLs procedures for reporting injuries . RT @stlouis0 ... Will Brett Favre coverage become prime time only  ?  On a night with plenty of conversation about the Redskins current QB ,  their former QB Jason Campbell named the starting QB for Oakland . For new season tickets purchased from May 1 to June 30 ,  Raiders will donate 10 percent of ticket price to Oakland Unified School District . Former Eagles WR Dorial Green Beckham cleared waivers ,  per source . Some very perceptive comments Steve Young just called New Orleans' win a perception changing game for the Saints . RT @AdamLedet I get 8 tweets in the morning from u before i even wake up . My daughter says Daddy your phone is dinging again at 430 am . Patriots have downgraded TE Rob Gronkowski ,  starting left tackle Nate Solder and right guard Jonathan Cooper to out for Sunday's game . Alex Mack's offer sheet with Jags that the Browns now have 5 days to match pats him 10M this season and 8M in the four season after . RT @ThaMonsta1980 So does this mean payton is still suspended as of 41 ?   ...  No . Suspension is being appealed . And our winning dinner suggestion tonight is ... Jim 'N Nick's . Thank you all for playing Pick A Pitstop Dinner game . This is some kind of insult to @OGOchoCinco RT @CinBengalsNFL Bengals 2 sign kicker in time 4 rams game 2 rest graham . Colts see something Broncos didn't they claimed former Broncos QB Tom Brandstater on waivers . He will compete to backup Peyton Manning . Tim Tebow homers in batting practice at Day 2 of Mets camp . Hardly a surprise ,  but Bears are placing franchise tag on WR Alshon Jeffery ,  per team source . Cardinals QB John Skelton is expected to start Saturday vs . Cincinnati while Kevin Kolb continues recovering from most recent concussion . Great hard to imagine point from @adamschein if the Broncos beat the Jets ,  Denver and New York will have the same record . One year deal between 49ers and CB Nnamdi Asomugha is worth up to 3 million . Buffalo tried out former Titans QB Patrick Ramsey on Tuesday . Falcons K Matt Bryant ,  listed as questionable due to a back injury ,  is expected to kick today vs Dolphins ,  per team official . Packers looking to become the 1st defending Super Bowl Champion to start the next season 10 0 since the 1998 Broncos . Eagles and former Chargers RB Ryan Mathews officially have reached agreement on 3 year ,  11.5 million deal that includes 5M gtd ,  per source . 7 11 shut down ...  RT @BenVolinPBP Dolphins waived Chris Hogan . Falcons' WR Julio Jones will receive 47.5 million guaranteed and 71.25 million over five years ,  per @mortreport . Feeling always has been that the Steelers wouldn't bring WR Plaxico Burress to Pittsburgh if the team didn't intend to sign him . In a weekend where many business cards were exchanged ,  best card I heard about was Andy Reid's wife ,  Tammy The Coach of the Head Coach.Washington LB Trent Murphy officially suspended the first four games of 2017 for violating NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . Ryan Mallett will be signing with the Baltimore Ravens ,  per @diannaESPN . Chargers HC Norv Turner said on @NFL32 that WR Eddie Royal is the most impressive player he has coached the past few seasons . Love what Eagles HC Chip Kelly said Wednesday when asked what he means by invest in yourself. Kelly Well ,  ...  Tonight marks debut of NFLs new extra point rules . Ball now snapped from 15 yard line ,  while 2 point conversions remain at 2 yard line . Former Bucs and Bears DT Brian Price visited with the Minnesota Vikings . Browns announced Alec Scheiner is stepping away fromposition as President of Cleveland Browns as of March 31 ,  2016.RT @JohnJohn25 ARE U SERIOUS ABOUT LANE KIFFIN AND BUFFALO  ?   ...  Letterman's  writer tweeted that   you think it's real  ?  C'mon ,  man  !  Stand corrected . RT @rion021 ur doing the math wrong . 2 ab's 2 hr's an average of 4 ab's a game puts him on pace to hit 648 HRs this season . Denver paid DE Jarvis Green last off season . Two weeks from now ,  he'll go against Broncos . Green signed a one year deal with Texans . Next CB deal likely done is in New Orleans . Saints are close to deal with Steelers free agent CB Keenan Lewis that could be done today . RT @mortreport Staffford who sits ,  has had a new MRI that Dr. James Andrews will look at Monday . Lions hope rest & bye heal but nervous . Free public service announcement 14 days till CBA expires ,  71 days to the Royal Wedding . #countdownison . RT @BenMitchum Do you see the Dolphins taking Tannehill or likely gone with the Browns  ?   ...  Think Vikings might have some trade leverage . Filed to ESPN Cincinnati was granted compensatory picks in the third and fourth rounds   picks 96 and 131.Teams have been told tonight's Hall of Fame game has been cancelled . Now awaiting official announcement . Raiders RB Marshawn Lynch wearing an Everybody vs Trump T shirt  . RT @MikeReiss Boiling down Bill Belichick's breakfast chat with reporters this morning into some quick hits . Falcons activated WR Devin Hester from the short term IR list and placed WR Leonard Hankerson on IR . Cam NewtonTom Brady spent 6 hours together in June in LA ,  shooting an Under Armour commerical . Brady preached preparation ,  Newton listened . The front loaded 5.5M number in Chris Hogan's offer sheet with Patriots is the challenge for Bills . Big number for team tight vs cap . List II of players invited to NFL draft Lane Johnson ,  Ezekial Ansah ,  Kenny Vaccaro ,  DJ Fluker ,  Eric Fisher ,  Menelik Watson . Colts' DT Arthur Jones suspended the first four games for violating the NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . Steelers officially announced they activated NT Casey Hampton and RashardRB  Mendenhall from the PUP  Physically Unable to Perform  List . This is the Giants first trade since Sept . 3 ,  2010 ,  when they acquired Sage Rosenfels and Darius Reynaud for a fifth round draft choice . Falcons signed K Steve Hauschka ,  placed G Harvey Dahl and CB Chris Houston on IR and signed LB Robert James off their practice squad . Bengals and AJ Green have agreed to a new contract ,  as @RapSheet reported . Who would have thought the biggest news the day after NFL regular season ends would involve ... Mike Krzyzewski . K Dan Carpenter ,  released Weds ,  already has work waiting . Problem is ,  hes waiting on wife ,  3 days overdue with couples first child . Raiders also have reached out to free agent quarterback Josh McCown as well ,  which suggests their search will be comprehensive . Eagles DC Jim Schwartz on LB Nigel Bradham ,  who was arrested for a loaded gun in his backpack at Miami Intl Airport  . Eagles Vikings on 1226 moved to 820 pm start time . It marks Eagles 6th primetime game this season . So far ,  Eagles are 5 0 at night . Jaguars RB Leonard Fournette ,  listed as questionable for Sunday due to foot injury ,  is considered a gameday decision . Jags not optimistic . Brandon Flowers' one year deal with the SD Chargers is worth up to 5 million and includes a 1.5M signing bonus ,  per @FieldYates . RT @jonplee Do you see a luckharbaugh packagedeal to carolina  ?   ...  Not sure Luck comes out ,  and don't see Harbaugh in Carolina ,  no . Titans Vice PresidentPlayer Personnel Lake Dawson interviewed today for the Panthers GM job . Fresno St . QB Derek Carr told NFL he has decided to stay home in Bakersfield ,  Calif. ,  with familyfriends rather than attend draft in NYC . So to recap ,  Cowboys lose Dez Bryant 4 6 weeks with a broken bone in his foot and Randy Gregory several week with a high ankle sprain . Chiefs OT Donald Stephenson is expected to sign with the Denver Broncos when league year opens Wednesday ,  as @TerezPaylor reported . Eric Dickerson 'Good meeting' with Rams executive ,  but still won't attend games if Jeff Fisher is coach ...  Seahawks released starting defensive tackle Tony McDaniel today . Said it was for salary cap reasons after extending Wilson and Wagner . Geez for the geeze r . Tom Watson 1 hole from becoming oldest player in history to win golf major . Sandy Montag arrived in Washington a short time ago and is scheduled to meet this afternoon with Redskins GM Bruce Allen . Huge Gobert fan . Huge . And the Madden Cover   blessing or curse   goes to ... Seahawks CB Richard Sherman . #MaddenCover . Ravens were ready to make a deal with the Bears ,  then Chicago balked and clock ran out ,  causing Baltimore to miss its turn . Strong hunch that this Roddy White holdout is going to last a little while . At least . Lions agreement with Jason Jones is for three years . Andy Reid announces Nick Foles is starting Sunday . Ravens TE Todd Heap is active today . Take this one to the bank With the 37th pick tonight ,  the Redskins will land QB Donovan McNabb  not bad ,  right ?   #nfldraft . Active today Theo Riddick ,  Dez Bryant ,  Robert Woods ,  Eddie Royal ,  Marcell Dareus ,  Tony Romo.Inactive today Marcus Peters ,  Jimmy Smith . 49ers are starting QB Jimmy Garoppolo on Sunday . Tony Romo underwent surgical procedure to remove a cyst on his back last month that could keep him out till training camp . Since start of year ,  Panthers have lostPresident  resigned GM  fired Asst GM  resigned DC  resigned Quite an offseason . Not so cockamamie RT @Adrenaline777 Imagine QB dropping back ,  not liking what he sees ,  throwing pass into scoreboard . Instant do over . Patriots officially placed TE Rob Gronkowski on IR and signed TE D.J . Williams . Eagles traded for Ravens DT Timmy Jernigan ,  per source . Bengals rookie QB Andy Dalton's first pass ... interception . Interesting question RT @mrhammar True or false..if Big Ben wasn't investigated in GA this offseason ,  @santonio10 would still be a Steeler  ?  How Johnny Manziel raised his hand and volunteered to go to rehab ...  RT @junglevetteguy Local News in Detroit reports YOU report Harbaugh to UofM  ?  T or F  ?   ...  Listen to Podcast on my Twitter timeline  judge . 49ers scheduled to arrive in New Orleans about 730 Sunday night ,  Ravens scheduled to arrive about 4 Monday afternoon . Houston is now locked in on its player and is not expecting a trade ,  per sources . Texans happy to sit at 1 and take player it wants . In exchange for Marcell Dareus ,  Buffalo is receiving 2018 sixth round pick that can go to fifth round pick based on performance ,  per source . Sunday's best at NFL training camps . Giants free agent RB Ahmad Bradshaw left Pittsburgh without a deal . Steelers keeping lines of communication with him open . NFL admitted to Lions today that officials missed a hold on Ndamukong Suh on the 4th down conversion from Tony ...  Changes coming to NFL's officiating crews next season . NFL spent past year grooming 21 officials in developmental program for future seasons . Seahawks reach agreement with former Cardinals DT Alan Branch on a two year ,  8 million deal that includes 4 million guaranteed . New Orleans coming alive RT @Lancemoore16 Wow ,  thousands of people at the airport to welcome us home . Thank u Saints fans ... This week's NFL power rankings at ESPN.com . Madden 17 Cover  . Browns were awarded QB Thaddeus Lewis  St . Louis  ,  LB Quinton Spears  Miami  and DL Emmanuel Stephens  Atlanta  off waivers today . Browns WR Josh Gordon was arrested in Raleigh ,  N.C . for DWI  driving while impaired ,  according to Raleigh police captain Tommy Klein . Oakland is considering hiring Stanford defensive coordinator Jason Tarver as the Raiders new defensive coordinator . Yes ,  @RapSheet . Here's why NE is 1 andHouston is now 3. Pats have better conference W L than Ravens ,  better strength of victory than Texans . Jets QB Mark Sanchez's new contract is a 3 year extension for 40.5 million ,  giving him five total years for 58.25 mi  . As @mikejurecki reported ,  Cardinals will release former Pro Bowl S Adrian Wilson today . Despite being listed as questionable with a knee injury ,  Panthers RB Jonathan Stewart will play today vs Saints . Bears WR Alshon Jeffery suspended four games for violating its PED policy . Knowshon Moreno had career best 69 yards after contact ,  good for second most by a Broncos RB in past four seasons ,  via ESPN Stats and Info . Brandon Browner's agent ,  Peter Schaffer ,  said his client is in negotiations w four teams and we do not have a deal . We arent even close.Panthers hopeful and optimistic Steve Smith will play but won't know for sure until pregame warmups . Redskins and DeSean Jackson still havent discussed contract .  Team to watch SF . 49ers have real but guarded interest in DJax ,  per source . Jets are first team in NFL history to win road games in overtime in consecutive weeks.at Detroit last week ,  at Cleveland this one.Doubtful for Sunday Giants DE Justin Tuck  neck  ,  Brandon Jacobs  knee  ,  Chargers TE Antonio Gates  foot .John Madden recently underwent open heart surgery to repair blockages . He was released from hospital Weds and is expected to fully recover . Fox reported Saints WR Marques Colston broke his collarbone . Being told injury will sideline him at least four weeks ,  probably longer . Ryan Mathews agreed to a deal with PHIL ,  he did not sign a deal . Question will be whether he signs if and when Eagles sign DeMarco Murray . Hardly the Frozen Tundra Packers Bengals game could be hottest ever played at Lambeau Field ...  Colts QB Andrew Luck will be a limited participant in practice today ,  won't practice Thursday ,  and will be limited again Friday . Next steps . valuable . RT @realjesta neither are current coaches .  ...  Good point . Just hoping to keep my job . With Carlos Hyde out  foot injury  ,  49ers start RB Shaun Draughn ,  who has been cut 8 times in his NFL career ,  including 2 times this season . Out Sunday LeSean McCoy ,  Sammy Watkins ,  Luke Kuechly ,  Marqise Lee . Probable Jonathan Stewart ,  Chris Ivory . Well placed 49ers official on report that SF is seeking to trade QB Colin Kaepernick Totally false . 0% truth.RT @cmacfresh How can they tell the rookies not to go to the draft  ?   ...  Don't want them shaking hands with the boss of the lockout .. A game ball to @shirleyschefter for all the time ,  work and love she invested in me ,  my sister and brother . Happy Mother's Day ,  mom . Former Texans OT Eric Winston has visits lined up with the Dolphins ,  Chiefs and Rams . 49ers also placed LB NaVorro Bowman on PUP ,  meaning he officially will miss at least the first six games this season . Questionable for Sunday Steelers RB Rashard Mendenhall  hamstring  ,  Saints WR Devery Henderson  calf .Or Lance Dunbar ...  ?  cash . It would be a lot easier to be a lot more confident about these labor talks if the late Wellington Mara were leading the way . Perry Fewell planned to tell the Giants he was going become their defensive coordinator today ,  and he did just that . Done deal . Join Giants Mosaic Tribute to 911 by retweeting this or visiting Giants.com . #NYGneverforget . RT @jasonjwilde Al Harris says his career with the Packers will end with his release today . More on @ESPNMilwaukee  . Saints announce they matched Chicagos offer sheet for RFA TE Josh Hill . Hill stays put . Playoff teams expressing interest in former Colts CB Vontae Davis ,  hoping he can return for playoffs ...  The fact that Lendale White's former college coach Pete Carroll now has given up on him does not bode well for the running back's future . Vested vet gtd contracts after week 1. RT @CurtFletcher When a team terminates a contract do they actually pay him the whole amount  ?  Saints released DE Bobby McCray.Falcons cut fullback Dan Klecko.Jaguars will release running back Kolby Smith tomorrow . Leave it to @NFLonTheHill to produce this nugget Word On The Street this morning on Sesame Street is Incognito.Jets brought in four kickers and kept two finalists overnight Garrett Hartley and Randy Bullock . Hartley impressed ,  but Bullock signed . RT @McClainonNFL Keels said nothing would be offcial until Tuesday . That means they have a deal ,  but Bodden hasn't signed yet . Thank you for questions everybody . Off to do Sunday prep . Merry Christmas to everyone ,  especially our service women and men . Peace to all . RT @chawkins33 Any updates on their dealins with DT Suh  ?   ...  NFL will not announce anything until next week . St . Louis Rams received permission to interview Cardinals defensive coordinator Ray Horton for their head coaching job today . Broncos reached agreement with S Darian Stewart on a 4 year extension ,  per source . Seahawks WR Mike Williams active today . Worse than carrying shoulder pads . RT @espn Dinner tab for Dallas Cowboys rookie Dez Bryant comes to 54,000    . Fight fallout ...  RT @mikecwright Phil Emery says Martellus Bennett us absent today because he's been fined and suspended undetermined time . Bills LB Nigel Bradham suspended  the first game of 2014 regular season for violating the NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . And so next weekend's AFC wild card matchups are now setKansas City at HoustonPittsburgh at Cincinnati . Thoughts and prayers with Texans HC Gary Kubiak . Cleveland signed QB Brett Ratliff off Patriots practice squad and told him he would back up rookie QB Colt McCoy in Pittsburgh on Sunday . Chiefs LB Mike Vrabel now is 10 for 10. He has caught passes in his NFL career   all for touchdowns . Texans WR DeVier Posey ,  who tore his left Achilles vs New England in January ,  will open this season on the PUP list ,  per league source . While Giants WRs are running pregame routes with Eli Manning ,  OBJ is working with trainer ,  per @JordanRaanan . OBJ doesn't look comfortable . 2014 has retired and 2015 has been signed to a one year contract ,  per league sources.Happy New Year to all . Not what Cowboys need . RT @toddarcher Sean Lee needing help to the sideline with trainers . Limping to the locker room . Remember ,  Buffalo surprised on T.O. ,  Philly surprised on Vick . And I don't know where surprise is coming from on LJ ,  if there is a deal . More on the Raiders trying to lure Marshawn Lynch out of retirement . Cannot imagine the Patriots being handed their championship rings right before opening game like this . Ever . NFL now looking into whether the Steelers failed to list RB Le'Veon Bell properly on injury report last week ,  per league official . A nice sendoff to a worthy receiver and man . RT @GregBensel Saints sign WR Joe Horn to a contract will retire a Saint  !  And now ,  QB Colin Kaepernick officially has signed his six year contract extension through the 2020 season . Done deal.Prediction based on what I'm hearing Phil Dawson will not kick for Cleveland this season . He wants a new contract and there's a standoff . Alabama and HC Nick Saban agreed on long term deal as first reported by ESPNs Kirk Herbstreit . Jerry Jones Cowboys must be 'mindful' of 'chemistry' in making QB call between Prescott ,  Romo ...  One NFL coach on George Kokinis returning to Baltimore It's just like Baby Simba in the Lion King . The circle of life continues.A Bills contingent including their HC ,  GM ,  asst GM ,  Pres are scheduled to work out Tennessee QB Tyler Bray in Knoxville ,  next Sat . Anti player view RT @puyi1028 Horrible decision by NFL.Vick tortured , hung ,  drowned , electrocuted helpless animals.u can't come back from that . Wednesday Blitz a look at the storylines of the four potential Super Bowl XLIX matchups ...  Massive earthquake in Japan . Tsunami warning up and down our West Coast . Thoughts with many as the dark day is well underway . Put on Mike and Mike show right now ,  if possible ... One and done for Mark Sanchez . Already out of game . They're protecting the lore and the franchise   and Jets fans nor overly happy about it . During Sunday night's NBC broadcast ,  Tony Dungy said ,  I've talked to quite a few coaches who want to get my thoughts on where Vick is.RT @MikeReiss With Brandon Spikes signing 4 year deal with Patriots ,  team's lone unsigned pick is Devin McCourty  . Of all the camps I've ever visited ,  none is any nicer than Steelers camp in Latrobe . Quiant ,  charming ,  cozy ,  classy . My favorite camp . RT @TomPelissero Childress says Brett Favre is in ankle boot . Evulsion fracture and stress fracture . No surgery . In walking boot . Bills WR Kelvin Benjamin will not travel to Kansas City and has been downgraded to OUT . Don't laugh ,  but Jason Mraz singing on Sesame Street is one of the coolest things seen on TV in a while . NFL ruled that North Carolina DE Mike McAdoo is now eligible for Aug . 17 supplemental draft . Still no decision on Ohio St QB Terrelle Pryor . Still no sign of unsigned Bills franchise safety Jairus Byrd in camp and sense is he won't be there anytime soon . #BillsMafia . With Saturday night's loss ,  Cowboys have been officially eliminated from playoff contention . Now can put Tony Romo on IR ,  finally . Jacksonville spent Thursday interviewing Panthers OC Rob Chudzinski for its HC job ,  and Friday meeting with Jets OC Brian Schottenheimer . 49ers loaded up on picks ,  Rams loaded up on picks ,  and with Seattle's recent picks ,  NFC West is now the division to watch during the draft . Ben Roethlisberger ,  Santonio Holmes ,  Brian Cushing each return to their teams at 1201 am Monday . RT @MikeReiss Two former Patriots claimed on waivers WR Isaiah Stanback to Seattle and LB Bruce Davis to Denver . Mind blowing fact of week @markschlereth became a grandfather Sunday night . The youngest looking 47 year old grandpa I know ... And so it begins in Indy Colts have fired offensive coordinator Pep Hamilton ,  sources tell @MikeWellsNFL and me . Another coach the Buccaneers are considering is former Texans HC Gary Kubiak ,  per league sources . Texans announced their defensive coordinator ,  Wade Phillips ,  shows continued improvement and will be out of bed and up walking today . Great piece from the great Tom Rinaldi on former Raiders QB @JamarcusRussell running on ESPN just after 3 pm ET . Really worth watching . Golfers Jordan Spieth and Ryan Palmer   in New Orleans for the Zurich Classic   watched the first round of NFL draft from Saints' war room . With the World Series ,  NBC got its NFL issued bye week . RT @jccanton @AdamSchefter hey Adam ,  why no Sunday Night Football tonight  ?  Seahawks TE Jimmy Graham is expected to play Sunday vs SF ,  despite being listed as questionable with an ankle injury ,  per source . RT @EDizzle33 @AdamSchefter Phyllis still looks great  ! . &lt   Yes ,  she does . And now ,  Brandon Jacobs officially has been released . One more free agent running back .  . So after all the questions ,  looks like Michael Vick vs . Robert Griffin III on opening MNF game of season . OK with that . Get ready ,  Buffalo Dolphins hired Bryan Cox as the team's pass rush coach . Chargers placed Nick Novak on IR and promoted K Travis Coons to active roster . Coons is the Chargers' third full time kicker this season . Johnny Football . RT @reggiebush When I was little I would just wear my football uniform every year for Halloween cuz my family couldn't afford costumes  !  Record alert ,  record alert  !  Frank Gore has 206 rushing yards with 1449 to go in the third quarter  !  Raiders  TEs former Bills TE Lee Smith expected to join Oakland ,  per sources . Bengals TE Jermaine Gresham expected to visit Oakland today . Seahawks gave HC Pete Carroll a new three year agreement . RT @jasonspiegz We need the NFL  !   ...  True . And it needs its fans   don't forget that ,  either . Actually was meeting w John Harbaugh yesterday when he excused himself to talk to Mason . Harbaugh was gone 10 minutes . 10 productive mins . Official Bears agreed to terms on a one year contract with LB Tim Shaw and placed LB Brian Urlacher on injured reserve . Done . Wow . RT @vikes42 Green and white it is . Want to thank coach rex coach DT and mr idzilk for the opportunity . And to the fans I won't let u down . Former Colts 3rd round pick Quinn Pitcock signed with Seattle . Pitcock ,  the former Ohio St . DT ,  abruptly retired after his rookie season . A friend from Florida emailed this Great stuff with Jones Drew . He called the Jags America's Team ? They aren't even Duval County's team.12 Two favorite locker room interviews Saints S Darren Sharper saying over and over We're WORLD champions ,  we're WORLD champions ... Logjam is now broken Filed to ESPN Redskins gave Trent Williams a six year ,  60 million contract that includes 36.75 million guaranteed . Brock Osweiler will start at quarterback for the Houston Texans in Saturday's playoff game against the Oakland Raiders . Giants LB coach Jim Hermann is interviewing for Eagles defensive coordinator job ,  per league source . 49ers free agent safety Dashon Goldson is scheduling a visit with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers . Wash CB Sidney Jones ,  a consensus 1st round pick ,  underwent surgery today on torn Achilles with Dr . Robert Anderson . Running in four months . With Sam Bradford starting tonight ,  the possibility of the Eagles getting the Rams 2016 third round pick will be ...  Former Chiefs' DL Jaye Howard is visiting the Bears ,  per source . So PITT's decision to match NE's offer sheet to WR Emmanuel Sanders will be more philosophical than financial . Chiefs and GM John Dorsey are parting ways . Andy Reid gets extension ,  Dorsey is out . RT @AndrewSiciliano Norv Turner is channeling his inner Wade Phillips . Bills announce they will suspend OL Coach Aaron Kromer without pay for the first six games of the 2015 NFL regular season . Jets notified season ticket holders they will use variable pricing to better reflect the value of and expected demand for each game.Back to football RT @buffalobillscom Bills GM Buddy Nix announced that the Bills and second round pick Torell Troup have agreed to terms . Bills will meet this week with former Broncos HC Mike Shanahan . Won't be easy to get him ,  but they're going to make it tough to turn down . Friday Blitz Column Denver has rendered Von Miller's suspenion virtually meaningless .  Even though he is off PUP ,  Steelers' Rashard Mendenhall is not expected to be ready to play regular season opener ,  could miss most of Sept . Filed to ESPN Former Seahawks DC Gus Bradley has accepted the head coaching job with the Jacksonville Jaguars . ATL Roddy White's holdout ending tomorrow . He reached agreement on 6 year ,  50 million deal ,  including 18.6 mil gtd ,  team source said . Redskins also signed former Broncos RB Ryan Torain ,  and WR Marques Hagans and Roydell Williams . Packers WR Randall Cobb officially active ,  as are RB Eddie Lacy and QB Aaron Rodgers . RT @JimCantore Watching a potential RARE #NYC landfall over the next few hours . #Irene  Last time that happened 1893. Before that 1821 . Well ,  that didn't take long Free agent WR Randy Moss has received an offer ... from the IFL's Chicago Slaughter . And so whoever had Sam Bradford signs Friday in the office pool is a winner . So Packers have signed QB Seneca Wallace and released QB B.J . Coleman . RT @espnnfcnblog Brett Favre to 're evaluate'    . Former Duke WR Max McCaffrey   son of former Broncos WR Ed and brother of Stanford RB Christian   is signing with the Raiders ,  per source . Martellus Bennett and Rob Gronkowski now expected to give Patriots the double TE threat they have lacked . Texans OT Duane Brown had the outside of his leg rolled up on ,  now undergoing tests . We'll hold our breath ,  said Texans HC Gary Kubiak . Rich Gannon says Vikings would be foolish to take QB in first round ...  Friday 10 Spot How @RGIII has been more impressive than any Hall of Fame quarterback . Dolphins releasing LB Karlos Dansby . Filed to ESPN Tennessee signed former Rams and Eagles LB Will Witherspoon with a 3 year ,  11 million deal that includes 5 million gtd . About six weeks ...  RT @scoringstorm @AdamSchefter How long is SF's Staley out  ?  At request of Modell family ,  Browns will not pay tribute to former owner Art Modell before Sunday's game . We're reque  . Patriots filed amicus brief supporting NFLPAs appeal of Tom Bradys suspension in 2nd circuit ,  per court filing . Pats  NFLPA vs NFL . Pats WRs Brandon Lloyd and Wes Welker active G Logan Mankins inactive . Wow RT @MatthewHass008  . Free agent OT Jake Long is leaving St . Louis later this afternoon without a contract from the Rams . Eric Winston was elected as President of the NFL Players Association today . Colts undecided which QB will play tonight would not be a surprise if Matt Hasselbeck does ,  Andrew Luck doesn't.How great is this  ?  Eric Berry hugging his mom Saturday night ,  pregame  . RT @MattPomPom Monday Night Forecast for Univ of Minn TCF Bank Stadium NEGATIVE 3 degree ,  Wind Chill Negative 13. 10% chance of snow . Aaron Rodgers and Green Bay's playoff hopes back from the locker room . #R E L A X . Chicago Bears have actively started seeking a trade partner for quarterback Jay Cutler ,  per @JeffDarlington . there . Hope I don't get fined . RT @ModestJesse @AdamSchefter woah  !  You're watching a baseball game  ?  !  Does ESPN know  ?  Who you pulling for  ?  Sundays are for football   and reality TV . Tomorrow night is opening night for @OGOchoCinco and @terrellowens . Got my popcorn ready . Patrick Mahomes II said on @espn he is going back to Indianapolis this week to have his left wrist re examined during NFL medical re checks . Former Titans TE Jared Cook scores a five year deal with Rams . Patriots inactives include LB Brandon Spikes and TE Rob Gronkowski . CB Aqib Talib is active . Another rookie QB has been handed a starting job . Arizona will start rookie QB Max Hall against New Orleans . Part I Just sent to ESPN   Raiders and Richard Seymour are in final stages of planning the holdout DL's arrival in Oakland this weekend . If Eli Manning passes for at least 48 yards and 2 TDs vs Saints ,  he will record his 7th consec season with 3000 pass yards and 20 pass TDs . Raiders RB Darren McFadden suffered a high ankle sprain on his first carry of the game ,  played through it before aggra  . This is great ... this is 2017  . Saints LB Jonathan Vilma officially has appealed his year long suspension . Broncos waived wide receiver Tavarres King and activated linebacker Von Miller to their 53 man roster . CBS plans to officially announce the hiring of Tony Romo today ,  per source . Former Colts S Bob Sanders is in Jacksonville ,  visiting Jags today . As a released player ,  Sanders is free to sign w a team until March 3.Current defined benefit pension plan will remain in place for current officials through 2016 season  or until official  . Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger said he does not believe his rib injury is season ending but he is unsure when he'll play again . RT @Joeeatstacos I understand the fine ,  but Cutler was past the LOS .  ...  Some people in NFL office agree with you . Browns RB Brandon Jackson has turf toe and will be out a maximum of six weeks . Browns to start Jason Campbell vs Patriots . This is vintage Buddy Ryan doing things his way ...  After releasing Matt Flynn ,  Patriots will be signing QB Ryan Lindley ,  per @fieldyates . At No . 118 ,  Texans take TE Garrett Graham ,  Wisconsin . #nfldraft . As much as I dislike working out ,  I dislike NOT doing it way more . Wouldn't miss it . But damn glad I'm done with it for the day . RT @McMurphyESPN Mike Rice fired at Rutgers . Confession on the lack of a life I have don't remember the last time I filled out an NCAA tournament bracket . #sticktofootballschefter . Potsy Lombardi just doesn't have a ring to it . RT @likedadsays @AdamSchefter why don't coaches have good names like Potsy any more  ?  Gearing up for another Futbol Sunday ... #WorldCup . For those that want more . RT @richarddeitsch The @LATsportsblog compiles some of John Wooden's favorite maxims  . Fact of day ,  courtesy @TomRockNewsday Last time Giants WR Odell Beckham Jr . practiced was Aug . 18. Already almost a lost season . For those who want to see the best at what they did ,  David Frost interviews Muhammad Ali in 1974 . NFL Network draft analyst Mike Mayock has emerged as a candidate to become Washingtons general manager ,  sources tell @FieldYates and me . Broncos re signed exclusive rights free agent punter Britton Colquitt . Giants quarterbacks coach Chris Palmer told the team he is retiring . season  ?  Oakland also loved Mike Evans but when Khalil Mack slipped to 5 ,  freed Mike Evans as a main option for Tampa Bay . Unless the two sides reach a long term deal in the next month ,  Broncos will use franchise tag on Pro Bowl LB Von Miller ,  per league sources . Gary Kubiak said Demaryius Thomas' hip injury is feeling better and he expects the WR back at practice Wednesday . Texans WR Will Fuller out for rest of game with rib injury . Chargers announce 1st round pick Mike Williams is expected to miss training camp with back injury . From @mortreport and me Penn St's Bill O'BrienTexans already have met ,  working on a deal . O'Brien favorite . RT @imsobernow whats Rodgers status for the packers tomorrow  ...  Barring a setback ,  he starts . Still hard to believe that during 2004 ,  Giants had ,  at one point or another ,  Eli Manning ,  Kurt Warner and Kerry Collins . Former Colts WR Reggie Wayne arrived in New England last night and is taking a physical with the Patriots today ,  per league sources . Owners in room don't negotiate players' deals . Players in room don't negotiate their deals . Yet we're counting on these groups to do deal  ?  If the Seahawks hired Spencer Stuart to help them ,  then clearly they can't have deal done with Holmgren and will seriously look elsewhere . And Bears are on the board with Florida DB Major Wright . #nfldraft . Denver wins Super Bowl trip ,  Peyton Manning earns 2 million incentive . Heading into tonight ,  Cowboys cornerbacks now have gone 470 passing attempts dating back to Week 14 last year since their last interception . Breaking Vikings news  !  RT @alexmarvez Jared Allen cut his mullet  . Interesting Titans bringing former Jags WR Matt Jones to Tennessee tomorrow for a visit . Cowboys and Bears also expressing some interest . Colts announced they agreed to terms with former Broncos LB Nate Irving . At No . 133 ,  Seahawks draft Virginia Tech S Kam Chancellor . #nfldraft . Chris Berman on last year's Cards and this year's Titans Any team that goes to Foxboro and gets blown out in the snow is going places.Bengals moving training camp fromt Georgetown  Ky.  College to their training facility in Cincinnati . Raiders are giving former Bengals safety Reggie Nelson a two year deal . Injury and topic of the week . RT @espnnfl New York Giants tight end Kevin Boss ruled out with concussion   . Nothing to this . Nothing at all . RT @gpak4 @AdamSchefter This rumor bout bmarsh to GB for driver ,  donald lee any truth to it  ?  Falcons are giving CB Desmond Trufant a five year extension ,  per source . A Penn State player told me Deon Butler is better WR than Derrick Williams . Butler looks it tonight for Seattle . Another impressive rookie . This is true ... tabloids . RT @DanielColeman @AdamSchefter is this true Philly Daily News headline HIDE YOUR DOGS  !   ? No surprise but former Raiders LB Rolando McClain cleared waivers . Now he goes looking for work . Germany aims to be the 3rd country with 4 WC titles Argentina tries to keep South American teams 8 for 8 in WC finals held in the Americas . Cleveland requested permission for OC interview with Jets asst HC Anthony Lynn . A look at the reporting of the Jason Pierre Paul story and use of medical records ,  via @richarddeitsch  . Dallas claimed DT Brian Price on waivers from Green Bay . Congratulations today to all Michigan graduates   and all graduates at all schools this spring . Congrats  !  RT @joereedy ESPN's Chris Berman is this year's recipient of the Pro Football Hall of Fame's Pete Rozelle RadioTelevision Award . As @ProFootballTalk ,  Patriots are re signing WR @DonteStallworth to help replace injured Julian Edelman . RT @mortreport Filed to ESPN Dolphins owner Steve Ross has traveled west to make an urgent pitch to Jim Harbaugh to become their next HC . RT @KevinPhantom666 Any news on Jake Long  ?  Last I heard he and Rams were having dinner.  ...  Good dinner . Deal possible . But still issues . About to do Sportscenter ,  live ,  with my friends Josh Elliott and Sage Steele . SD Wide receiver Malcom Floyd signed a three year contract extension that will carry through the 2015 season . Former Baylor WR Josh Gordon ,  who declared for Thursday's supplemental draft ,  is scheduled to hold his Pro Day on Tues . at Texans facility . Chargers placing WR Keenan Allen on IR with lacerated kidney ,  per sources .  Full recovery expected but out for year . ESPN's Insiders recap Sunday's games ,  discuss injuries and look forward to Monday Night Football in Mexico City . This is quite the visual . RT @dagwood412 what does the raiders war room look like  ?  just 1 chair for Al Davis to sit in and a speed chart  ?  HC Mike Shanahan on TE Chris Cooley Chris went through some drills today and felt good.He should be able to go full speed tomorrow.Eagles said there will be an MRI tomorrow for Michael Vick . Significant MRI . Sources close to Alex Mack say he wants to play this contract in Jacksonville ,  not Cleveland ,  which opted not to give him long term deal . 49ers planning to release WR Bruce Ellington today ,  per source . Ellington is recovered from last season's torn hamstring . Indianapolis' Jim Caldwell is the first rookie head coach since Potsy Clark of the 1931 Portsmouth Spartans to start the season 7 0.Patriots have made 62 trades outside of draft day since 2001 ,  including 8 since the start of last offseason both figures ,  most in the NFL . Cardinals placed Tyrann Matthieu on IR . Dolphins announced they signed former Chargers DL Vaughn Martin . Cardinals now have released recently reinstated LB Daryl Washington . Browns QB Connor Shaw starts vs . Ravens ,  Cardinals QB Ryan Lindley starts vs . Seattle ,  Chiefs QB Chase Daniel starts vs . San Diego . Pending Monday's physical ,  Broncos will sign their former QB Brock Osweiler on a one year ,  775,000 deal . Saints didn't want to keep around TE Jeremy Shockey and his 4.5 million in salary . Next big call is on Reggie Bush and his 11.8 million . More notable Pro Bowl snubs Aldon Smith ,  Cam Newton ,  Andy Dalton ,  Duane Brown ,  Cliff Avril ,  someone in Tennessee being no Titans made it . MLB's best pitcher ,  Justin Verlander ,  gets 180 million guarantees from Tigers . NFL's best pitcher ,  Aaron Rodgers ,  won't come close to that . Free agent RB Dominic Rhodes has been suspended by the commissioner for a period of at least one year . Exactly three weeks from this time tonight ,  we'll be about halfway through the first round of the draft at Radio City Music Hall . This I have to see . RT @mortreport Hines Ward to Dancing With The Stars ,  starting March 21. His off season program . ESPNCleveland reporting Browns WR Josh Gordon is being suspended two games and fined four game checks . Initial prognosis on Chargers G Forrest Lamp is torn ACL . Sending off MRI for second opinion . RT @WAD1980 Please RT . I'm walking Sat in Boston Support Step Out Walk 2 Fight Diabetes Lost my mom this yr she was 55  . And with that trade and little attention during cuts ,  New England has transformed itself into one of the youngest teams in the league . RT @ScottHiga Schefter sounds like a tool when he says Matthew Hasselbeck Too professional to call the guy Matt  ?   ...  He prefers Matthew . Percy Harvin active ,  Sidney Rice active . As of today ,  Deflategate is 491 days old . It has lasted nearly 7 times longer than Kim Kardashian's marriage to the Hawks' Kris Humphries . Some things defy logic . RT @tcsmith43 Drew Brees had a son named Bowen earlier this week . David Bowens pick sixed him twice today . Football's gone ,  Ubertwitter's gone . Expecting someone to pickpocket my Blackberry any moment now . It is not expected NFL will discipline Jets LB Calvin Pace for his comments that NY had to put out RB Reggie Bush . Vid  . Atlanta is on verge of trading CB Chris Houston to Detroit for a 2010 sixth round pick and a switch of draft positions in fifth round . Texans gave TE C.J . Fiedorowicz a three year ,  21.5 million extension that included 10 million gtd ,  per source . The other side of this ...  So Adrian Peterson and Jamaal Charles released on same day . Free agency takes some interesting turns . Bills announced they will acquire QB Matt Cassel from Vikings and an undisclosed draft choice in exchange for undisclosed draft choices . Within next 24 48 hours ,  Patriots employees John Jastremski and Jim McNally are expected to be reinstated ,  according to a league source . Sunday's undercard . RT @SmartAzzFB Why is everyone so worried about brady manning  ?  Ben R. Carson Palmer could decide division . Cowboys G Ron Leary plans to sign with the Denver Broncos assuming no last minute negotiating snags ,  per sources . RT @BlogAndTackle @deegle84 Right about now would be a great time for Favre to sneak his return announcement to the #NFL, . Rams said RB Todd Gurley now has been cleared to practice . Andrew Luck 24.6 million average annual salary.Carson Palmer 24.35M.Drew Brees 24.25MKirk Cousins 23.9M.Derek Carr at or near top . RT @WSolet13 Any news on the Saints and Nnamdi Asomugha  ?   ...  Going to have to beat out 49ers . No surprise but Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger ruled out vs . Patriots . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . It's underway ,  sort of . Bills rookies today became the first players to report to training camp this summer . Colts WR Reggie Wayne is out Sunday vs . PITT ,  HC Chuck Pagano announced . Here's what Chiefs' coaching intern Mike Vick said this spring about his desire to become a coach . RT @cocoabrotha31 Has there ever been a first or second round supp pick  ?   ...  Plenty . Brian Bosworth ,  Bobby Humphrey ,  Dave Brown ,  a lot more . No joke in past 30 minutes ,  people have told me Vick spotted in Tampa ,  Carolina and Buffalo . Didn't realize one man could be in 3 places . RT @5ksandcabernets Biggest sports stories since 1980  in chron . order  len bias smu death penalty Magic HIV steroid scandal in mlb . Attn ,  Tennessee . Steelers have won 6 straight season openers dating back to 03 ,  which is the longest active streak in NFL . Packers' WR Randall Cobb is not expected to play Sunday vs . Falcons due to a hamstring injury ,  per source . Packers being careful with Cobb . RT @evansilva Chargers RB Mike Tolbert will get more playing time than Ryan Mathews for the foreseeable future ,  per SD Union Trib . After this year ,  McCoy . RT @TheRealFlip @AdamSchefter Which QB do you think will be drafted higher    Bradford or McCoy  ?  Rams RB Zak Stacy ,  who tweeted Yikes after STL drafted Todd Gurley ,  has requested a trade and team is open to moving him ,  per NFL source . RT @SIPeterKing Putting a ref from a small African country in charge of a vital WC game is like a Mid American Conf ref doing Super Bowl . For those scoring at home Eagles gave newly acquired DE Darryl Tapp a three year ,  9 million deal that includes a 3 million signing bonus . Bills RB Fred Jackson said he's 70 75 percent certain he will be able to play Sunday vs . New England . One clarification on Sunday's fines Redskins S LaRon Landry got the 7,500 fine and DT Albert Haynesworth got the 5,000 fine . Browns rookie WR Corey Coleman broke his hand in practice today ,  as @MaryKayCabot reported . At No . 136 ,  KC selects Mississippi DB Kendrick Lewis . #nfldraft . if vets are on roster week 1 ,  then their salaries are guaranteed RT @DeadStroke96 What datetime do veteran base salaries get guaranteed  ?  RT @rjfisher72 Dont you think cliff avril is better than vincent jackson  ?   ...  Avril terrific . Just depends on what team needs . Both great . RT @TimGrahamESPN Who does Brett Favre think he is  ?  Aaron Schobel  ?  Week in review ,  via @numberFire . And now we can start looking ahead to Patriots Jets . it . Off to biggest football convention of year   execs ,  coaches ,  scouts ,  agents ,  players ,  reporters . Indy is this weekend's football mecca . And as @caplannfl notes ,  Eagles re signing Trent Edwards today to an extension through 2013.Want to know chances there won't be football in 2011 ?  NFLPA head De Smith scheduled to be on Mike and Mike tomorrow morning at 740 ET . Red wet substance on my hotel room wall has generated enormous interest . 100 Marriott points to the person who can guess exactly what it is . So LeSean McCoy gets cash he wants ,  Bills get RB they want ,  Eagles get LB they want . Everyone happy . Redskins not expected to sign franchise LB Brian Orakpo to long term deal before today's deadline . Orakpo expected to play on 1 year deal . Think Lions CB @chrishouston23 just intercepted my blackberry ... and is tweeting to add more followers . Let's please help him out . Cleveland Browns will be releasing quarterback Brandon Weeden ,  per @MikeSilver . And one more big injury Jaguars CB Rashean Mathis to IR with a torn ACL . Mathis' contract was up at end of this season . Ezekiel Elliott did not suffer any significant injuries in car accident Sunday ,  but Cowboys are being cautious now holding him out of OTAs . The latest on Peyton Manning's search for a new team ...   Looks like @OGOChocinco and I both win . Congrats ,  Ocho  !  Graham went ham and I'm going shopping  !  Bucs are placing RB Charles Sims on IR with his knee injury ,  per source . Wife of Cardinals QB Kevin Kolb gives birth to couple's third daughter . RT @nytbishop Mike Freeman of CBS Sports today The Jets are what happens when fearlessness has a one night stand with cockiness . Any more questions  ?  RT @shawnemerriman Just signed my tender and glad to be back with my teammates thanks to everyone #chargers . Other than Roger Goodell's Vick decision ,  Brett Favre's midlife decision ,  teams reporting and picks signing ,  should be a very quiet NFL week . Maybe this is @JimIrsay's WR  ...  Former Raiders WR Darrius Heyward Bey is expected to visit Colts as early as today . Two ties in one week . Cleveland intends to take QB Brandon Weeden ... Forecast for Green Bay at kickoff tonight is low 20s with a wind chill of 10.Former Colts and Giants WR Hakeem Nicks is traveling to SF today to meet with 49ers officials ,  per source . On this date in 1998 ,  John Elway and the Denver Broncos won their first Super Bowl . Chiefs officials spent today at Central Michigan visiting and working out offensive tackle Eric Fisher ,  a possible No . 1 overall pick . Eagles release S Kenny Phillips and LB Jamar Chaney . Roster now stands at 76 players . Panthers WR Steve Smith will play with six stitches and special glove . RT @SIPeterKing RT @SeahawkSteven Clausen to Seattle  ?   ...  22 picks till then . There's no way he'll   uhhhh ,  maybe I should shut up . Thanks for the too kind words about my first NBA tweet . All I can say is ,  @ricbucher better watch out  !  Big Red ...  RT @willbrinson This @ChrisSembower illustration of Andy Reid as Chiefs coach is absolutely outstanding . Bengals will trade pick No . 21 ... Seahawks gave QB Charlie Whitehurst a two year ,  10 million contract   unprecedented for a veteran who never has started an NFL game . Just got a royalty check for my ultra brief cameo in Longest Yard   a whopping 6.61. Wonder how much Adam Sandler's royalty check was for . One team that was strongly considering picking La'el Collins today now has changed its thinking . Going to pass . Now anything possible . NFL Insiders discuss Week 3 action ,  injuries around the league and preview Monday night Falcons Saints matchup . ICYMI Steelers assistant Joey Porter arrested at Pittsburgh bar ,  accused of assaulting doorman . The masses are speaking . Loudly . RT @happyjoelucky @AdamSchefter ESPN Tells Employees is now a trending topic  !  No going incognito in this puppy . RT @akiddon Just passed @AdamSchefter's bus on I 74. Cincinnati bids you adieu . Jonathan Martin's meeting with the NFL's independent investigator ,  Ted Wells ,  will occur at Wells' NYC office  make way for TV cameras .Really nice to see a slew of my NFL Network friends ,  including HOF inductee Rod Woodson and Rich Eisen ,  MC of HOF induction ceremonies . Bills are bringing back former Jets HC Rex Ryan for a second interview tonight in Florida ,  per league sources . WR Kevin Walter inactive for the Texans ,  but Matt Schaub does get the start . Like a good QB rating RT @SportsCenter Drew Bledsoe received a 91 rating  ...  on his vintage Cabernet Sauvignon . #NFL  . Dah dah dah ,  dah dah dah   just stretching my vocal cords and gearing up for 9 am Sportcenter . 49ers GM John Lynch said on ESPN's NFL Insiders that he might approach another team about a QB trade . Were not ...  Rams agreed to terms with former Packers free agent center Scott Wells . Three notable players on PUP list returned to practice today Buffalo WR James Hardy ,  Kansas City RB Kolby Smith ,  Miami LB Matt Roth . Carson Wentz threw 3 more TD passes ,  giving him 7 over past 2 weeks . Wentz hadnt thrown more than 2 in any of his first 20 NFL starts . Jaguars signed former Lions punter Nick Harris and released veteran punter Matt Turk . Bears announced they are using former Giants GM Ernie Accorsi as a consultant in their GM HC search . Washington TE Jordan Reed officially out Sunday vs Arizona . So Bills are getting back the 2015 fourth round pick they gave up to Cleveland . So it's Sammy Watkins for next year's 1.Rams QB Sam Bradford is active and starting ,  Pats RB Kevin Faulk is inactive . Ravens HC John Harbaugh was fined 15,000 for impermissible verbal and physicalcontact with an official . RT @OGOchoCinco . My show starts September 9th against Denver ,  when i handle my business on the field then i'll think about a TV show  !  An intriguing player on today's wire is former Cardinals and Eagles QB Matt Barkley ,  whom Arizona released today . Saints have ruled out QB Drew Brees from Sunday's game vs . Carolina . CB Jamar Taylor reached agreement with Dolphins on a four year deal . Friday 10 Spot Eagles ,  Lions ,  Titans trades that Should but Won't be made before Tuesday's trade deadline   . No surprise ,  but Chargers RB Melvin Gordon ruled out for Saturday vs . Cleveland . Insiders recap Sunday action ,  Earl Thomas' injury ,  Cam Newton's benching and Lions' impressive win vs . Saints.Filed to ESPN Bears will announce it when they're ready ,  but the Julius Peppers deal is agreed to . He is a Bear . First on scene ...  According to  . Former Colts' star Austin Collie ,  now playing in CFL ,  will hang up cleats and work on concussion research  . RT @Coach07840 should the 49ers get in2 trade talks about McNabb  ?   ...  Would have loved to have seen it . Doesn't seem like it's happening . Colts officially have released Peyton Manning . He will be free to sign with another team once waiver wire appears . Let the bidding begin . Titans QB Marcus Mariota has sprained MCL and is done for season ,  per @mortreport . NFL will continue its partnership with CBS to produce and televise Thursday Night Football for the 2015 season ,  league announced . In addition to Matt Leinart ,  Bills also working out former Redskins QB John Beck . Buffalo needs another arm . Badly . Clay Matthews ,  Julius Peppers and James Harrison cleared in NFL's PED investigation . Packers QB Aaron Rodgers wants fans to link arms during National Anthem ...  Former Cowboys' RB Joseph Randle went unclaimed on waivers ,  per source . Randle now a free agent . RT @mortreport  . Former Panthers and Chargers WR Legedu Naanee signed a 1 year deal to join the Miami Dolphins ,  according to his agent David Canter . Aaron Rodgers on prospect of playing again this season 'It comes down to how fast the bone heals' . speech.Dolphins downgraded RB Daniel Thomas and CB Vontae Davis to out for Sunday's game vs . Giants . Ernie Accorsi's advisory job with Lions is part time . He will remain in NY ,  help Lions over phone ,  contribute in that way however he can . Miami's former third overall pick ,  Dion Jordan ,  reached agreement with Seahawks ,  as @tompelissero reported . Here is the memo that went to all 32 NFL teams this morning  . Bad news ,  Jets fans . By advancing to the final eight ,  the Jets will not be allowed to sign any free agents unless they lose one . SF DEN have parameters of trade agreement on Colin Kaepernick ,  but still need restructured deal to complete ...  Eagles expected to request permission from Bengals on Monday to interview Cuncinnati OC Jay Gruden for their HC job ,  per league source . Look for Matt Cassel to be one of the quarterbacks on the Cardinals' radar . Cassel also will receive interest from other teams . Eagles Vikings game moved to 8 pm start on Tuesday night . Colts activated Peyton Manning from the physically unable to perform list ,  meaning he now can start practicing . Another kick has a new home . RT @espnnfl Source Kicker Shayne Graham to join Patriots  . Titans plan to interview OC Mike Heimerdinger on Tuesday and former Cowboys WR coach Ray Sherman on Thursday . Mike Munchak the favorite . Seahawks have re signed S Jordan Babineaux and released defensive tackle Craig Terrill . Falcons WR Roddy White and Saints WR Marques Colston both inactive . Browns reached agreement with former Chiefs GM John Dorsey to become Clevelands new GM ,  sources tell @mortreport and me . Denver just made a move at WR ,  just not the high profile one people are curious about . Broncos waived WR Chad Jackson . After one game ,  Michael Crabtree has one more catch than Darrius Heyward Bey does this season . DeMarco Murray is inactive . Denver just traded to Baltimore's spot #nfldraft . Paralysis scare like the one Bills safety Aaron Williams experienced shakes up family ,  others . Erin Henderson agreed in principle on a 2 year deal with Vikings . Seahawks QB Matthew Hasselbeck has a new coach   Seattle hired University of Minnesota OC Jedd Fisch as the Seahawks QB coach . Cowboys' DC Rod Marinelli has nicknamed first round pick Taco Charlton Whatever Mexican food I eat ...  Packers have been to QBs what Steelers are to HCs .  Since Brett Favres first season in 1992 ,  Packers have used a league low 6 starting QBs . RT @ArianFoster 4 those sincerely concerned ,  I'm doing ok & plan 2 B back by opening day . 4 those worried abt your fantasy team ,  u are sick . Lovie Smith heaped praise on Jameis Winston today ,  saying he would be totally comfortable with Tampa using No ...  Jeff Fisher interviewing with the Dolphins today . Arrived in a helicopter with Dolphins owner Stephen Ross . Ravens could bring back Justin Forsett ,  per league source . Sifting through roster issues now ,  but definitely ...  Cleveland now comes back around with chance to take Johnny Football ... Josh Normans deal ,  when complete ,  expected be between 14 to 15 MIL per year ,  per sources . 5 year deals being discussed with Wash and SF . Bengals DT Geno Atkins and Cincinnati agreed to a five year ,  55 million extension ,  per ESPn source . Want to know one more reason why NFL wants the draft in early May  ?  TV sweeps are in May . Bigger ratings ,  bigger dollars . Who knew that one of the single most significant off season decisions would be Frank Gore changing his mind about going to Philadelphia ... As @joebanner13 pointed out ,  on page 2 of today's ruling ,  Judge Berman renamed NFL's Deflategate Report ,  the PashWells investigation.Jaylon Smith thinks he'll be ready to play for Cowboys next year . Mort & Schefter's Week 17 notebook NFL's top assistant coach for 2017 is ... Tom Bradys appeal hearing will be held June 23 ,  and possibly continued June 25 ,  a league source told ESPN . Marvin Harrison isn't done yet . Would like to play this season ,  given choice . Tenneesee has called . Harrison waiting for right opportunity . Raiders restructed contracts of OL Cornell Green and Paul McQuistan to free up cap space for Richard Seymour   but no signs of him in Oak . Someone might want to draft this guy before today is over ...  With that Leon Washington trade ,  deal for Herm looking better all the time  !  Leon was that whole TD drive . RT @MatthewHass8 Happy 26th bday to this year's fantasy sleeper ,  TE John Carlson .  ... My sleeper last year   and my team went to sleep early . PTI on the air 10 years . Video of the 1st ever episode of @PTI Oct . 22 ,  2001 #ESPNFR  . Fact of day from @signoranfl ... At least 5 teams made playoffs after missing year before for 13 yrs in row . NFL  you never know . For every Adrian Peterson who returns better than ever from knee surgery ,  there's the story of a Steve Smith who does not . Tick ,  tick ,  tick ,  tick ,  tick ,  tick ,  tick ,  tick ,  tick ... Arizona State officially has hired Herm Edwards as its head coach . A press conference Monday to introduce him . In the scariest moment of the day ,  Dolphins QB Pat White suffered a concussion after being knocked out . He'll be evaluated further . Dolphins are promoting former Patriots' RB Jonas Gray to their 53 man roster from their practice squad ,  per @seanstellato . Aaron Rodgers' streak of 318 passes without an INT is now over . That was some stretch . Bobby Petrino being Bobby Petrino ... Colts WR Anthony Gonzalez inactive . Again . Each year before trade deadline or draft ,  a name that always popped up was Knile Davis . Felt like Chiefs trying to trade him for a while . ESPN NFL reporters doing 30 minute on line chats all day at   . Despite his shoulder injury ,  RB Ricky Williams is scheduled to start for Miami today . Not just Myron Pryor RT @MikeReiss  Pats LB Gary Guyton fined 7,500 for roughing Brett Favre last Sunday ,  league spokesman says . Honest to goodness middle seat update woman to my left snored louder than I thought any person could . Woman to the right drooled . Jacksonville reached agreement with former Giants CB Aaron Ross on a three year deal worth up to 15.3 million . Broncos signed second round pick ,  former Utah offensive lineman Zane Beadles . C Shaun O'Hara is the lone N.Y . Giant to represent his team on 2010 NFC Pro Bowl squad . Despite the doom and gloom ,  SalPal reported on ESPN that if the Giants beat the Packers on Sunday ,  they clinch a playoff spot . Adrian Peterson and his reps have been in ongoing talks to reach a plea agreement that could be done as early as Tuesday ,  per sources . Rams HC Sean McVay ,  the youngest HC hired in the Super Bowl era ,  turns 31 years old today . Now I know what Ben R feels like RT @jarrettadams I don't like making strong statements about people ,  but Adam Schefter is an idiot . Free agent tight end Kellen Winslow is visiting today with the New England Patriots . He passed his physical the last time he visited NE . RT @RGutierrez3 Who do you like next week Giants or 49ers  ?   ...  Depends on whether Leonard Marshall or Roger Craig plays . UNC QB Mitch Trubisky announces he is entering NFL Draft . RT @AlwyzStyln London Fletcher snub is nothing compared to Simon Fletcher . Top 5 in sacks when career ended . Didnt make a Pro Bowl ever . Former Oakland CB Stanford Routt reached agreement with the Kansas City Chiefs . As Broncos scatter around league ,  CJ Anderson is visiting Miami . Denver would have 5 days to match any offer sheet he signs . Wednesday's training camp update key injuries at Texans' ,  Chargers' and Giants' camp ...  One other point on Santonio Holmes that wise league minds have pointed out he is in last year of his contract . Pitt didn't want to pay him . RT @SteveCono How does Brian Schottenheimer have a job NOW let alone through 2012 ?   ...  Extension is through 2013. And he is an HC candidate . Lions are retaining HC Jim Caldwell ,  league sources told ESPN . Raiders RB Darren McFadden is on crutches with sprained foot . He plans to rest it during Oakland's bye week ,  then re evuate it next Monday . Special guest on today's Sunday NFL Countdown Mike Shanahan ,  talking RGIII and Jay Cutler . Mort & Schefter's notebook Could Chip Kelly end up in New England  ?  ...  Ezekiel Elliott's appeal might just be first step in an ongoing ordeal   remember those  ?  As one source texted ,  ready for a long battle.Denver DC Jack Del Rio is traveling to Oakland tonight for his second HC interview with Raiders . Hard to imagine ,  but this is the first time that Tom Brady will get to play in San Francisco against the 49ers team he rooted for as a kid . Former Bills interim head coach Perry Fewell is likely to become Bears new defensive coordinator this week . He'll be in Chicago Monday . Final Four teams   Saints ,  Colts ,  Vikings ,  Jets   can sign free agents tomorrow . Look for Mark Brunell in NY ,  Patrick Ramsey in NO . Marshawn Lynch and Raiders have agreement in place ,  as NFL Network reported . Its getting done ,  said source with knowledge of situation . First time I've dug in and tweeted while watching a game and here's my conclusion this will alter the way we watch and analyze football . From Lebron to Favre   one more who expects him to return . RT @BCBenGrossman Tony Dungy just told @marisaguthrie that Favre will be back . Free agent TE Scott Chandler is re signing a two year deal with the Buffalo Bills . Cushing appealed the suspension in February and discovered today he had lost his appeal . First game he will miss is against the Colts . Colts have 10 three and outs in first six games   and have three today versus Niners in a game SF winning 7 6.RT @Marotti  is insurance policy the new term for locker room cancer  ?  &lt  No ,  insurance policy means it can be terminated at any time . Hines Ward's 922 career receptions are 49 more than Steelers Hall of Fame wide receivers Lynn Swann and John Stallworth combined . Cleveland's HC search down to two finalists who will meet with Browns' brass Thursday ,  per league sources . Bills DC Mike Pettine a favorite . Veteran NFL OT Adam Terry ,  most recently of the Chargers ,  plans to sign with Jacksonville today . One reason Eagles traded up for USc QB Matt Barkley There was mounting speculation Oakland intended to take Barkley only two spots later . A postcard from the road Pete Dougherty of the Albany Times Union put these bus trips into our own words  . Roethlisberger's foot broken ,  said he 'fully expects' to play ,  according to Pittsburgh Post Gazette  . Raiders still expected to make what one source described as a concerted effort to see if they can land Jim Harbaugh . Mich the favorite . Cowboys QB Tony Romo ends contract extension negotiations until after season . Joe Flaccos Total QBR ,  a metric that accounts for everything a QB does ,  was 0.3 on the 0 100 scale ,  the lowest rating for any QB since 2008 . Source tells ESPNs @darrenrovell that difference between refs ,  NFL is 45 million over next seven years . Last minute signings still coming in Miami re signed guard Richie Incognito to a 3 year deal today . Sportscentet time . Dah nuh nuh . Gregg Williams' son has company at Va . Tech RT @ericwinston Russ grimms son plays DB there as well . They are rounding up NFL coache's kids . Cards GM Steve Keim continues small school theme with two 5th round picks S Marqui Christian  Midwestern State U  ,  OT Cole Toner  Harvard .Cards Vikings flexed into Sunday night NBC slot on Dec . 6.The Browns officially fired their former defensive coordinator Dick Jauron today . Cleveland hired Ray Horton to take his place . tweets . True sudden death Loser in Chiefs Raiders overtime game will be eliminated from playoffs . Steelers name rookie T.J . Watt starting LB over James Harrison ...  Congratulations to my son's middle school team ,  the Vikings ,  for finishing season 6 0 with great coaching from Keith Fruend and Jeff Butt . Ronnie Hillman's preseason emergence has dropped Anderson's value a bit . But Anderson is very good ,  in great system . DeSean Jackson's 65 yard ,  game winning ,  punt return is the only game winning punt return touchdown as time expired in NFL history . Colts RB Joseph Addai is active . People love them some Gronk ...  Bears signed 3rd rd pick Major Wright . Bears are first NFL team to have all draft picks signed for the fifth consecutive year  2006 2010 .PART II Flacco had to stand up on the whole flight from Oakland to Baltimore and was in too much pain to sit down . #walkthewire ,  now on ABC ,  is some captivating TV . Browns WR Brian Robiskie and QB Jake Delhomme also inactive . So it's also Demi Moore's birthday . She's 47   more than twice the age of today's 23 year old birthday boy Mark Sanchez . Cowboys' TE James Hanna to undergo knee surgery ,  sources say.Percy Harvin not playing today vs . Atlanta but it would be an upset if he did not make season debut next Sunday vs . his former Vikings team . Now the Gay and Lesiban Alliance Against Defamation asking the NFL to punish Chiefs RB Larry Johnson . Story gets messier . Texans WR DeAndre Hopkins absence from practice today was related to Bob McNairs comments ,  per source . Browns HC Pat Shurmur rookie RB Trent Richardson underwent arthroscopic surgery today on his left knee and team belie  . What a way to start your day . RT @JonesDrew32 Wake up at 6 this morning for a drug test ...  And we don't have meetings until 830 ... #smh . Jet trouble RT @RichCimini Santonio Holmes escorted off plane in Pitt for being a disruptive passenger ,  according to Pitt's WXPI . Saints WR Marques Colston is active . PROJECTED DRAFT ORDER1. Browns       0 142. Giants         2 123. Colts           3 114. 49ers          4 105. Ravens CB Jimmy Smith carried off field with Achilles injury . Stick to hosting  !   But nice work and welcome anytime . Luke Del Rio ,  son of Raiders HC Jack Del Rio ,  has been named Floridas starting QB for season opener . Proceeds for this should help pay Ocho's 25k fine . RT @maualuga58 @OGOchoCinco @terrellowens   . An actual LEGO mural at ESPN ,  with 207,360 Lego blocks that took 240 hours to build  need one from NFL Draft . Rams HC Steve Spagnuolo signed his former safety from Philly ,  the 49ers castoff Michael Lewis . What you need to know about the NFL's Ezekiel Elliott situation ,  via @SeifertESPN . Giants signed kicker Shayne Graham in case Lawrence Tynes can't kick Sunday due to his sprained ankle . WR Victor Cruz went on IR . Asked if Colin Kaepernick would start at QB next week ,  49ers HC Chip Kelly says ,  We'll see. Kind of you ,  too @connorwilliams1 @mclynd @vote4parag @FalconsJMoore . Wonder what Chargers WR Vincent Jackson thinks of Miles Austin's new six year ,  57 million deal . Former Jaguars WR Mike Sims Walker is scheduled to work out Wednesday for the receiver needy Houston Texans . Over 24 hours ,  Titans will have interviewed Teryl Austin and Ray Horton . Titans one of 18 NFL franchises not to have full season minority HC . Laron Landry absolutely determined to make people forget the fact that Brandon Jacobs ran him over . It's his mission . Add the Arizona Cardinals to mix of teams that includes Dolphins ,  Jets and Redskins expected to be interested in Colts QB Peyton Manning . Eagles announced that they and two time Pro Bowl punter Mat McBriar agree to terms on a one year deal . With under 500 minutes to go ,  and while they're deep in Indy territory ,  Jaguars lead Colts 21 14. Good for Jack Del Rio . What's a bigger honor than this  ?  Being Ray Lewis' first C'mon man . UNOFFICIAL 40 timesJohnny Manziel 4.56Derek Carr 4.65Jordan Lynch 4.72Tajh Boyd 4.75Blake Bortles 4.81AJ McCarron 4.91Part of the Childress fine also was for the disclosure of confidential conversations with the head of the NFL officiating department . Eagles DE Vinny Curry named Week 11 NFLPA Community MVP following his second annual Thanksgiving Rush program that  . RT @schadjoe Ryan Mallett broke left foot today . Out for spring 3 4 months recovery . Bears calling around the league ,  seeing if they can find a trade partner for DE Julius Peppers ,  per sources . Trade unlikely ... Cardinals CB Antonio Cromartie has what is said to be just a bone bruise in knee.What to you is the best rivalry in sports  ?  Letter Alabama LB Reuben Foster sent to NFL teams ,  offering up another meeting with him  . ESPN's Ron Jaworski said that ,  based on his studies ,  he wouldn't pick Johnny Manziel in any of the first three rounds of the NFL Draft . RT @JWhodey Burfict signing . How bengals do this year  ?   ...  One has nothing to do with the other . Cincy positioned itself well with draft . NFLPA president Eric Winston signed a one year deal with Seattle Seahawks ,  as @ProFootballTalk reported . RT @MarkMaske Cardinals say they'll consider all options when it comes to the possibility of trading WR Anquan Boldin . As a reminder ,  Ronald Darby also was in Jameis Winston's apartment the night Winston was accused of sexually assaul  . Dolphins released QB Sage Rosenfels off NFI . He's healthy   had mono   and ready to go . He will be on waivers with Donovan McNabb . Trent Edwards now will go on waivers ,  where he'll remain till 4 p.m . ET Tuesday . Any team can claim him or he'll be a free agent . Boomer was on to something Chargers RB Ryan Mathews is not expected to play today vs . Green Bay . More losses Bears placed LB Hunter Hillenmeyer on injured reserve today as a result of a concussion suffered during the preseason . Texans cuts today included FS Eugene Wilson and WR Andr Davis . Cowboys are on brink of new 5 year contract agreement with Jason Garrett to remain as Dallas head coach ,  per @mortreport . As Atlanta is discussing a deal for Eagles CB Asante Samuel ,  Falcons CB Brett Grimes signed his franchise tender . The new Windy City It's so windy in Bristol ,  Ct ,  that the stoplights actually are blowing sideways . Rick Reilly on Tiger Woods .  At No . 124 ,  Panthers grab South Carolina LB Eric Norwood . #nfldraft . For what it's worth ,  Joe Montana believes that Brett Favre is coming back . Truly . Eagles claim DE Pannel Egboh off waiver from the Houston Texans and place DE Ricky Sapp on Injured Reserve  knee .ESPN analyst Trent Dilfer on Jay Cutler in today's NY Times He was never as good as everybody said he was ... He's a very average player.One day after signing Trent Richardson ,  the Browns are on the verge of a deal with QB Brandon Weeden that they're trying to wrap up today . Just was outside and I don't see how they're going to play Game 1 of the World Series in this rain . Cardinals first round pick Patrick Peterson signed a four year contract . Saturday is the J School Bowl ,  Northwestern vs . Syracuse  . In the process of planning my own training camp tour . This off season has gone on just a little too long for my tastes . Titans have signed QB John Skelton ,  per @mortreport . Big thanks for shout out to@Sportsguy1 @mandyrenee @LennyDeLeon @OrangeChuck @benjnye @daniellef289 @53LEGENDS @yankeesgod2622 @sleepyhound . MRI on Matt Ryan's left shoulder confirmed a grade 2 AC joint sprain . Should be in the sling for about 10 days . 4 week total recovery . Cleveland finally goes QB in round 3 ,  93rd overall pick USC's Cody Kessler . Oakland's 5 day letter to Seymour also essentiall is an acknowledgement that the trade is official and he now is Raiders property . No suspensions for Kiko Alonso nor Fletcher Cox . RT @McClainonNFL Texans are checking out Alan Faneca ,  who was dumped by the Jets . Now that Texas A & M LB Von Miller has agreed to go to the NFL draft ,  there's no reason for any invited player not to attend . Filed to ESPN Big new contract extension for ESPN's @FrankCaliendo ,  a source tells ESPN.Dan Le Batard can write ...  With free agent TE Brandon Manumaleuna agreeing to a five year deal in Chicago ,  it frees the Bears to trade TE Greg Olsen . Packers LB Clay Matthews still is undergoing more testing ,  but he is expected to miss one month with a broken thumb . RB Jamaal Charles will miss his third straight game of season today  knee  ,  per source . Chiefs being extra ...  For the cost of a single additional soldier in Afghanistan for one year ,  we could build roughly 20 schools there. Colts cuts included WRs Vincent Brown and Duron Carter ,  NT Josh Chapman ,  TE Sean McGrath ,  and RB Zurlon Tipton . asking . Talk about squandering talent ...  RT @wingoz Meanwhile ... at least Titus Young is consistent  . We think alike RT @McClainonNFL I think Kubiak and GM Rick Smith will return . I think DC Frank Bush ,  DB coach David Gibbs will be fired . RT @BenCarroll15 @AdamSchefter 1,000 ?  I'll go 500 I'm not sure where the bidding was  ?   ...  We'll make this quick . 700 anyone  ?  Going once . Filed to ESPN Jason Taylor has agreed to become a New York Jet . Colts gave former Jets S LaRon Landry four years ,  24 million ,  including 14 million guaranteed ,  as CBS reported . As much as Chip Kelly and Eagles have struggled so far ,  their next 4 games are against teams that are a combined 2 14. Chance for run here . DE Julius Peppers and LB Aaron Kampman are tied together in one way Team that loses out on one is likely to sign the other . Rex Ryan New England is moving it up and down the field against everybody ... I have confidence that that won't be the case this week.Game of the summer RT @sidelinescouts Don't forget to circle calender for the week 3 match up between INDWAS . LuckGriffin part I . Anyone else want to try and help out the Green Bay Packers  ?  This will make a great holiday even better The NFL's last two unbeaten teams ,  Green Bay and Detroit ,  play on Thanksgiving Day . Packers RB Aaron Jones faces marijuana related charge ...  Getting close ...  RT @SoftliSTL NFL TRAINING CAMP REPORTING DATES & LOCATIONS  . Michael Vick's going away gift to the Falcons 3 million in salary cap credits this off season . Louisville NC State broadcast booth also loaded with talent as well . Good luck to brothers @Hasselbeck ,  @tthasselbeck and  @FlemmingDave . RT @Earing53 Fair ,  no  ?   ...  All depends on who you ask . NFL says fair . Players say unfair . Truth is probably somewhere right in the middle . RushRams was lot of hot air with little substance . Amount of press story got was unwarranted . But that's the politicized world we live in . Official San Diego will not tender RB Darren Sproles and will allow him to test free agent market . No LT ,  probably no Sproles . Changes . Chuck Pagano's brother ,  John   the Chargers DC   was an asst . coach for Jim Irsay for four seasons . Pagano family left its mark on Irsay . Steelers still have not named starting QB ,  but Ben Roethlisberger now on field ,  warming up ,  a good sign for Pittsburgh . Chargers WR Keenan Allen broke his collarbone ,  per  . So Buffalo is planning to go with Matt Cassel at QB and LeSean McCoy at RB ,  and play lights out D . Denver seems to have escaped without any signifcant injuries ...  RT @JeffLegwold Broncos injury updates  . Cordy Glenn's deal 5 years ,  65M with 36M guaranteed . 19M in 2016 and 30M in first 2 years . Per source . Jaguars hired former Toronto Argonauts HC Scott Milanovich as their QB coach . Giants OL David Diehl announced his retirement today . Some kind of 11 year run . Stop us when you've heard this one before . But the plan is for Redskins DT Albert Haynesworth to take the conditioning test Saturday . Former Redskins' S Sean Taylor remembered on what would have been his 31st birthday today ...  Cowboys WR Dez Bryant officially inactive . Three hour action packed Sunday NFL Countdown on ESPN from 12 3 ET ,  with some powerful words from former Ravens WR Lee Evans . Raiders ,  Bills ,  Bengals   all had hearts stomped on last week . And all bounced back this week ,  impressively . Kudos to those organizations . Colts released QB Jim Sorgi . As it turns out ,  49ers OC Greg Roman interviewed Monday in Chicago for the Penn State head coaching job ,  per sources . Vikings' WR Stefon Diggs is officially inactive.Vikings' LB Chad Greenway ,  awaiting birth of his fourth child any time now ,  is active . Vikings released CB Cedric Griffin ,  and guards Steve Hutchinson and Anthony Herrera . Just what the league loves this was the first time in NFL history that 4 games in Week 1 were decided by exactly 1 point ,  per Elias . Former Rams OT Rodger Saffold reached agreement on a 5 yr ,  42.5M deal that includes 21M gtd with Raiders . Redskins and QB Kirk Cousins have broken off contract talks ,  per team source . No further talks scheduled . So in one day ,  Texans gave 108.25 million of contracts ,  including 61.7M gtd ,  to WR DeAndre Hopkins ,  TE C.J . Fiedorowicz and FB Jay Prosch . More thanks fot more followers @EricStangel @FDCMikeClay @JeffHaseley @girliesportsfan @bluesdiver @closedmic @CLanceAnderson @Jstein2469 . Happy Cinco de Mayo . The groundhog is out again RT @JuddZulgad Brett Favre again throwing to wide receivers at Oak Grove High school . RT @Platnumtrezure Please enlighten me..what is goin on  ...  Frankly ,  everyone is figuring out on the fly . Could know by end of today . The Lions would not have been happy with this deal . RT @JayTomio I would have rather traded Sims for @adamschefter than Tony Scheffler . RT @algiddy Me and @Revis24 wants to know if Reggie Wayne was inactive tonight .  ...  No . Believe I saw him catch one pass for one yard . Another blow for the Giants   New York placed LB Antonio Pierce on injured reserve . Interesting readbattle RT @MarkMaske The NFL favors blood testing players for HGH . The union opposes the measure ...  Colts free agent DE Dwight Freeney scheduled to visit Denver tonight ,  per @Edwerderespn . Broncos also plan to host visit with John Abraham . Taught him everything he knows   RT @LAPatriot @AdamSchefter hey adam tom brady went to Michigan too so you'll always be okay in my book . Seahawks WR Tyler Lockett is out for season and will require surgery on broken leg . Texans LB Brian Cushing was fined 5,000 for roughing the passer against the Oakland Raiders in Week 4.Members of winning Pro Bowl team each will receive 61,000 while members of losing Pro Bowl team each take home 30,000.RT @AustinFlag Promises are how @SIPeterKing ended up running half marathon  ...  If there's a new CBA by SB ,  I'll do half marathon w Peter . Washington QB Kirk Cousins signed his franchise tender this morning . He is now tradeable . After this season ,  the hottest free agent in Cincinnati will be defensive coordinator Mike Zimmer . His contract is up . Clearly ,  only question with Favre is shoulder . But this is from a man who has played in how many straight NFL games  ?  Guy's Wrangler tough . Broncos LB Von Miller's appeal of 4 game suspension scheduled to be heard Aug . 15 ,  sources tell @JeffLegwold and me . Raiders announced they have signed kicker Sebastian Janikowski to a four year contract extension . Another no no Eagles CB Sheldon Brown was fined 10,000 for wearing an unauthorized facemask during pregame introductions . Dallas rookie RB Ezekiel Elliott went through practice today and appears set to make his preseason debut Thursday vs . Seattle . Patriots been waiting to take a QB ... Texans RB Arian Foster is unlikely to play today versus Colts due to his hamstring injury . Denver clinched playoff spot ,  now well positioned for first round bye . Now No . 2 seed ,  Bengals No . 3 seed . The Walter Cronkie special that was the best TV I've seen this year  . Le'Veon Bell suspension reduced from three to two games ,  per @JarrettBell . From @mortreport and me Andy Reid has reached agreement to become next HC of Chiefs ,  pending review of contract by each side's attorneys . Sounds like the 49ers will tie up some loose ends bright and early and get some draft picks signed . Thoughts and prayers for the victims and their families at the Sikh temple in Wisconsin . RT @gchernandez3 Raiders vs Bucs  ?   ...  Was No . 1 in yards gained and yds allowed . 1st since 1990 note is No . 1 scoring D vs No . 1 scoring O . Today's Podcast with @RossTuckerNFL   tackling Dolphins decision on HennePennington ,  as well as a special N.O . guest . Chiefs linebacker Justin Houston ,  listed as questionable with a knee injury ,  will make his 2016 NFL debut Sunday vs Bucs ,  per source . Cris Carter's son ,  Duron 122 yard return . Wow . Jets got in their shots ,  Peyton Manning got in last one . Notice how Manning said he was proud of his team for keeping their mouths shut ?  . Who do you think will win the #Superbowl  ?   Where will you be watching @SHAQ  ?   Reply here  . Pitt QB Tom Savage has all the intangibles of a Bill O'Brien QB . Raiders have signed former Steelers and Broncos OT Tony Hills ,  General Manager Reggie McKenzie announced Tuesday . In other news ,  NFL suspending Arizona OT Bobby Massie 3 games for violating Substance Abuse Policy ,  NFL source told ESPN . Massie appealing . Lee Evans has three touchdowns ,  David Gettis has two touchdowns and Cleveland's David Bowens has two touchdowns . Jets are NOT one of the nine teams that now have inquired on free agent WR DeSean Jackson . If that rule stands ,  teams should rough kickers before the end of each half or game winning FG ... Ben Roethlisberger calls out Steelers on discipline ,  accountability  . Chargers S Eric Weddle was fined 7,500 for unnecessary roughness . He made helmet to helmet contact with a defenseless Giants WR .  Bills DE Mario Williams suffered an ankle sprain Sunday . He plans on playing Sunday unless his ankle doesn't get better later this week . Raiders WR Denarius Moore is active ,  as expected . Filed to ESPN Former Bucs S Will Allen will sign a three year contract today with the Steelers   all while S Ryan Clark is in Miami . New England not only team to take hit @mortreport and I reporting Broncos RB Willis McGahee has a torn MCL ,  will miss six to eight weeks . Now I know what Ahmad Bradshaw feels like . @tunasweasel benched me and Mort from our weekly MNF halftime segment for a @Revis24 interview . A growing belief that a new deal for NFLPA and NFL will be ratified July 21 ,  plus the latest details . What many expected has unfolded . RT @MaryKayCabot Josh Cribbs to Arizona ,  source told Pd . With former NY K Jay Feeley now with Arizona ,  Jets have arranged for Cardinals free agent K Neil Rackers to visit New York on Tuesday . After Vikings hired former Steelers RB coach Kirby Wilson ,  Steelers now have hired former Vikings RB coach James Saxon . RB coach swap . Former Steelers LB Levon Kirkland is working for Bengals as a coaching intern in 2017 Bill Walsh NFL Minority Coaching fellowship program . Text from plugged in NFL person This CBA has no chance . The owners don't a deal . Take a break   a month off . You won't miss anything.Patriots are giving former Bills CB Stephon Gilmore a five year ,  65 million deal that includes 40 million guaranteed ,  per source . Brandon Weeden ,  Andrew Luck ,  RGIII ... For first time since NFLAFL merger ,  at least three rookie QBs will start on opening weekend . After carrying @mortreport 's notebooks and pens all last season ,  hoping he is finished hazing me for this season . Some more probable than not ,  opening night starters in FoxboroNE QB Jimmy GaroppoloNE RB Jonas GrayPITT RB DeAngelo Williams . As @espnnfcwest reports ,  Mario Manningham is out . Joe Staley and Brandon Jacobs are in . Giants requested permission for defensive coordinator interview with Washington DB coach Raheem Morris ,  per source . Bengals CB Adam Jones arrested in what his agent Peter Schaffer calls a travesty of justice. Schaffer said police haven't spoken to Jones . RT @AtlantaSports Do you think that Ray Edwards goes to Atlanta  ?   ...  Depends on money . Atlanta has to address its offensive line . RT @DDayGA I heard a resounding DEFINITELY when asking a pro player this past weekend .  ...  There's a lot of that going around . Will OBJ play today  ?  Someone with some strong insight on those chances coming up on Sunday NFL Countdown on ESPN ... Question and answer of day comes from this exchange between reporter and Hue Jackson on RGIII being elected captain  . Important work from @JeremySchaap ,  trying to get as many states as possible to help injured HS athletes . Actually thought this exact same thing as I tweeted on Javon Ringer . RT @Mizzo89 @AdamSchefter  ... now he will get injured . RT @JasonRomano Happy 42nd birthday to the NFL's all time leading rusher ,  @EmmittSmith22  ...  And the man who taught me how to knot a tie . The power of pictures at work RT @SPORTSbyBROOKS Student shoots epic photo of Denard Robinson in Heisman pose  . Steelers announced a two year deal with former Saints WR Lance Moore . Former Dallas Cowboys offensive lineman Cory Procter ,  whom Dallas released today ,  already is visiting the Denver Broncos . This is compelling TV ,  the Jimmy the Greek special now on ESPN . The new and unfortunate meaning of Lights Out Bills placed LB Shawne Merriman on injured reserve . Colts said their starting ILB Pat Angerer ,  last year's leading tackler ,  could miss at least six weeks because of a broken foot . Important show tonight . Debut of E60 Reports With Jeremy Schaap .  Deep dive on the most powerful man in sports ,  Sepp Blatter . 7 et on ESPN . Tennessee traded DT Kevin Vickerson ,  RB Lendale White ,  picks No . 111 and No . 185 to Seattle for picks No . 104 and No . 176 #nfldraft . For what it's worth ,  we do have one minor trade   DT Tank Tyler traded from Kansas City to Carolina for a fifth round pick . RT @Artinhouston Why move the ump to the offensive backfield  ?   ...  He was in harm's way before and there were way too many collisions . Spent much of Sunday trying to get one last confirmation that Pope Benedict XVI will resign . Knew it and never could nail it down ... Giants exercised 5th year option for 2015 on CB Prince Amukamara . Good and telling piece on Clemson RB C.J . Spiller ,  who will go in the top 15 picks . Seattle gets its man . RT @ProFootballTalk Seahawks hire Darrell Bevell as offensive coordinator  . Bills signed TE David Martin and claimed G Kraig Urbik off waivers from the Pittsburgh Steelers . Dr . James Andrews performed surgery on Sam Bradford . Andrews is Redskins team doctor . Bradford might slip in draft   but not past Redskins . The Voice of God has been silenced . RT @tunasweasel Nothing like going to Stadium as a kid and hearing The Voice of God. RIP Bob Sheppard . Minnesotas Everson Griffen and Mike Remmers inactive . Clock ready to start DL Richard Seymour scheduled to make 216,764.71 each week this season ,  which he doesn't collect if he doesn't play . DL Richard Seymour not in Oakland this morning ,  this afternoon or tonight   and doesn't sound like he will be there anytime soon . Per @Edwerderespn ,  Patriots are signing former Broncos and Jets QB Tim Tebow . One more time for those that missed it . Brandon Marshall practicing   or not . NFL leaders already meeting face to face with teams to debrief them about the rules of an uncapped year . CBA talk about to go into overdrive . Brandon Graham to Philly  !  OBJ on field meeting with HC Ben McAdoo and GM Jerry Reese . Clearly discussing his injury and how effective he can   or can't   be . Good work if you can get it Members of winning Pro Bowl team receive 55,000 while members of losing Pro Bowl team take home 28,000.In week in which Bucs cut Revis ,  Bears cut Peppers and Cowboys cut Ware ,  Titans clinging to hope they can trade CJ . An outside chance still . RT @ProFootballHOF Presenters for the Class of 2010 are official . As @MikeReiss reports ,  Patriots are hosting free agent TE Michael Hoomanawanui  Rams . Expectation is ,  if he passes physical ,  he will sign . Before kickoff vs . Browns ,  Dolphins will hold moment of silence for Marlins P Jose Fernandez ,  per team official . NFL Vice President of Football Operations Jon Runyon issued the two game suspensions for Aqib Talib and Michael ...  With two kickers on 53 man roster ,  Saints are planning for 46 year old John Carney to kick Sunday vs . Carolina . It's the first time ever that the NFL draft will take place over the course of three days . First round starts 730 that Thursday night . Tebowtime meets overtime . Scenes from today's courtroom ,  with Tom Brady front and center ...  Bengals DC Mike Zimmer is scheduled to interview for the Vikings HC today ,  and then the Titans HC on Thursday . RT @MrMichaelSmith Browns DC Rob Ryan interviewed for the Panthers HC job on Wednesday . Patriots re signed veteran wide receiver Jabar Gaffney today . TE Gary Barnidge is sticking around in Cleveland . Steelers OT Marcus Gilbert suspended four games for violating performance enhancing substance policy . Falcons have signed veteran G Vince Manuwai . Jets have re signed DT Howard Green and placed DT Kris Jenkins on injured reserve . Packers' WR Jordy Nelson still a longshot to play in NFC title game . Disappointing Vince Young's belongings to be auctioned by court order to pay debts ...  RT @wanderlustx2 Not a Saints fan but think its great they re signed Deuce with the time he has with NO and the post season here .  ...  Agreed . Larry Johnson's agent Peter Schaffer said he's talking with many teams and two you would never guess. I tried to guess ,  he wouldn't bite . Seattle Seahawks have placed CB Walter Thurmond on IR while CB Brandon Browner's suspension has expired and he Is eligible to play Sunday . Bills announced Ed Reed has agreed in principle to join Bills coaching staff as teams assistant defensive backs coach . Role reversal Raiders typically most penalized team in the NFL   now top 5 in fewest penalties . Chiefs   NFLs 2nd most penalized team . RT @chrisdhslsu  . RT @YeahimG Any teams going to try and pick up Fitzpatrick  ?   ...  He will find work in fairly short order . If you were going to pick the person to present you for the Hall of Fame ,  who would it be and why  ?  With Sebastian Janikowski off the market ,  the top free agent kickers will include Jeff Reed ,  Neil Rackers ,  Jay Feeley and Shayne Graham . Moments ago ,  @mortreport filed to ESPN that Bill O'Brien has agreed to become the head coach at Penn State . Bengals LB Vontaze Burfict is signing a 3 yr 38.68m extension ,  per source . Jim Caldwells multi year deal was signed months ago ,  just not disclosed ,  per source . Deal silences speculation he was in last year of deal . Friday injury report 49ers WR Jeremy Kerley  ankle  removed from injury report and will play Bengals TE Tyler ...  RT @Sportenkortdk Who do you see as the most sought after NFL UFA  ?   ...  Nicks ,  Colston ,  Mathis good guesses . All changes if 18 is free . Jack Tatum dies at 61 today ,  Darryl Stingley died at 55 in 2007. The two men will always be linked and remembered . RIP . Looks as if Vince Young has won Packers backup QB job . Packers are releasing QB Graham Harrell . A battle of unbeatens in Tampa on Sunday   and Bucs Steelers didn't sell out and now will be blacked out . No TV in Tampa . Even with MRI on Andrew Luck's shoulder revealing a bruise ,  one source said about QB's status for today ,  it is trending the right way.Every year there's a free agent deal or two that surprise . This year's will be free agent TE Brandon Manumaleuna's . He's visiting Chicago . Bears traded S Kevin Payne to the St . Louis Rams for an undisclosed 2011 draft pick.Seau's the Restaurant in Mission Valley shut down Wednesday ,  announced trustees for Junior Seau's estate . Who needs practice on a Friday  ?  Former Lions WR Bryant Johnson signed a 1 year contract with the Texans . The first players to report to training camp will be the Cleveland Browns rookies ,  July 24 ,  exactly two weeks from today . I smell two a days . As our fantasy football slumber party continues ,  @MatthewBerryTMR is on Red Bull No . 4.East . Highest scoring posteason game in NFL history ,  and one for the ages . ESPN's starting lineupFirst NFL Insiders Sunday edition at 10 am.New Sunday Countdown debut at 11.A powerful feature just after noon . Sean Payton says Drew Brees will throw at every practice this week . Texans announced contract extensions for HC Gary Kubiak and GM Rick Smith . Thank you to..@kingofsmoke69 @mikepeterson53 @FF101 @NFLFanHouse @gerbyman @GridironFans @rjdecker1 @pxplayer1 @KelliZink @JeffTefertiller . Patriots' TE Rob Gronkowski did not make the trip to Arizona for Sunday night's game vs . Cardinals ,  as @MarkDanielsPJ reported . He's expected to play . RT @Ticall @AdamSchefter any word on ngata for bmore on playing this week vs colts . In our version of two a days ,  our second postcard of the day ,  this one from Ashburn ,  Va. ,  and Redskins camp . Check that  !  Dwayne Bowe fumble that Travis Kelce recovers . No Chiefs WR has scored a TD this season . Still ... Giants' good luck pizzas from Umbertos on Long Island are on a plane to Indianapolis right now to feed the players after practice . RT @giantspathanlon NYG Inactives Barden ,  Ware ,  Ross ,  Boley ,  Koets ,  Whimper ,  Sintim and Canty . Manti Teo Pro Day today . That's all . Patriots free agent WR Wes Welker has no plans to re sign with New England before first testing the free agent market next week . NFL source told me the Redskins already complied with Rooney Rule before hiring Bruce Allen . Interviewed at least two minority GMs . Jaguars offered Broncos a 4th rd pick and were willing to pay Denver most ,  if not all of ,  5 million in question on Tim Tebow's contract . Thoughts with Bengals DT Devon Still ,  whose daughter is battling cancer . Here is his Instagram post I debated ...  Their second last year for Panthers first this year . RT @angelrbd0uc @AdamSchefter How did Niners get two # 1 picks .. Vincent Jackson will be eligible to next play against the Colts in Indianapolis on Sunday night ,  Nov . 28.HCs to be fired today include Andy Reid ,  Pat Shurmur ,  Norv Turner ,  Romeo Crennel . Marshawn Lynch complied w obligations to attend media sessions at Super Bowl and will not be fined ,  per NFL spokesman Michael Signora . Browns trading former first round CB Justin Gilbert to the Pittsburgh Steelers ,  per league source . Rare in division trade . RT @espn Source Buffalo Bills ,  C.J . Spiller agree to 5 year ,  25 million deal    . Packers placed T Bryan Bulaga on injured reserve ,  activated T Jason Spriggs from reserveinjured and signed FB Joe Kerridge to roster . Though KC ruled out Alex Smith for today ,  he is expected to be back behind center and starting next Sunday at Carolina ,  per team official . Nelson Mandela Born July 18 ,  1918 in South Africa ,  died Dec . 5 ,  2013 at age 95. RIP to a man who changed history and our world . Saints are trading WRreturn specialist Jalen Saunders to the New England Patriots for a conditional draft pick ,  per league source . Biggest breakthrough for every NFL team through Week 4 . Aaron Hernandez hanged himself utilizing a bedsheet that he attached to his cell window  . Patriots are releasing OL Josh Kline ,  who initially was included in trade to Philly before his rights reverted back to NE ,  per source . Any men that wear ties to work and love their football teams should check out the NFL ties at vineyardvines.com . First quality NFL ties ever . @ehasselbeck . Vikings QB Sam Bradford undergoes arthroscopic knee surgery ...  Cardinals coach Ken Whisenhunt said he believes RB Ryan Williams ,  Arizona's second round pick ,  ruptured his patella tendon . Redskins QB Donovan McNabb   and how weird is it to write that   and Jason Campbell spoke on telephone Sunday night about their employer . Bill Belichick says Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski has been cleared by doctors   Gronk good to go . Happy Birthday to this great nation of ours . Buccaneers traded S Dashon Goldson and 2016 7th round pick to Redskins for 2016 6th round pick ,  as @AlbertBreer and @NFLSTROUD reported . Per NFL policy ,  Sundays Chargers Titans game will be blacked out in San Diego.Hard not to pull for Harvard LB Zach Hodges at this week's draft   and going forward ...  Jahvid Best and Ryan Swope are part of an evolving NFL culture that rightfully takes brain injuries more seriously . Even after Monday nights ending ,  the competition committee has no plans to review any changes to whether penalties can be reviewed . Flew back from last season's Super Bowl sitting next to @AlecBaldwin . For what it's worth ,  he was an ideal in flight neighbor . A rib cartilage injury will prevent Eagles QB Michael Vick from playing Sunday at SF ,  according to source familiar with situation . Bears used their franchise designation on DT Henry Melton . Lions announced they have released RB Jahvid Best . No surprise considering Michael Vick's condition but Eagles plan to start Nick Foles vs . Washington on Sunday . One day after former Dallas TE Martellus Bennett signed with New York ,  Cowboys WR Kevin Ogleetree is visiting the Giants today . Vikings QB Christian Ponder ,  who fractured his rib ,  has been cleared to play ,  but Matt Cassel is Minnesotas likely starter vs . Carolina . A go . RT @NadroJSlliH @AdamSchefter Is frank gore going to be a go or no go this weekend  ?  A good year for Cam Newton gets even better he and his longtime girlfriend welcomed a baby boy last week . Saints activated S Darren Sharper off the Physically Unable to Perform list . One NFL exec texted now Romo is now every teams emergency backup qb in case your starter gets hurt ,  pay him to come out of retirement.' Panthers announced they signed former Falcons S Thomas DeCoud to a two year deal . New Hall of Famer @TerrellDavis discusses his memorable career moments and the RBs that stand out in today's NFL. Congratulations to the Class of 2013 ,  especially @criscarter80 ,  @WarrenSapp and Bill Parcells . All all timers . RT @MarkMaske NFL to fine DeAngelo Hall 30,000 for last month's incident with official in Pittsburgh ... By signing WRs Mike Wallace and Brandon Gibson ,  Dolphins stockpiling new toys for Ryan Tannehill and @PhilMcGeoghan . One of the more surpising and impressive stats of the season Who swept the AFC North this season  ?  Who Dey did . Great to see old friend Shannon Sharpe in the house in support of his former Ravens teammate . Rod Woodson . Next year should be Sharpe's turn . RT @Fritzy13 Dude . You are single handedly blowing up my #Twitter feed .  ...  Apologies . Will stop now . Like Favre ,  I'm done . Panthers WR Devin Funchess ,  questionable with shoulder injury ,  is expected to play Sunday vs . Packers ,  per source . Bills reach agreement with former Jets WR Brad Smith on a 4 yr ,  15 million deal . CBS has protected Broncos Chiefs matchups in weeks 11 and 13 ,  meaning NBC will not be permitted to flex those games into Sunday night . Redskins RB Matt Jones is not expected to play today ,  per @BrittMcHenry . This is called getting what you pay for ...  Good and bad news for Baltimore Ravens S Ed Reed is inactive and Terrell Suggs is active . Who would you like to see the New York Giants face in the Wednesday night NFL season opener  ?   Dallas ,  Pittsburgh ,  Green Bay ,  or New Orleans  ?  This just in Tom Brady's knee is absolutely fine . And so is his arm . Titans LB Stephen Tulloch was fined 7,500 for unnecessary roughness   a horse collar tackle . Peyton Manning has informed the other teams of his decision . A team tweeting on its own ...  RT @DetroitLionsNFL Aaron Berry arrested for a second time on assult charges  . RT @mortreport ... Sean Payton delivers for PK in MMQB  . Former Jets safety Jim Leonhard is visiting the Buffalo Bills  . NFL already has talked to Buccaneers security director about Jameis Winston investigation . Due to baseball playoffs ,  Raiders Oct . 6 home game vs . Chargers has been switched 425 pm ET to 1135 pm ET . Late night . Filed to ESPN Adam Pacman Jones worked out for the Bengals in Cincinnati today . HC Marvin Lewis always a big believer in 2nd3rd chances . RT @sturminator @AdamSchefter i'd rather see schlereth in a room with cutler . Guess this means the No . 1 overall pick will make his NFL debut Sunday vs . the Jets . An off the board call  !  RT @JesseBees @AdamSchefter I'm going to go with a long shot and Favre comes back before both of you do . yesterday  ?  Chargers LB Shawne Merriman is planning to report to Chargers camp this weekend and sign his 3.269 million tender . More at ESPN.comBuccaneers officially signed former Cowboys safety J.J . Wilcox and re signed DT Sealver Siliga . Dolphins officially signed QB Brady Quinn this morning . Broncos free agent CB Tracy Porter visiting Raiders today . Talks for Roger Goodell's new deal have not progressed as some thought ,  per source . Deal likely to get done ,  but still issues to work out . If tNFL fines Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch for another obscene gesture during Super Bowl ,  he will receive a ...  Panthers DC Sean McDermott ,  the leader for Bills job ,  now headed to Buffalo for 2nd HC interview with Bills ,  as @johnwawrow also reported . Tickets for Bills Jets game at Ford Field ,  Monday ,  Nov . 24 at 7 p.m . will be free and available to general ...  Whoa Jets reached agreement with OT D'Brickashaw Ferguson on a six year ,  60 million extension that includes 34.8 million in gtd money . Mario Manningham on his shoulder injury Oh yeah ,  I will be out there  Sunday  ,  no question . Im going to be all right.Get ready for onslaught of cuts . They're already coming Patriots cut DT Damione Lewis . All together ,  Seahawks and Raiders paid QB Matt Flynn a combined 14.5 million the past two seasons for one start . Signing QB Marc Bulger means neither Troy Smith nor John Beck should feel comfortable with his roster spot on the Ravens . This is the first season since 1970 that no NFL team reached at least 4 0.Cam Newton and Andy Dalton each have thrown for 3,000 yards   the first season in NFL history with two 3,000 yard rookie passers . MJD put his signature on this bus trip RT @jaguarsinsider @JonesDrew32 signed the bus ,  America's Team . Lions  Titans requested permission to interview Bengals personnel chief Duke Tobin for GM ,  but he's staying in Cincy long term ,  per sources . Texans free agent CB Dunta Robinson will be visiting the Falcons in Atlanta on Friday . Sweet . RT @mortreport Regardless of work left ,  there is still optimism . And if it gets done ,  as expected ,  it will be a 10 year agreement . For former Dolphin WR Davone Bess ,  MIA and CLEV swapped draft spots in two rounds ,  including the 4th rd . There were no actual pick given up . RT @MrSportsFan13   Next week is the start of the AFC Playoffs SDTEN ,  HOUMIA ,  JAXNE ,  NYJIND ,  BALPIT . RT @TheBlueScreen Whoa  !  Look who is on Twitter ,  according to @RosenhausSports   @iamplaxico  ...  And apparently he really is . Terrelle Pryor was only player selected today . No other players were drafted those players are now free to sign with any team . Giants' LB J.T . Thomas tore ligaments in his left knee and was placed on IR today . His roster spot went to K Josh Brown ,  who was reinstated . There's more than one Rex now in spotlight RT @espn Mike Shanahan unsure QB Donovan McNabb will play in Redskins opener  . Cardinals announced that the team has placed the franchise tag on defensive end Calais Campbell . Why do you think I'm taking the balloon  ?  RT @cchandonait @adamschefter no getting pulled over this morning . Even though RB Carlos Hyde plans to play today vs Cardinals ,  49ers still have a role carved out for RB DuJuan Harris ,  who has impressed . RT @bhs5041 Should we expect another 400yd performance by Cam Newton Sunday  ?   ...  Possible . The single biggest surprise of the season so far . RT @Molden86 So what ,  do they go by either Avg of Top 5 OR 110% of last years salary ,  which ever is higher  ?   ...  Whichever's higher . For those that do not want to wait for Favre's comments on his future . Dave Jennings ,  the most prolific punter in Giants history and a radio analyst for team ,  died this morning at his NJ home . He was 61.Mike Tomlin and Jim Tressel also in attendance at Terrelle Pryor workout in Pittsburgh . Bengals and former Steelers LB James Harrison agreed to two year deal . It was ,  in word of one source ,  a process.8th consecutive clean practice for No . 8. Still no picks from Marcus Mariota  who cares that it's practice or against Titans' D . Impressive . Credit @MikeGarafolo ,  first to report news of Leinart and Beck workouts in Buffalo . What I miss  ?  RT @ACromartie31 @Hasselbeck hey Matt if u have something to say be a man about it . Don't erase it . I will smash ur face in . For all the people who tweet about how short I am   guess @RayRice27 also is as well . But who's taller  ?  49ers' HC Chip Kelly on RB Carlos Hyde Well monitor him during the week ,  but I think he would be a stretch to play this week.Despite being listed as questionable ,  Packers WR Greg Jennings unlikely to play tonight vs . Giants . From ESPN With Phil Dawson nursing a strained calf ,  Cleveland signed free agent kicker Billy Cundiff ,  who will be kicking against Balti  ... Some Seahawks generating some camp buzz DE Greg Scruggs ,  CB Tharold Simon ,  WR Phil Bates . Don't know names now ,  but real chance you will . Dean Spanos I havent shared my thoughts with anyone . I will make my evaluations at the end of the season . Anything   . George Blanda played for Bear Bryant at Kentucky ,  George Halas in Chicago ,  and Al Davis in Oakland . What a career . RIP ,  Mr . Blanda . RT @caplannfl Ricky Jean Francois agreed to a 4 year ,  22 M deal with the Colts ,  per source . support . Congratulations to Tony Romo and Candice Crawford on the birth of their first child ,  a baby  Cow boy . Filed to ESPN @mortreport and I are reporting that Ben Roethlisberger will be suspended four to six games ,  with conditions attached . Patriots will receive Bucs' fourth round pick in 2014 in additon to TE Tim Wright in exchange for G Logan Mankins . Check that Opposite of Independence Day for RGIII comes Saturday night ,  his wedding night . With three players suspended this year ,  Cowboys will be subject to a fine in range of 250,000 ,  based on last years club remittance policy . Going to play some of that Rex Ryan audio on NFL Live at 4 pm eastern . What was expected last night is official Broncos signed former Raiders RB Justin Fargas . Sounded like this one was coming yesterday . @dannyoneil Seahawks have acquired OL Stacy Andrews from Philadlephia . Denver has agreed to trade Tim Tebow and a seventh round pick to the Jets for the NY's fourth round pick and a sixth round pick . Julio Jones ran on side Saturday and Falcons will test him at stadium again today . Decision will be made about two hours before kickoff . Northwest Airlines and Hertz really know how to take the joy out of a trip ,  don't they  ?  CB Terrence Newman is returning to Minnesota for his 15th NFL season . Brad Childress was a man ahead of his time  as was BB . In one of my fantasy leagues this morning ,  a team placed WR Randy Moss on waivers . Bengals not matching Browns offer sheet for Wr Andrew Hawkins . He's a Brown . Steelers S Troy Polamalu  ankle  was a limited participant in today's practice for Thursday night's game against Carolina . Former Dolphins OL coach Jim Turner is filing a defamation lawsuit in Florida against Ted Wells for Wells Report in Feb 2014 ,  per source . RT @RossTuckerNFL Today's podcast The latest coaching newsrumors with @AdamSchefter & our playoff picks  . We are now 60 minutes away from a Starcaps NFC Championship Game . And speaking of impressive QBs RT @AGangelhoff Aaron Rodgers wasn't bad either  !  2129 195 30 #FavreWho  ?  RT @Dennisdabomb17 Why are you only able to attend 1 NFL game a yr  ?   ...  We do in studoo pregame shows Sunday mornings and Monday nights . Colts officially announced deal for former 49ersEagles RB Frank Gore . It includes 8.5 million guaranteed . Chiefs are seeking a second round pick in this year's draft as well as another pick in 2014 in a trade for franchise OT Branden Albert . Packers S Nick Collins ,  who underwent neck fusion surgery in Sept. ,  is scheduled to travel to GB next week to talk with team about career . Ravens TE Owen Daniels is active tonight . Signing RGIII not expected to have any impact on what Cleveland does in draft.A QB still expected to be the pick . Denver's first first round pick this year ,  WR Demaryius Thomas ,  is inactive today as is OT Ryan Harris . As if the 4.38 weren't impressive enough . Now this RT @McClainonNFL Gil Brandt timed RG3 in 4.34.RT @TheJoeK Can Bills theoretically pick up merriman and moss  ?   ...  If they're willing to claim both contracts ,  yes . But don't count on it . Former Chargers and Ravens linebacker Jarret Johnson announced his retirement today . Week 16 Playoff Clinchings so far today ,  via @RLiuNFLNFCLAR NFC WestNO Playoff berthCAR Playoff berthAFC  . Feeling is OTs Luke Joeckel and Eric Fisher will be first two players picked Thursday night . Then Oakland's turn ... RT @JosinaAnderson Vikings plan to take RB A . Peterson off activepup list as early as Sun . Targeting Tues . for FULL participation . A spokeswoman at Medical City hospital said Aqib Talib was discharged today . Game not great ,  but numbers talk Pro Bowl was highest rated all star game of any sport last year . People complain about it   and watch it . So over two days ,  Giants add former Broncos CB Dominique Rodgers Cromartie and former Seahawks CB Walter Thurmond . Saints placed DT Kendrick Clancy on the injured reserve and signed DT DeMario Pressley off their practice squad and on to active roster . Bengals 1st round pick Andre Smith is on a plane headed to Cincy . If all goes as planned he will sign and could be at today's 3 pm practice . ESPN's Dr . Mark Adickes said 4 6 weeks was an aggressive timeframe ,  and a more likely timeframe for Dez Bryant's recovery is 8 12 weeks . Wonder how Miami and Washington feels about this Former Redskins QB John Beck made the Texans 53 man roster . Redskins HC Jay Gruden said if Colt McCoy is medically cleared from his neck injury ,  he'll start Sunday vs NYG .  almost .RT @ProFootbalFocus Asante Samuel may be a better CB than people realize . Was thrown at deep  20  12 times last year ,  allowed 1 catch . What the football world has been waiting for NFL schedule will be announced Wednesday night   on ESPN . Typical of the strange season it has been Washington can't root hard enough tonight for Dallas . Mort & Schefter's Week 2 NFL notebook Browns QB search is back on.Bengals and Jaguars are now finalizing a CB David Jones for S Reggie Nelson trade . Four people rushed to hospital Tues . night after a stage collapsed on them at Sun Life Stadium . Injuries notable but not life threatening . LB Vontaze Burfict's extension with Bengals is a four year ,  20 million deal ,  including 7.6 million this year . Jets announced deal with former Broncos WR Eric Decker . Choices ,  choices Sources say 12 teams reached out to Peyton Manning's reps on the day he was released from the Colts . Minnesota is trading No . 3 pick Cleveland . More ahead on ESPN . Steelers gave game ball to former Browns CB Joe Haden ,  who won an opener for first time in 8 years ...  Strong advice on journalism and social media from Margaret Sullivan ,  public editor of the New York Times ...  Texans LB Jadeveon Clowney underwent microfracture knee surgery on Monday and is expected to be sidelined nine months ,  per sources . Nobody will love this photo more than @giantspathanlon . New York ,  New York . Phillies' pitcher Cole Hamels just no hit the Cubs . Third no hitter of the season . Thank u @Tristan1690 @bjcorey @2xAught7 @PyleofList @tomshane1 @nunyabz @Fantasytaz @pennymoore5 @DStro @ABetterPlay @punchycritic @ames43 . Redskins also placed RB Ladell Betts  knee  ,  G Chad Rinehart  fibula  and FB Eddie Williams  fibula  on Injured Reserve . Great news Broncos fans . @ProFootballHOF 2010 Sr . Nominee Floyd Little   first 1000 yd rusher in Broncos history . Won NFL rushing crown 1971 . Bears HC John Fox said RB Jeremy Langford sprained his ankle.Jay Cutler day to day with sprained thumb . A buyout of LSU coach Les Miles' contract is a very good possibility ,  a high ranking source tells @schadjoe . Great point from @ClarkJudgeCBS Saints didn't score a point in their last six series Sunday and had no first downs in their last five . How should top prospects handle next month's draft day experience  ?  Please vote .  RT @RavensInsider Source former Steelers and Bengals LB James Harrison visiting Cardinals today  . No argument here RT @RonnieMo @AdamSchefter Future NFL HC's Sean McDermott ,  Todd Bowles ,  Jeff Davidson ,  Hue Jackson and Bill Sheridan . Patriots QB Jimmy Garoppolo not practicing fully today   appears to be minor leg injury ,  per @MikeReiss . Love bus sightings   keep em coming   but mine's in Dearborn ,  Mi . RT @CDuvak Just saw either @mortreport or @AdamSchefter bus in amarillo  !  Latest on Browns O line coach Andy Moeller  . A preview of the headlines in NY's tabloids . RT @LATimesfarmer San Diego's day in two words Gag Green . RT @AnimatedThinker Do you see 49ers defense holding Vick in check  ?   ...  Got a chance . Eagles haven't been right . Have lost five of past six . Based on opinions of people around league ,  look for Broncos to suspend front office execs Matt Russell and Tom Heckert . Seahawks QB Matthew Hasselbeck has a fractured rib . Unsure whether he'll be able to play Sunday vs . Chicago . Josh McDaniels There are no discussions whatsoever taking place bw the Denver Broncos and any team in the NFL regarding Brandon Marshall.With CBS Sports' Chairman Sean McManus putting 60th birthdays in the news ,  worth noting today is 60th birthday of Ravens exec Pat Moriarty . WR Brandon Marshall is upset Bears have not taken his concerns about his hip injury seriously . So next weekend's wild card matchups are now setGreen Bay at Washington.Seattle at Minnesota.Pittsburgh at Cincinnati.KC at Houston . Former Patriots G Brian Waters' one year deal with the Dallas Cowboys is worth up to 3 million . Mark your calendars The most anticipated NFLPA press conference in SB history will be Thursday @ 315 local time . NFL gets its turn Friday . A Tennessee radio announcer said in the 2nd quarter Against everybody else ,  hes Donald Brown . Against the Titans ,  hes Jim Brown.The contract extension the Jets gave OC Brian Schottenheimer last off season is through the 2013 season . Patriots CB Darrelle Revis vs . Jets WR Eric Decker . Remember when Denver's Barrel Man retired . He told Dan Reeves he still would be going to games ,  just wouldn't be doing it in his barrel . Cowboys WR Roy Williams  groin  is inactive . Cardinals released QBs Logan Thomas and Phillip Sims ,  RBs Kerwynn Williams and Paul Lasike ,  WR Jaxson Shipley and waived RB Marion Grice . Eagles signed DT Timmy Jernigan to a 4 year extension ,  48 million extension that includes 26 million fully guaran  . Raiders announced they have signed S Charles Woodson to a contract extension . Rainsnow in Pitt ,  light rain in Jax ,  rain in NY ,  rain in Wash ,  snow in Chic ,  collapsed roof in Minny . This is going to be some weekend . RT @evansilva San Diego Union Trib reports Chargers DC Ron Rivera expected to be announced as Panthers HC on Tuesday . Adam Vinatieri is only NFL K this season not to miss . Has made all 28 field goals ,  and all 46 extra points . Perfect after all these years . As it turns out ,  Vikings' DBs freelanced on only the first series of game vs Packers ,  not the 1st half ,  per source . On this day 45 years ago ,  Jets won their only Super Bowl . On this day 60 years ago ,  Howard Stern was born . Insert punch line here ... Lions announced they have waived T Cyrus Kouandjio . Florida QB Tim Tebow is scheduled to continue his pre draft tour Tuesday with a visit to Cleveland ,  then Washington on Thursday and Friday . RT @RFlatt3 Are the Eagles Dream Team going to make anymore moves  ?   ...  Don't think they can fit @KingJames and Chris Bosh under cap . RT @AAbuffalo Do you think Luck didn't like Carolina  ?   ...  Nope . Think he loved Stanford . Other defenses are better . From Tom Brady to Peyton Manning ...  Todays Eagles Rams game will be second matchup since 1970 merger between two teams averaging at least 30 PPG this  . Patriots RB James White  ankle  and WR Chris Hogan  shoulder  ,  both listed as questionable ,  are not expected to pl  . It wouldn't be start of season if Patriots QB Tom Brady weren't listed on injury report as probable with a right shoulder injury . How much Michigan means to Jim Harbaugh  . Colin Kaepernick plans to continue to sit during Anthem until he sees real change regarding racial oppression in US . Former Saints tight end Jeremy Shockey is scheduled to visit the Panthers tomorrow . Titans DT Jurrell Casey has signed a 4 year contract extension worth 36 mil with 20.5 mil guaranteed ,  per agent Drew Rosenhaus . Six Points Next in line for NFL HC jobs a cheat sheet NFL teams can use to conduct their HC searches.ESPN's Heather Dinich reporting Al Groh will be defensive coordinator at Georgia Tech also ,  Dolphins not expected to hire Keith Butler . Giants WR @OBJ3 ,  who has dined w LeBron James ,  has spent past week trading texts w Michael Jordan . @OBJ3 trying to learn from the best . RT @Ricerc Is VJax to Skins a possibility  ?   ...  Not this season ,  maybe off season . Redskins already traded their 3rd and 4th round picks . Upon further review ...  RT @GreencastleGuy actually it was yesterday .  As any Steeler fan knows the IR was December 23 ,  1972.PART I Through his agent ,  Larry Johnson just released a statement ,  apologizing to Todd Haley ,  the Chiefs ,  the NFL ,  Roger Goodell . Eagles actually are giving S Nate Allen a 1 yr ,  2M deal with another 1M in play time incentives ,  giving him chance to earn up to 3M . Warning Something that could upset some spouses   This is the last Sunday without NFL football till February . Bengals placed QB AJ McCarron on NFI ,  meaning he will miss at least first six weeks of season . Jets are signing former Bears WR Marquess Wilson ,  per @SportsManagers . Kerry Collins is announcing today that he is retiring from the NFL . WR Anquan Boldin inactive . Packers ruled out OL Bryan Bulaga and Chad Clifton as well as WR Greg Jennings for Sunday night's game vs . Chicago . Who else could it be  ?  RT @AnnaAlways @adamschefter if im not mistaken ,  brady is the front runner for comeback player of the year rite  ?  Hung today outside ESPN's NFL studio   as it should be . right  ?  Packers announced they released retiring C Jeff Saturday . Tom Brady and Patriots making progress on a contract extension that could get done this summer . Don't want to embarrass Dez Bryant . RT @omargonzales @AdamSchefter I remember rich eisen doing the 40..you should do it this year in Indy . RT @MikeReiss Filed to ESPN and @ESPNBoston Patriots and DE Rob Ninkovich have agreed to contract extension through 2016 ,  per source . ESPN's Fantasy Football Marathon returns tonight ,  with 28 straight hours of coverage beginning at 7 PM ET . Jeff Fisher's agent is Marvin Demoff . Rams executive negotiating  deal is Kevin Demoff ,  Marvin's son . This will not be a difficult deal . RT @DaveKrieger He'd love to get a holiday greeting or two from Broncos fans The Barrel Man ,  P.O . Box 460081 ,  Aurora ,  CO 80046 0081.Colts WR Pierre Garcon is active today . Bucs S Dashon Goldson is appealing his one game suspension and trying to get it expedited for Tuesday . Rough couple of days for Cousins . Cleveland is trading a 7th round pick in 2017 to San Francisco for three time Pro Bowl punter Andy Lee ,  league sources told ESPN . Early indications are that Saints CB Delvin Breaux has a broken fibula   a big loss for Saints' secondary . Nothing conspicuous about Gronk . Chip Kelly to SalPal on potential  Oregon violations I am aware of the recent reports ,  and of the ongoing ...  Cardinals reached agreement with former Patriots DT Tommy Kelly on a one year deal ,  per source . Eric Berry's statement regarding his diagnosisI am truly thankful for all of the support from family ,  friends ,  ...  For all those wondering and asking ...  RT @NFLprguy contrary to some tweets ,  the #NFL '14 schedule will not be released this week . As everyone expected all along ,  Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger's suspension reduced from six to four games . Anyone else see @FrankCaliendo doing Gruden while watching Gruden on his QB Camp specials  ?  I can't shake it . Link to the two misdemeanor charges   and details   brought against Colts owner Jim Irsay  . RT @SIPeterKing Ten 1 pm EST games for first time this year . Amazing 2 division championship games today and both  Jax Ind ,  Ph NYG  early . Bengals CB Chris Lewis Harris suspended two games for violating NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . No surprise ,  but Brad Childress said in a conference call with New England reporters that Brett Favre will not practice today . RT @tunasweasel Mangini continues to do everything in his power to help the Jets make the playoffs . Bills placed S Aaron Williams on the ReserveInjured ,  Designated for Return list and signed S Josh Bush to take his place . Knowing both sides are on the clock ,  Chris Johnson and Titans have been talking and will continue talking to try to get a deal in next week . LA Rams CB Coty Sensabaugh and wife skipped honeymoon to distribute thousands of shoes to needy in the Dominican . Fantasy alert ...  RT @kentsomers Cards RB Beanie Wells looks lean . Down to 228 lbs after playing at 235 or so in 09.Falcons reached agreement with former Seahawks Pro Bowl LB Lofa Tatupu . RT @RachelNichols Here's the video for the Maurice Clarett piece some of you have been asking about . And the Jets are on the free agent scoreboard with RB Mike Goodson . Rams to LA ,  with Chargers getting first crack through Jan 16 ,  2017 ,  then Raiders have preference ,  per sources . Brutal ...  RT @mortreport Colts RB Vick Ballard tore his Achilles ,  sources say . He was carted off the field earlier . Bears announced they re signed TE Zach Miller to a 2 year deal . Preview of ESPN's SuperBowl sets at Pan Am Plaza ,  overlooking Lucas Oil Stadium  . The fact that 49ers HC Jim Harbaugh made an appearance at practice Thursday means you can count on him being at and running practice Friday . Cowboys and former Jets G Brandon Moore ,  part of infamous butt fumble last season ,  reached agreeement . No butts about it . One more positive for LB Jaylon Smith going to Dallas His older brother ,  Rod ,  plays running back for the Cowboys . Matmour was just benched ... and not for Jimmy Clausen . Denver and New England trading ... Denver goes to 22.Adam Jones back to Cincinnati on a 3 year deal . DMN scribe Rick Gosselin Never thought I'd see the day that the Texas Rangers were more relevant in any October than the Cowboys.After adding a former Bears TE ,  Patriots now have added a Bears LB ,  reaching agreement with former Chicago LB Shea McClellin ,  per source . Lions announced that they have hired Danny Crossman as special teams coordinator . Bengals announced that they relieved Bob Bratkowski of his duties as offensive coordinator . Search underway for successor . Golden Tate blatantly pushed off and M.D . Jennings intercepted the pass ,  according to two well placed sources my left and right eye . Redskins downgraded DeSean Jackson to out for Sunday's game vs Jets . Patriots LB Jerod Mayo is out for the year after suffering a lower right leg injury that multiple sources say is bad.Alonngside Rich Big Daddy Salgado ,  Justin Tuck is at Umberto's of New Hyde Park celebrating the last Pizza Friday of the season . Please buy a pie or donate to help my nephew @CaseyBarone raise funds for those battling life threatening illness . Great job by @mortreport nailing the Chip Kelly to Eagles story in what @AdamSchein called the scoop of the season.Despite speculation that Houston still could make a run at Peyton Manning ,  the Texans have no plans to pursue the free agent QB . 49ers LB Aldon Smith might be first player to not only not be paid during season but to pay to play   661,000. It's John Beck's turn as Redskins starting QB . He starts Washington's next preseason game . Thoughts with Coach RT @tunasweasel Coach Ditka suffered minor stroke tonight . Won't be on shows this wknd . Wanted everyone to know he's ok . An adjustment to get used to this  . Week 12 is #fantasyfootball crunchtime . Make sure youre considering downside as much as upside . @IBMWatson now pro  . Denver and New England at it again . This time the Broncos acquire offensive tackle Russ Hochstein from the Patriots for late round 2010 pick . Big week in the NFL . All rosters must be trimmed to 75 players by 4 pm . Tuesday ,  then 53 players by 4 pm Saturday . Lots of cuts coming . RT @KaMitchell55 shouldve saved it 4 prac . We have a history ,  similar 2 others ,  but I'm not the 1 that needs 2 b startin anything . Great new book from @JimTrotterNFL JUNIOR SEAU The Life and Death of a Football Icon. Excerpt from Chapter ...  SD jumped up for Ryan Matthews ,  I'd bet . #nfldraft . More on Revis' retutn RT @espn Darrelle Revis rejoins Jets for next to last OTA session    . Patriots' RB Dion Lewis officially inactive . NE's only two active RBs are Blount and James White . It's now snowing   hard   in Buffalo . NFL reviewing the play on which Fletcher Cox broke Joe Staleys orbital bone for potential discipline and possible suspension ,  per source . Factoid that might interest only me Patriots 2nd rd pick Tavon Wilson has a great great grandmother ,  Eddye Williams ,  still alive at 112.Ryan Mathews starting for inactive DeMarco Murray . Raiders' RB Latavius Murray ruled out for second straight week . RT @RonnyRock   @AdamSchefter Cotchery  ?  &lt   Jerricho Cotchery is expected to play today ,  Ronnyrock . Talking about the 1st half here at the #DominosPregameHQ #ad . When Michael Vick was released from prison in 2009 ,  Mike Tomlin was interested in bringing him to Pitt . Six years later ,  Vick's a Steeler . Packers Eagles ,  Saints NFC West . Contrary to reports ,  West Virginia RB Noel Devine has not signed with Atlanta . Devine still is a free agent looking for work . When Colts scouted Peyton Manning in college ,  Bill Polian told @JimIrsay that Peyton was such a safe pick if he missed he'd be Bernie Kosar . Now official ...  Please send C'mon ,  man !  suggestions   goofy plays ,  not calls   to @tunasweasel . Best ones will be used on Monday Night Countdown . NFL has chosen Adam Jones to speak later this month at the rookie symposium . Browns announced they signed QB Caleb Hanie . 49ers are 5 0 all time in the Super Bowl ,  the best record by any team and 1 shy of the Steelers for the most Super Bowl wins all time . Great job by @CollinsworthNBC . He knew what was going to happen before it did . Quality work there . Former Washington DT Ricky Jean Francois signed a one year ,  3M deal with Packers ,  per source . NFL and NFLPA will contribute 1 million to three memorials and two charities related to the events of 911.Texans QB Matt Schaub out Case Keenum starts . Baylor QB Robert Griffin III switched his NFL Pro Day to March 21 ,  one day before he was scheduled to have it on same day as QB Andrew Luck . RT @miketoback hey nba insider ,  what are you hearing about Wade  ?   ...  Lemme work my NBA contacts and get back to you on that .  Saints RB Adrian Peterson didn't practice today in London . So it looks like old 18 still can play a bit . Filed to ESPN For the first time in two days ,  I'm going to bed . Despite being listed as questionable for today's game vs . San Diego with ankle and knee injuries ,  Raiders QB Derek Carr will start . For kicks RT @jayfeely Check me out on sportscenter breaking down the kicking games   . Philadelphia Eagles have agreed to terms on a six year contract with T Lane Johnson . Titans named Jerry Gray as defensive coordinator . Now official Oakland Raiders are hiring former Broncos defensive coordinator Dennis Allen as head coach . Deal done . Redskins will start two rookies ,  RB Roy Helu and rookie WR Leonard Hankerson ,  vs SF today . RT @ClaytonESPN The Chiefs backfield just got bigger and tougher with the addition of Le'Ron McClain . Former Colts S LaRon Landry ,  released Feb . 11 ,  has been suspended for first 10 games of 2015 season ,  league source tells ESPN's @FieldYates . Bills announced they have signed Assistant General Manager Doug Whaley to a contract extension . Sunday NFL Countdown about to go on air . @mortreport and I hit a bit after 1025 am with some juicy headlines . At 2 pm EST ,  Roger Goodell and Rams' owner Stan Kroenke are sticking shovels in ground to break ground on 2.5 billion stadium in Inglewood . Despite questionable injury designation ,  Ravens TE Ben Watson is active today vs Steelers . And @Edwerderespn reports Packers increasingly pessimistic Aaron Rodgers will be able to play Sunday vs . Cowboys . For first time this summer ,  Dr . James Andrews will be meeting tonight with Daniel Snyder ,  Bruce Allen ,  Mike Shanahan about plans for RGIII . Please help @JDRF find a cure and cross off a bucket list item in process . Join me for a day and help save lives at  . RT @dmoneymania @AdamSchefter You need to stop . Take a nap . Go play some golf . I half expect to see you breaking down WNBA highlights . Ravens RB Justin Forsett plans to play today with sprained ankle ,  but needs to test it pregame first to make sure he's good to go . And Vikings announced agreement with first round pick Matt Kalil . ESPN's 16 team War Room league draft just wrapped up . The picks for my co owner and me  . RT @Stuntman1429 Gettin ready for my Kc youth football camp ... may 19th . Sign up at  . Filed to ESPN Terrell Owens reached agreement with Bengals on a one year ,  2 million deal that includes another 2 million in incentives . Condolences to my buddy ,  @nrogoff10 ,  who lost his fantasy championship on last meaningless dump off to CJ Anderson . Perry Fewell interviews for the Buffalo head coaching job Monday Charlie Weis will not be the Bills next head coach . Key points on NFL statement on DeflateGate  NFL says its investigation into Deflategate is ongoing  league ...  49ers' HC Chip Kelly on how he plans to divide snaps between QBs Colin Kaepernick and Blaine Gabbert  . We've got some testy Vikings fans tweeting me . Wow . Appreciate the tweets ,  people . It's all OK . I know what I know . There's something there . Texans and Arian Foster reached agreement on a five year ,  43.5 million deal that includes 20.75 million guaranteed . Love these people . RT @SDBoltsFan1  @AdamSchefter You're an annoying little jew . Nice 24 hours for Big Daddy . RT @CoastalAdvisors 4 1st Round Clients last night in day 1.Day 2 coming up tonight . Redskins DT Albert Haynesworth charged with simple assault for actions in road rage incident Wednesday with another driver in Reston ,  Va . Jon Gruden is staying in the booth ,  Mike Holmgren could be headed to Seattle ... more leverage for Bill Cowher and Mike Shanahan . Jerry Jones on choice he had to draft Johnny Manziel Its not the usual development guy ... Hes a celebrity . Hes Elvis Presley.To rush for 3,000 yards in a season ,  Peterson would have to average 187.5 yds per game . In week one ,  he went for 180.Oh boy ...  Browns TE Jordan Cameron tweeted he expects to play today . Sounds like ,  I'm addition to hosting WR Steve Smith ,  Ravens also expressing some level of interest in Pats WR Julian Edelman . Just wondering If Lebron were returning to Cleveland ,  why wouldn't he announce it at his local basketball camp  ?  My hunch is he's leaving .. From this point on ,  to the relief of many ,  I now will stick to football  at least until Carmelo Anthony becomes a free agent .Texans did not place S Ed Reed on PUP . He will be eligible to play week 1.Another big move for the Bills Buffalo is releasing former first round pick Aaron Maybin . RT @GarbageRadioDon Any idea if fantasy football special is being replayed  ?   ...  At 3 am on ESPN . Set your DVR   unless you sleep like me . Patriots claimed former Panthers rookie RB Tyler Gaffney on waivers today after Carolina tried to sneak him through waivers and into IR . Appeals officer James Thrash ,  jointly appointed by NFL and NFLPA ,  has upheld 1 game suspension of JuJu Smith Schust  . Jaguars announced they also released CB Aaron Ross . And the pool of veteran DBs grows ... Cardinals QB Kevin Kolb will be unable to play Sunday vs Minnesota and is expected to be out several weeks after he ha  . RT @OfficialBraylon It looks like the lockout is coming to an end  !   ...  It sure is . Are you ready for some football  ?  RT @JeremyBloom11 Love it when high character guys crush it .  ...  Larry Fitzgerald is that guy   as good as it gets . Cardinals re signed veteran LB Clark Haggans to a one year contract . Remember all thiose who blasted Washington for drafting Kirk Cousins  ?  Well ,  he went 18 of 23 for 264 yards and three TDs last night . RT @espnmacmahon Cowboys VP Stephen Jones hopes Dez Bryant will miss few days w sprained right ankle . MRI tonight . Sean McVay on when WR Robert Woods might return I think a more realistic target would be the Seattle game . So a c  . No more Thursday night football . One more game of Monday Night Football . Season now officially flying by . Watch 12 year old Kevin Lee predict a Super Bowl for @Seahawks in this #MyWish feature . Ben Roethlisberger battled a cold this week that left him without his voice for two days . Feeling better now ,  should not be issue tonight . Hard to imagine but Sunday is the 10th anniversary of Walter Payton's death . If Bears don't play an inspired game ,  I'll be stunned . Former No . 1 overall pick Jake Long is set to work out for the Atlanta Falcons this afternoon ,  per @mortreport . Instincts of @miketirico on @sj39 were spot on Rams RB Steven Jackson will not play tonight . RT @McShay13 Dez Bryant was cool enough to track me down at Logan airport . Tough background ,  good dude . Dez to Pats if available at 22 ? Dr . Andrews Robert Griffin III had successful knee surgery early this morning . He had a direct repair of his LCL and  . Pleasant upset of day leaving house at 5 am and having Sunday newspaper in your driveway . Game ball to Newspaper Delivery Person . A personal look back at 911 with @michaelsmith and @jemelehill  . One day after Rex Ryan signed Jets logo on bus ,  Soon to be champs ,  Wes Welker signed ,  One game at a time. Bucs signed T Donald Penn to a six year contract and also released T James Williams . Drove to airport in a deluge . Checked in to find only middle seats available on full flight . Please tell me it won't be one of those trips . As a new feature on this weeks podcast ,  ask your football and non football questions using #AskAdam . Please tweet  . This does not bode well for Drew Brees' attendance at OTAs starting Monday there have been mo recent contract talks between Brees ,  Saints . RT @NFLCharean Jim Nantz announced on golf this afternoon that the NFL schedule will be announced Tuesday ,  which is what we all thought . With a win Sunday over Denver ,  the Indianapolis Colts would clinch homefield advantage through the playoffs . Buffalo Bills and WR Stevie Johnson are on the verge of a five year contract that is likely to be completed in the next 24 hours . Outtakes of Gruden doing Gruden  or Caliendo doing Gruden   . Parity turned to parody Sunday Six games yesterday decided by 28 or more points . KC now bracing to lose their personnel chief ,  Chris Ballard ,  who's headed for second GM interview with Colts on Sunday . 49ers reached agreement with DE Ray McDonald on a 5 year ,  20 million deal that includes 7 million guaranteed . Trying to capitalize on HC shakeups ,  Redskins asked for ,  but were denied ,  permission to speak with Bills DC Jim Schwartz about their DC job . Former Steelers RB LeGarrette Blount went unclaimed on waivers ,  per a source . Now free to sign anywhere . Colleague @SuzyNFL32 asked Jon Gruden today to describe Washington OC Sean McVay . Gruden's answer He's special.Chris Johnson will enter Titans' finale against Seattle 128 yards short of 2,000 and 233 short of Eric Dickerson's single season record . him . Traded this monthAdrian PetersonMarcell DareusDuane BrownJimmy GaroppoloJay AjayiSo far ... NFL trade deadline 4 pm ET today . On Arizona Sports 620 ,  former Cards QB Kurt Warner commented that Eli Manning is not a Hall of Famer at this point in his career . Agree  ?  Sickened and saddened to hear of loss of our colleague and friend ,  John Saunders . What a nice man . What a great man . Other race to watch if the Titans lose next week at the Colts ,  Tennessee picks first in 2016 NFL draft and would be on the clock . It's the one year anniversary of the last time a Chiefs WR caught a touchdown pass ... A familiar face returns to Detroit Free agent DE Jared DeVries will sign a one year ,  1.7 million contract with the Lions today . Seahawks RB Thomas Rawls out for game with ankle injury . Saints cornerback Tracy Porter is visiting the Bengals today ,  and also talking with the Raiders and Saints . And so the Patriots will not face Matt Cassel on Monday night . Instead ,  it will be Tyler Palko . Texans S Ed Reed will not play today . Not quite ready . Seattle executive John Idzik has emerged as clear frontrunner to become Jets' new GM and could be offered the job as early as tonight . Seahawks have contacted Chargers DC Ron Rivera about interviewing for their head coaching position this weekend . No interview arranged yet . A prediction the Colts will not rest their starters to make sure they're nice and fresh for the Super Bowl . Jets WR Eric Decker and RB Chris Ivory are active G Willie Colon is not . Talks went well enough last night that Mike Shanahan summoned his agent ,  Sandy Montag ,  to Washington to negotiate his contract . President Obama is 35 13 overall for this years NCAA tournament . He currently sits in the 98.0 percentile in ESPNs Tournament Challenge . Big free agent signing ESPN snares free agent Matthew Hasselbeck ,  even though there now are a surplus of Hasselbecks here . Feeling KC looks at Dexter McCluster . #nfldraft . Good news for Vikes  !  Not that ,  though . RT @BBrown77 Tillman out a month after back surgery . Ouch . NFL has said it made fair offer . De Smith called NFL offer the worst deal in history of sports. Sides will see each other in court on 46.Saints RB Mark Ingram is expected to miss about a month with a hand injury he suffered Sunday ,  per source . Just as Todd Gurley recently ditched knee brace at practice ,  he is doing same for first time in NFL game today . No brace ,  Browns D ,  big day . Denver is trading Tebow to Jets . More now on ESPN . Small world  or namedropping  Entourage creator Doug Ellin and I went to same high school . He uses names of similar friends as characte  ... League has scheduled a conference call at 3 ET for GMs and 5 ET for head coaches . They'll be getting answers to questions everyone has . Update on Ben Roethlisberger expected to be sidelined at least 4 weeks . But hope is that it's not a season ending injury . Still could be . Regarding Joey Porter ,  Steelers have been and will continue to be in communication with NFL as is required by Personal Conduct Policy . Chiefs have won their first four games at Arrowhead for the first time since 2003.Texans WR Andre Johnson returned to practice today Bears WR Brandon Marshall left practice today with tight back . right ?  Raiders signing former Eagles S Nate Allen ,  per league source . Statement from Wilf family on placing Adrian Peterson on leave This has been an ongoing and deliberate ...  RT @d2sf Coach Ditka's career record against the 49ers 4 10. &lt  After last night's pick ,  make it 4 11. Ditka's unbeaten season now over . Chicago Bears agreed to a one year contract extension with LB Lance Briggs ,  who's now under contract through the 2014 season.      . Now the holdout for @JonesDrew32 shows no signs of letting up and is fully expected to extend into the regular season . About to take the field ...  Chicago Bears waived RB Kahlil Bell . Bryan Bulaga has told select teammates he plans to sign a new contract with the Packers ,  per @mortreport . Raiders plan to release TE Kevin Boss ,  who last summer signed a four year ,  16 million deal ,  including 6 million guaranteed . Jason Garrett said Tony Romo's X rays were inconclusive more tests Friday . Romo said injury feels similar to previous broken collarbone . Despite Jerry Jones' comments that an Ezekiel Elliott decision was imminent ,  there will not be one today nor this weekend ,  per source . Notre Dame QB DeShone Kizer has declared for the NFL Draft . Colts signed former Titans DT Al Woods . There's not a better storyteller on TV than the great Tom Rinaldi . The story of Owen and Haatchi ... Another Browns loss . Filed to ESPN Chicago Bears signed former Colts LB Cato June today ,  the same player that helped beat them in the Super Bowl . Patriots' RB LaGarrette Blount is out for the year ,  as @Trags reported . Another blow to Patriots' backfield . Pleased to participate in Mon Tue @JDRF Children's Congress in DC #JDRFcc . You can help advocate ,  fund #T1D research . Thanks to Terrell Suggs ,  @untouchablejay4 ,  I now know the proper pronunciation of his school .  RT @jerkstoreworm Whats the most competitive division in the NFL  ?   ...  NFC East from top to bottom seems strongest . Both norths tough ,  too . Finally ,  confirmation Ed Werder and Chris Mortensen now reporting ,  Wade is out . RT @mjroth1 What are you hearing about Harbaugh focused on 49ers ,  not Michigan  ?   ...  Up to SF to lure him . It's doing a very effective job . Just as everyone expected after NFL's first Sunday of season ,  the two top rated QBs are Alex Smith and Jared Goff . Green Bay Packers CB Tramon Williams has been added to the NFC Pro Bowl roster ,  replacing Eagles CB Asante Samuel . The way this is shaping up ,  Dallas is going to have a choice to make at 16 on Johnny Manziel . As @ProFootballTalk reported ,  Buccaneers gave S Dashon Goldson a five year ,  41.25 million deal ,  including 22 million guaranteed.Steelers and Antonio Brown's agent ,  Drew Rosenhaus ,  scheduled to meet Friday in Jacksonville to discuss a reworked and improved contract . Ben Roetlisberger could undergo MRI after Steelers return to Pittsburgh tonight ,  but he is expected to miss minimum of 4 weeks ,  per source . Turns out @OGOchocinco is a poor man's Wilt Chamberlain . He's doing a reality dating show on VH1 this summer ,  going from 85 women to 1.Workout in ,  shower and shave coming   can't look like Teen Wolf on first day of job . Tonight will be 195th meeting between the Bears and Packers ,  with series tied 94 94 6 and Green Bay holding a 3,335 3,331 scoring lead . Jenn Sterger's meeting with NFL security today in NYC lasted 3 hours . We await the NFLs investigation to be included ,  Joe Conway said . Look for the Arizona Cardinals to be one of the major players to bid for ,  and eventually land ,  former Browns QB Derek Anderson . For those that didn't realize ,  Rex Ryan was joking about his heated conversation with Tony Dungy . The two spoke ,  and all went well . Nobody appreciates an assist anymore Look who's now on Twitter ,  verified and all @MagicJohnson . Jets taking NC DL Quinton Coples . Browns rookie WR Jordan Payton suspended for four games ,  ending rookie season with 1 reception for 3 yards . Cardinals RB Andre Ellington is inactive . prepping . Former Dolphins' QB Matt Moore is on the way to Dallas for a visit with the Cowboys ,  who need a backup ,  per source . RT @RobDemovsky According to GB's @jeffblumb ,  Clay Matthews is first player in Packers history to have three sacks in two straight games . feeling . Seahawks officially have released defensive end Red Bryant and wide receiver Sidney Rice ,  the team announced . Greg Jennings reached agreement with ... the Vikings . RT @DhaniJones Just heard that @TheLawFirmBJGE has never fumbled in the @NFL . Is that true  ?   ...  That is true ,  Mr . Bow Tie . No NFL fumbles . Steelers placed OT Willie Colon on injured reserve and signed OT Jamon Meredith . RT @PlSTOLPete Ur pick to win the AFC .  ...  Baltimore ,  Pittsburgh ,  New England all viable . See the Pats as the likely No . 1 seed . Cardinals officially deactivated Carson Palmer . Drew Stanton starts first game since 2010.Both organizations very concerned about playing surface and there are real questions about whether tonight's game will be played . Three Marvin Lewis coordinators in span of two years   Mike Zimmer ,  Jay Gruden ,  Hue Jackson   now have now gone on to become head coaches . Sunday mornings always used to begin with reading newspaper . Not anymore . Don't know if it's having kids ,  sign of times ,  Tweeting instea  ... At No . 200 ,  Eagles drafted LSU RB Charles Scott ,  who could be short yardage weapon they need . #nfldraft . RT @wmgarmon DJax ,  Hester are NFC players . I get idea  both excellent returners  but expect better from you Schefter .  ...  Why so serious  ?  And for us diehards ...  RT @CoachA12 @AdamSchefter More importantly ,  91 days until Cleveland Browns @ Tampa Bay Buccaneers  !  With clock ticking ,  interesting to note Broncos and Demaryius Thomas have not exchanged any proposals nor had any dialogue in over a month . Falcons DE Adrian Clayborn tore his MCL ,  partially tore his meniscus ,  and is expected to miss at least a month surgery likely ,  per sources . Glancing at the forecast for Nashville on Tuesday ,  when we'll be there ,  it says 101 degrees . If you can't stand the heat ,  get on the bus . Dolphins punter Brandon Fields agrees to 4 yr extension worth just over  13 million w 3.3m fully gtd . Makes him 5th highest paid punter . No . 3 from @jlhowe American Steel . Everson Griffen Active.Brian Robison is inactive after going through pre game warm up . Trent Williams active.Drew  . Tennessee DE Derek Barnett is going through today's pro day despite battling a strained hamstring . Toughing it out . Condolences to the Phillips family ...  RT @sonofbum Bum is gone to Heaven loved  and will be missed by all  great Dad , Coach ,  and Christian . Y.A . Tittle The man behind the iconic image.Looks like one of the biggest hits of the summer will be the one the NFL puts on Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch . Despite being listed as questionable with a knee injury ,  Falcons WR Roddy White is expected to play tonight vs . Baltimore . Before Buffalo and Doug Marrone agreed to a deal early this morning ,  the Bills interviewed former Bears HC Lovie Smith on Saturday . Clarity   good for Cardinals and NFL . RT @giantspathanlon Antonio Pierce  @AntonioPierce  out indefinitely after MRI this afternoon revealed bulging disc in his neck . Key to Jacksonville's win today and rout to the top of AFC South Jaguars outrushed the Titans today 258 57.Baylor is hiring former Wake Forest HC Jim Grobe as its interim head coach ,  per @MarkSchlabach . Redskins cut WR Devin Thomas . Jaguars will interview Cardinals Vice President of Player Personnel Steve Keim for their GM job later this week ,  per Jacksonville source . Lions WR Calvin Johnson active . Patriots pick will be defensive . #nfldraft . Texans are expected to introduce Bill O'Brien as their new head coach by Saturday ,  per sources . Smart for Cardinals and Todd Bowles . They make it tougher for DC to leave and he gets leverage with all teams that come after him as HC . Morning ,  twitterverse . Time to start gearing up for morning radio ,  TV and finishing up the Friday 10 Spot that I'll pass along later . Not an easy decision for Denver to go with Connor Barth over Jay Feely ,  who made 14 of 15 field goals with a long of 60. Both impressed . Panthers are trading for former Bears LB Jared Allen ,  as @JayGlazer reported . Bears paid Allen an 11.5 million roster bonus . Panthers' gain . Good guess ...  RT @dankir96 my guess is they belong to Krukie . Steelers owner Dan Rooney just spotted walking to church in Fort Worth . Not easy to process the new look for WR DeSean Jackson ...  With his 4 2 playoff mark ,  and his 200,000 incentive for each playoff win ,  Joe Flacco is one win from 1 million worth of playoff bonuses . Asked whether Jimmy Garoppolo could remain starter upon Tom Bradys return from suspension ,  an annoyed Bill Belichick said ,  Jesus Christ.Bills announced they re signed QB Matt Cassel . Bengals TE Tyler Eifert is battling back and knee injuries and his status for Sunday vs Packers is uncertain ,  per source . Great pt from @wingoz ESPN's draft promo featured Geno Smith ,  Matt Barkley ,  Manti Te'o ,  Tyrann Mathieu . None went in 1st . Promo still alive . RT @caplannfl Former Cardinals QB Brian Hoyer has agreed to terms on a two year deal with the Browns ,  per source . 49ers RB Carlos Hyde officially active . At this point it would be a major upset if Bengals RB Cedric Benson   facing a three game suspension   were not allowed to play Sunday . Saints have agreed to terms on a five year contract with former Seahawks LB David Hawthorne . More LB insurance . If Jets win tonight ,  Chargers get NY's 2011 second round pick for Antonio Cromartie . If Jets lose ,  Chargers get NY's 2011 third round pick . As @granthpaulsen reported ,  Redskins bringing back CB DeAngelo Hall on a one year deal . Who would have thought that CB Al Harris and WR Randy Moss would be squaring off Sunday in the Dolphins Titans game  ?  Vikings are conducting private workout today with Eastern Illinois QB Jimmy Garoppolo ,  per ESPN source . From last night . Who needed to see Jets  ?  RT @JayRiccHamma58 in NYC seeing Lombardi look behind me and there is NFL legend Tom Brady . Despite a Population Study ,  no NFL players are expected to be suspended for HGH use this season ,  per sources . A deal between the Baltimore Ravens and veteran center Matt Birk is imminent . Birk back to Baltimore . Saddest story of summer   hurts to read Thoughts and prayers for the Sandler family . Joe Thomas ,  loyal lineman ,  via @MerrillLiz ...  Carolina at Atlanta next Sunday for the NFC South title . An expanded postcard from Cincinnati Bengals camp in Georgetown ,  Ky .  A happy and healthy 52nd birthday to Colts HC Chuck Pagano . It's wedding season ,  right  ?  A wedding dance unlike any you've ever seen . As Sapp tweets ,  LMAO  . So theres this  . RT @NFLonTheHill Overnite snow storm in Indy but roof on Lucas Oil Stadium held up . No need for Jaguars to order KC airport hotel rooms . We're moments away from the trade deadline ... I'm not hearing of any Herschel Walker type trades 20 years after the Herschel Walker trade . WR Antonio Brown suffered what is being called a calf bruise. Unsure whether he can return . Thursday Blitz Two notable trades impacted at least nine teams and this weekend's games.Bucs DE DaQuan Bowers suffered a torn Achilles . Off to airport and Boston to do a seminar with sports editors from across the country on ... using Twitter . Will post link later . Biggest college football storyline for months to come who starts at QB for OSU  ?  Patriots signed OL Marcus Cannon to a two year contract extension ,  per source . RT @wingoz texans linebacker brian cushing keeps his defensive rookie of the year award . Browns have signed former Patriots and Colts WR Josh Boyce . myself . New Orleans will release defensive end Charles Grant tomorrow . And now the Chiefs have released CB Brandon Flowers   rough day for veteran CBs . Don't remember the last time ,  if ever ,  that on July 19 there wasn't a single first round pick that had signed yet . Panthers GM Dave Gettleman said QB Cam Newton has been cleared to participate in all drills after undergoing ankle surgery in March . Chargers announced they re signed RB Ronnie Brown and added center Trevor Robinson from Cincinnatis practice squad . A classic farewell to the late great Ernie Harwell  . The players' response to the letter that Commissioner Goodell sent them this week   . Bengals added CB Adam Pacman Jones to the 53 man roster today . This marks 1st time the Raiders have had sole possession of 1st place this late into a season since Week 12 of 2011 ,  when Oakland was 7 4.Packers HC Mike McCarthy and the Packers' organization announced they have partnered to each donate 100,000 to Green Bay Police Foundation . Filed to ESPN Seahawks RB Julius Jones has bleeding in his lung and was kept at an Arizona hospital while team returned to Seattle . No QBs drafted since Winston Mariota at 1 2. We now have entered QB territory . New Orleans  ?  How Atlanta fares in todays NFC Championship game will dictate when the 49ers are able to interview Falcons ...  For those who might have missed it ,  Giants WR Mario Manningham is inactive ,  as is running back Ahmad Bradshaw . I now know the answer to my previous question . Jets HC Rex Ryan didn't just sign the Jets logo on our bus today . He wrote atop it ,  Soon To Be Champs. ...  Redskins re signed DL Kedric Golston to a three year deal . Lions also claimed former Steelers WR Stefan Logan on waivers ,  and released Dennis Northcutt . A.J . Green says he would miss a game next month for the birth of his son ...  Saints rookie CB Marshon Lattimore ,  listed as questionable for tonights game vs Falcons due to ankle injury ,  is ex  . RT @shyamd88 That is because Nike is taking over jersey production . Reebok selling off supply .  ...  True but odd for Manning to be on sale . RT @espn Report USC back Stafon Johnson signed after draft by Tennessee Titans     . As SalPal reports ,  Rex Ryan just benched Wayne Hunter . Austin Howard is the Jets new starting RT . Could see that one coming from Cortland . Eagles announced they reached agreement with former Browns OC John DeFilippo ,  who will become Philadelphia's quarterbacks coach . RT @MartinRoutledge I wonder how much Sandler's was for .  ...  One time I want them to confuse Sandler's royalty check with mine . Bears draft UngaDallas drafts Brent Price . RT @cjacobson1979 Still think Big Ben won't get traded  ?   ...  I've gone from 100 percent sure he won't be to 98 percent sure . Steelers have a potential problem at OT . RT @caplannfl Colon story  . Former Giants RB Ahmad Bradshaw is visiting the Steelers on Wednesday . Bills and S Jairus Byrd have no contract talks scheduled for Monday ,  deadline for franchised players to sign long term deals . RT @MikeGarafolo WR Steve Smith  pec  had a surprisingly good day . Was supposed to be limited to 25 pct snaps but said he did everything . Wanting a new contract ,  49ers TE Vernon Davis no showed for today's mandatory minicamp . RT @TheRealTwiggg How about the Kansas City Chiefs franchise tag  ?   ...  Plan to tag WR Dwayne Bowe . Steelers are the favorite to land former Browns CB Joe Haden . Coming to Giants camp and your morning practice tomorrow ,  @TerrellThomas24. Waiting for that show you're promising . Titans ,  Lions ,  Vikings and Redskins each requesting permission to interview Bengals OC Jay Gruden ,  per source . Anyone on Twitter remember this  ?  Today is the 50th anniversary of Wilt's 100 point game . Ezekiel Elliott withdrew his appeal because ,  legally speaking ,  the case was unlikely to be resolved before the six  . With OT Trent Williams being accused of using N word at NFL umpire Roy Ellison ,  Fritz Pollard Alliance asking players to refrain from word . Eagles officially announced they have released LB Trent Cole . We'll soon hear from him . Surprised that @espngreeny's beard is not trending by now . Maybe it would be if more people saw the pictures from @stacygsg . 49ers announced they placed LB Patrick Willis on season ending IR and signed RB Alfonso Smith . John Clayton reports the Cardinals hosted two notable visitors Thursday former Bears S Mike Brown and former Steelers G Kendall Simmons . Like we said ,  initial rosters are not final rosters . RT @RichCimini Jets waive Maybin ,  Tevaseu ,  Trufant ,  place McElroy on IR . Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger and his wife Ashley announced they are expecting a son later this year . A lot of information on autism is missing . Suppo . RIP ,  Roger Ebert . Pats RB Dion Lewis ,  listed as Q with abdominal injury ,  is expected to play tonight ,  per source . Will be tested pregame ,  but there's optimism . RT @taniaganguli Texans plan to play Arian Foster today . Workload will depend on how his hamstring holds up . After visiting the NY Jets ,  Patriots free agent LB Dont'a Hightower is scheduled to visit the Steelers ,  per source . Vikings placed QB Matt Cassel on IR   done for season . If Shannon Sharpe were commenting on this ,  he'd call for the National Guard because the Broncos are killing the Patriots . Bengals claimed former 49ers QB Jeff Driskell on waivers ,  per source . TE losses racking up Washington loses Niles Paul and Logan Paulsen for season Eagles lose Zach Ertz and Jags' Julius Thomas for preseason . Saints placed Nick Fairley on reservenon football injury with his  heart condition ,  per source ,  a sign he's not playing this year . I like this idea ... RT @mlozano9 @AdamSchefter Adn Schefter for ESPN Deportes appearances  !  Packers OT Bryan Bulaga tore his MCL in the Thursday night opener ,  per source . Undetermined how much time he might miss . Please start following @NFL32   exciting new daily show 6 pm ESPN2 w @mortreport ,  @SuzyNFL32 & other ESPN types . Debut show   Tues . 913.Oregon UFAsFB Will TukuafuTE Dante RosarioTE Ed DicksonOL Adam SnyderLB Spencer Paysinger CB Walter ThurmondIf anyone's interested . Great point from @ClarkJudgeCBS  The Denver defense that was 1 4 with Kyle Orton is the same defense that's 6 1 with Tim Tebow . Bears signed C Roberto Garza to a one year contract . Definition of prime time player in the last 4 years ,  Drew Brees is 10 0 in home prime time games with 33 TD passes and 4 interceptions . Steelers make it official ,  announcing that safety Troy Polamalu has retired . In Seattle ,  New Jets GM John Idzik was a supporter of QB Tarvaris Jackson ,  whose price tag fits into what cap strapped Jets could afford . Broncos used a high pick on CB Alphonso Smith and now have sent him to same place as Tony Scheffler for TE Dan Gronkowski . Browns terminated the contract of quarterback Derek Anderson ,  the team announced . Lions remove Ziggy Ansah from PUP . Detroit needs him in opener vs . Arizona . Another change to another QB in Tampa . Now first round pick Josh Freeman will be the starter . Dolphins signed wide receiver Kevin Curtis and placed tackle Vernon Carey on Injured Reserve . Quite the story ...  RT @Al3xCole Breaking DeSean Jackson's gang connections troubling to Eagles  . Julio Jones officially active hamstring bears watching ,  especially with short week and Saints on Thursday night . Picks 5 and 7 done ,  boxing in Andre Smith at 6. Picks 9 and 11 done ,  boxing in Michael Crabtree at 10. Yet no signs of deal with either one . Take solace ,  Garrett Hartley Sebastian Janikowski missed 3 FG attempts Sunday ,  matching his total of misses from all last season . Coach nailed this one RT @dremmelqueen Doncha love Bobby Knight if NCAA in charge of Normandy invasion ,  we would have landed in Portugal . Owners discussing change that would allow teams to hire coaches still in playoffs ,  per sources ...  Staying in NY ,  in NFL ,  involved ,  as only he knows how . Saints restricted free agent RB Mike Bell scheduled to visit the Philadelphia Eagles on Tuesday . Even though at least two teams think Raiders DE Jihad Ward could need arthroscopic knee surgery ,  Oakland believes he will not need it . Bills said they conducted a private workout today for ,  amongst others ,  Syracuse QB Ryan Nassib . Broncos TE Julius Thomas is scheduled to undergo an MRI today on the ankle he sprained yesterday . Josh Cribbs is tremendous  meet the challenge ?   RT @RGDJ @AdamSchefter I challenge you to say something positive about the Browns  !  New York Jets announced today that Neil Glat has been named President . Feature length documentary ,  The Gleason Project ,  being made about former Saint Steve Gleason and his fight with ...  Hanging Out Chad Effect Last nights edition was second most watched episode of Hard Knocks since 2002 ,  with 984,000 viewers . Rams WR Tavon Austin  chest  is out today vs Patriots ,  per source . Cover your children's eyes ,  pls . RT @JayHarrisESPN My man @AdamSchefter hard at work before we taped a segment . Steve Smith might be 1 for now ,  but he just dropped two passes . Two . Great Q and A with Giants GM Jerry Reese on his team's second round pick ,  Alabama DT Dalvin Tomlinson  . From @mortreport and me Eagles met with Notre Dame HC Brian Kelly ,  who is now out of country . Sides expect to revisit talks . Three teams   BUF ,  MIA ,  TB   put in waiver claims for LB Shawne Merriman . Broncos now listing CB Champ Bailey as Out for Thursday night's opener vs . Baltimore . RT @DonteStallworth Man how has London Fletcher only been to TWO pro bowls in his career  ?  This dude is a monster ,  he brings it EVERY play  !  Nevada's Governor signed a bill today to raise tax to finance stadium for the Las Vegas Raiders . Crux of Wells Report In particular ,  we have concludedthat it is more probable than not that Jim McNally  the ...  NFL reviewing Favre crackback block to see if a fine is in order . Then again ,  NFL looks at any hit like that to see fines are in order . Sunday routine has kicked off . Shapes up as a big day for our fellow tweep ,  @OGOChocinco  I mean ,  I might be able to score vs . those DBs  . How many NFL owners tweet  ?  RT @woodyjohnson4 Fans ,  great job last Sunday . Your game ball is at newyorkjets.com . Take a look . Steelers claimed former Chargers QB Zach Mettenberger  on waivers ,  per @FieldYates . Fact of day USC's Leonard Williams   projected as a top 3 pick   does not have ,  nor has he ever had ,  a driver's license . Never wanted it . A correction from an earlier RT . This RT's right . Sorry for confusion .  RT @TomSilverstein Troy Polamalu wins AP defensive player of year . Chiefs' QB Chase Daniel has more TD passes to KC WRs tonight than Alex Smith had all last regular season ... NFLPA statement on Ezekiel Elliott case  . SalPal reports from Eagles practice that Mike Vick has his helmet and is practicing . Former Jets' CB looks like he's headed to Indianapolis to play for the Colts ...  Cardinals signed former Chargers CB Antoine Cason to a one year deal . Browns signed former Bears QB Jason Campbell . Broncos worked on Peyton Manning's contract into night and are aiming to have it done in time to introduce him at a press conference today . Packers WR Donald Driver is active . Look what was found this morning in yesterday's mail another royalty check for the Longest Yard . Ka ching  !  After seeking second medical opinions ,  Colts CB Vontae Davis is opting to undergo season ending groin surgery ,  per source . Redskins' TE Jordan Reed has  Grade 3 shoulder separation an MRI revealed Friday ,  per Jay Gruden . Questionable for next week vs Arizona . Ravens OL Alex Lewis suffered a shoulder injury that will require surgery next week and he will miss 2017 season . ESPN's NFL Live kicks off at the same time as the free agent signing period . Please tune in for the latest developments . We all do . RT @WadeChapman I wish my Cowboys woulda traded Bennett  andor Roy  for @OGOchoCinco ,  we need some Esteban in our lives  !  Former Rams GM Billy Devaney ,  who had been an ESPN analyst ,  is joining the Atlanta Falcons' player personnel department as a regional scout . Not exactly Steve Smith to the Eagles ,  but notable nonetheless Free agent WR Mark Clayton visited the Rams on Wednesday . Sounds like Percy Harvin should be able to play today versus Ravens . Bengals ,  Broncos ,  Jaguars ,  Rams ,  49ers and Buccaneers' rookies report to training camp today . No more vets report anywhere till Wednesday . Giants waived RB Andre Williams . Ian Williams has agreed to return to the niners on a 5 year deal . Ravens placed LB Terrell Suggs on PUP . He can begin practicing after NFLs sixth game and can practice up to three wee  . Buffalo RB Dominic Rhodes just scored to give Bills a 13 6 lead over Bears . Though he did it vs backup Bears D ,  Rhodes still is underrated . Panthers RB DeAngelo Williams is not expected to play Sunday vs . TB due to foot injury but is likely to play Nov . 21 against Baltimore . Washington had draft pegged pretty good ,  drafting Jeremy Jarmon in round 3. Five teams put in claims to draft Jarmon in round 4. Washing  ... Colts have told WR Andre Johnson that they are releasing him ,  per source . One more high profile unemployed veteran . Colts and @JimIrsay plan to hire Eagles director of player personnel Ryan Grigson as their new general manager . Lawyers finalizing agreement . Julius Jones starts at RB for the Saints ,  Jimmy Graham starts at TE for Saints . RT @ngoss My buddy owes me 20. I told him Underwood would make a Super Bowl before Tony Romo . No deal for Andre Smith   yet . Both sides making progress . 24 hrs away . In event I lose job to @Ogochocinco ,  I'm trying out for WR in Cincy . That's why Tom Rinaldi is so good . He says The man born on the eighth day of the eighth month now has his eighth Wimbledon championship.About last night . RT @ProFootballTalk And @AdamSchefter was nestled all snug in his bed ,  where visions of Manumaleuna danced in his head.As 10 win Eagles head to Seattle ,  it should be noted Russell Wilson led Seahawks have not lost a regular season ga  . We believed we did the right thing at every juncture in our relationship with Josh ,  said Giants president John ...  No surprise ,  but here it is anyway Falcons RB Michael Turner is inactive . Cowboys free agent CB Mike Jenkins visited Jaguars . But before signing ,  he is scheduled to visit the Raiders and Bills . Two biggest Bills questions have nothing to do with T.O . First ,  can QB Trent Edwards turn corner . More important ,  who's blocking for him  ?  Eagles added WR Jordan Matthews  back  to the injury report today . He is listed as questionable for tomorrow's game . Instead of player holding out ,  team holding him out For second straight preseason game ,  Chargers Philip Rivers not playing . Mike Ditka putting his 12 0 Monday Night Picks record on the line tonight with ... the Packers . Another good question . RT @danpio1217 So who looks dumber  ?  Dolphins for not signing him ,  or Chargers for letting him go  ?  Another person said Stedman Bailey's surgery lasted closer to 9 hours . He is stable and will be closely monitored over next 5 days . Over next two days ,  32 teams will release 22 players per team   that's 704 mandatory roster transactions . A lot of dreams made and dashed . Ravens RB Ray Rice is expected to play Sunday despite a knee injury that limited him in practice this week . Pre game decision for SJax . Cardinals think DT Darnell Dockett tore his ACL and MCL ,  as @MikeGarafolo reported . Cardinals lose one of their emotional leaders . To make room on roster for new kicker Chris Boswell ,  Steelers officially have  released kicker Josh Scobee . RT @DanBon8 AND  ?  Come on Schefter ,  he isn't leaving .  ...  No he's not . But he's not going to OTAs ,  either ,  which is not what Saints want . RT @mortreport PLEASE Take a minute this holiday season to support Iraq and Afghanistan veterans  . President Obama will welcome the Super Bowl Champion Baltimore Ravens to the White House on Wednesday . Updated NFL fined Rams' CB Lamarcus Joyner 23,152 for his hit on Vikings QB Teddy Bridgewater ,  whom league deemed defenseless . Hope for Jets that Colts could rest Peyton Manning some Indianapolis signed QB Drew Willy off its practice squad today . DE Adrian Clayborn became first 1st round pk under new labor deal to reach agreement on new deal . Blake Baratz and Bucs just finished deal . Former Dolphins WR Brian Hartline is visiting the Browns today ,  as @ProFootballTalk reported . Hartline born in Canton and played at Ohio St . The Bears believe running back Matt Forte suffered a high ankle sprain Thursday night vs . Green Bay ,  per source . Chargers placed their longest tenured player ,  long snapper David Binn ,  on injured reserve due to a hamstring injury . Daunte Culpepper starting at QB for the Lions and WR Calvin Johnson is ,  in fact ,  inactive . Notable UFAs not tagged Ed Reed ,  Paul Kruger ,  Aqib Talib ,  William Moore ,  Brent Grimes ,  Cliff Avril ,  Sebastian Vollmer ,  Danny Amendola . Not only is Giants DE Justin Tuck visiting the Oakland Raiders today but so is Giants CB Terrell Thomas . RT @RavensTweet AdamSchefter's Class of Football is a great read ,  motivational book for fans of football or not . Don't sleep on this book . RT @AnthonyManzara Can you tell me why Plaxico would not be a good fit with Minn  ?   ...  If they lose Sidney Rice in free agency ,  I can't . Lynch on Buff I like to play football . Whether its here or if its somewhere else ,  as long as I get to play football ,  Im feeling great.Will be real easy for Patriots to front load an offer sheet for RFA Emmanuel Sanders . If PITT can't match ,  it would get NE's 3rd rd pick . Six unsigned 1st rounders remaining OTs Andre Smith and Eugene Monroe ,  DT BJ Raji ,  WR Michael Crabtree ,  DE Aron Maybin ,  CB Michael Jenkins . Bears announced they have signed GC Andre Gurode to the active roster ,  waived DT Amobi Okoye . Joining Ditka ,  Shanahan ,  and others at the @FantasyCombine a live fantasy sports education and experience . Info  . Robert Griffin expected to undergo surgery this week on torn LCL and at that time doctors will determine if any damage has been done to ACL . Patriots voted QB Tom Brady the recipient of their 2009 Ed Block Courage Award . Broncos blanket the 49ers with apologies over videotaping a portion of their practice in London . 49ers gave K Phil Dawson a one year ,  2.25 million deal ,  including 1 million signing bonus . Great deal for Niners ,  not so great for Dawson . Matt Cassel expected to compete for Vikings starting QB job . Now en route to Vikings facility for physical after agreement ,  per @JayGlazer . When Patriots rookies reported Sunday ,  the first veteran to report with them was QB Tom Brady . He's already back to work . More NBA July 4 headlines ...  Key point to remember on Vick Notice commissioner said Vick will be reinstated no later than week 6   so it could be earlier . April 1 deadline ,  when Colin Kaepernick's 11.9 million salary becomes guaranteed ,  is moot . 49ers are not releasing him before then . Jets LB David Harris signed his franchise tender tonight   3rd player today to do so . Harris' number projects bw 10.1 and 10.5 million . Filed to ESPN Falcons coach Mike Smith was fined 15,000   double Albert Haynesworth's fine   for his part in Sunday's sideline fracas . Bill Polian said on ESPN that he sees a little Robert Mathis in Kansas St . DE Jordan Willis ,  who figures to go sometime early tonight . Arizona WR Larry Fitzgerald'sdealincludes a clause that prevents the Cardinals from slapping their franchise tag on him after season . Donovan McNabb asked the Redskins to consider signing Terrell Owens . RT @markschlereth welcome to ubertwitter Adam ,  it's slicker than snot as they say  !  In return for Reggie Bush ,  Saints received former Dolphins safety Jonathon Amaya and a swap of undisclosed draft picks . NFL is announcing and Dolphins have been informed that LB Dion Jordan is being reinstated . Trotter hasn't played since 2007 when he was with Tampa Bay . Trotter's last tryout was with the 49ers in May 2008. He wants to play . Raiders like their Ohio State DBs in round 1. They drafted Jack Tatum in 1971 ,  Neal Colzie in 1975 and now Gareon Conley in 2017.Now's the perfect time for NFL to announce any of its pending suspensions ... Jim Kelly is class . Evidence as to how tough the AFC North is The NFLs top four defenses entering Week 8 are the four AFC North teams . Also don't know too many football players who ,  at age 25 ,  less than two months from free agency ,  haven't really thought about it.For all the talk about Eagles offense and 77 plays they ran in opening weekend ,  Patriots ran 89 ,  Ravens 87 ,  Lions 77.Former Super Bowl MVP and Seahawks LB Malcolm Smith has reached agreement with the Oakland Raiders ,  per sources . Antonio Smith has agreed to a 1 year 2 million contract with the Broncos ,  per @RosenhausSports . One more reason for Bradord to go 1 RT @ProFootballTalk Drafting Bradford could bring job security in St . Louis  . Ravens announced CB Jimmy Smith underwent season ending foot surgery . Big blow for Baltimore . Bucs CB Aqib Talib and Titans WR Kenny Britt are facing suspensions and will meet this week in NY with NFL commissioner Roger Goodell . Clinton Portis   aka SE Jerome   met former Georgetown bball coach and current sportstalk yapper John Thompson for 1st time today . Porti  ... A great man that led a great life left us earlier this evening at the age of 99. RIP ,  John Wooden . Giants' Steve Weatherford joins Michael Koenen  2009  and Todd Sauerbrun  2003  as the only three punters ever to receive franchise tag . Buccaneers are giving former Jets' QB Ryan Fitzpatrick a one year ,  3 million deal ,  per source . Chiefs released RB CJ Spiller for the second time within a week . Arizona picked ,  Dallas picked ,  so Minnesota stayed true to its word No Adrian Peterson trade . Remains a Viking . As they said . Statement from Falcons asst coach Marquand Manuel I take full responsibility for the inappropriate question I ...  Next Saturday ,  Lambeau Field will host a screening for the documentary Wisconsin Vietnam War Stories. It's a salute to deserving heroes . Dolphins believe QB Jay Cutler suffered two cracked ribs today that could sideline him two to three weeks ,  per source . More tests coming . 12 Former Browns CB Joe Haden is not subject to waivers and is free to sign with another team after 4 pm today . And he will . Dolphins owner Stephen Ross texted Jonathan Martin last week ,  offering support . Ross has said he wants to create professional environment . Browns released QB Seneca Wallace ,  per league soure . Looks like a favorite has emerged Panthers asst GM Brandon Beane is headed back to Buffalo for second GM interview with Bills ,  per source . A safe prediction Saints will be disciplined far worse than the Patriots were for Spygate . Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger ,  Bears WR Alshon Jeffery ,  Bears RB Matt Forte each listed as questionable for Sunday . Bears announced 2 year contract extension or Jay Cutler . It's about 30 million for two years . His deal now runs through 2013.Hard to bet against this RT @ShawnBrumfield At this point I have Jake Locker retiring before Brett Favre  !  Jared Goff will get increased practice time with first team offense during Rams' current bye week ,  then next week before game vs Carolina . Goodell to Vick Playing in the NFL is a privilege . It is not an entitlement.Since seeding began in 1979 ,  this will be only the 3rd Final Four played without a No . 1 seed and first ever without a No . 1 or No . 2 seed . Cowboys brought back Anthony Spencer on a one year deal ,  hope he'll be ready for training camp . RT @judybattista Pittsburgh Post Gazette reporting that the Steelers expect to learn Roethlisberger's discipline on Wednesday . Packers have traded T Tony Moll to the Baltimore Ravens for DB Derrick Martin . One last point before today's games on Pats' go for it decision vs Indy . New England is last in the league in net punting average . Michael Crabtree and Aqib Talib both ejected for fighting in old fashioned ,  Raiders Broncos style . Did I see that right  ?  @JeromeBettis36 picking the Bengals over the Steelers tonight  ?  Wow ... ESPN Report Alabama's Cyrus Kouandjio and Ha Ha Clinton Dix to enter NFL draft . A moment of reflection for one of the greatest Exactly 50 years ago today ,  at the age of 61 ,  Ernest Hemingway took his own life . The same money issues in Tim Tebow's contract caused complications for Jacksonville trying to complete trade . Now Jets facing them . Eagles release QB Jacory Harris ,  a rookie free agent from Miami . No argument from me . RT @RaidersExaminer @adamschefter ESPN's 3030 series is probably the best thing on TV these days . Hoops preview Home teams are 86 21 all time in NBA Game 7s . Nuggets are 0 2 all time in Game 7s ,  losing to Jazz in 1994 ,  to Bucks in 1978.For those scoring at home ,  Dante Wesley's suspension will cost him 36,470   117th of his 620,000 base salary for this season . Seahawks clinching a playoff spot snaps a 2 season drought of defending Super Bowl champions missing the postseason . Patriots reached agreement on a one year deal with WR Deion Branch . Bills backup RB Travaris Cadet suffered a dislocated ankle today ,  per source . Chiefs traded LB DJ Alexander to Seahawks for LB Kevin Pierre Louis . 12 A high ranking Bucs official insisted tonight that his team is not ,  has not ,  and will not pursue Bill Cowher this off season . Patriots have two second round picks Friday night   and that's it for the draft . Wouldn't be surprising to see Pats trade back Friday . Going to be an emotional day for Bill Cowher ,  whose oldest daughter is getting married today . Congratulations to the Cowher family . Please help support The V Foundation for Cancer Research Auction on @espnradio now through July 13th . Visit  . Set your DVRs The SportsCenter Special   The NFL Insiders ,  which aired last night on ESPN ,  will reair tonight on ESPN2 from 5 am 6am est . Go back to this Twitter feed in February FWIW Magic Johnson predicted LeBron to Knicks . Guess we'll see what Magic knows . A 10 Spot to preview this weekend's NFL action . 49ers announced they have agreed to terms with LB NaVorro Bowman on a five year contract extension through the 2018 season . And so there will be no trip to SF nor Oakland nor anywhere . Redskins closing out deal for their new WR ,  DeSean Jackson . How long Browns WR Corey Coleman will be out is uncertain for now . But not good . Giants have a two game roster exemption on Pierre Paul . During that time ,  he is expected to return to the field and begin football drills . RT @ProFootballTalk Cam Newton will have a busy month  . Washington LB Brian Orakpo is scheduled to undergo an MRI today on his shoulder but the Redskins don't believe his injury is serious . Possible origins of Harrison's photo shoot RT @FDerron Guessing you've never played the game or saw movie  ?  Total guarantee in Broncos' kicker Brandon McManus' 3 yr extension is 8.25M . Full guarantee is 6M . Makes him fourth highest paid K in NFL . Cowboys at Eagles Cowboys are 6 0 on road while every other team in NFL has at least 2 road losses . During his press conference moments ago ,  Josh McDaniels just said his team will win with or without Brandon Marshall . Breaking ...  Titans OL coach Mike Munchak was in demand this off season he turned down three chances to leave Tennessee ,  including one from Carolina . A postcard from Albany ,  N.Y . and Giants training camp . Some interesting Brandon Marshall news ahead on Sportscenter at about 625 eastern . Please check it out ... Seahawks need OL help   could be some here . RT @EricStangel Rams ,  losers of 17 straight ,  at Lions ,  coming off 0 16 season . The Vegas line is What idiot would bet on this game ? that  ?  !  ?  Bears have made a QB change and are going with Mitchell Trubisky ,  sources tell @DanGrazianoESPN and me . RT @SabNuzz Broncos still have 15 mil in cap space . Means more to come right  ?  Big splash  ?   ...  Done splashing . No more big moves expected . Cardinals free agent TE Anthony Becht is scheduled to visit the Raiders today . Saints lost their streak ,  Nick Folk lost his job ,  Giants lost steam ,  Peyton Manning won MVP ,  and Cowboys won BIG . Still have to win 1 more . For anyone that questioned John Elway's powers ,  consider this He took the HC's office that once belonged to Reeves ,  Shanahan and McDaniels . A federal judge has dismissed Jonathan Vilma's defamation suit against commissioner Roger Goodell ,  league spokesman Greg Aiello announced . Steelers projected to be about 25 million over 2012 salary cap nothing new   have headed into off season over the cap the past seven years . Two great Know Them From Adam podcast guests Tuesday ,  at center of off season speculation @JimmyG10 and @DeSeanJackson11.Those 704 men who lose their jobs  ?  That ,  as @jayinwny pointed out ,  doesn't even include offensive coordinators  !  Colts are expected to re sign CB Vontae Davis ,  per team source . Follow Friday ,  follow every day  @NFL32   our new NFL daily show . @mortreport ,  @SuzyNFL32 and a host of others.6 pm tonight on ESPN2.Way to go . Tony LaRussa retired today  ?  He has been spending too much time talking to his friend Bill Parcells . RT @mortreport Rams QB Sam Bradford is out for season after MRI shows he did tear left knee ACL ,  per sources . Rams will announce later . Justin Smith  RetiredPatrick Willis  RetiredChris Borland  RetiredRay McDonald CHIPerrish Cox TENNChris Culliver  WASHDan Skuta JAX . RT @JuddZulgad Percy Harvin is NOT on the practice field and the Vikings admit they are concerned about his migraines . Bills HC Chan Gailey announced that he is looking for a spark and that Ryan Fitzpatrick will start at QB Sunday at the Patriots . New Browns owner Jimmy Haslam also has begun to make plans with the Rooney family to sell the portion of the Steelers that he owns . LeBron story gets more interesting ... The Indecision  . But maybe the saving grace . @Denverdom hope your jinx works in reverse too . RT @RoySauce How weird is it that TWO players will play v same team 2 consec weeks  49ers S CJ Spillman and Eagles RB Jerome Harrison .With Chris Hogan not expected to play today ,  the Patriots could give a shot to newly signed WR Kenny Britt . RT @gregaiello Tom Brady says in Telegraph that greatest QB ever not him ,  but Joe Montana ,  his boyhood hero . Redskins RB Ryan Torain is active ,  RB Clinton Portis is not . Wishing you and your family a happy and healthy ,  peaceful and prosperous 2012. Happy New Year . Addition ,  not subtraction ,  for Oakland Raiders announced they have signed former Giants DE Dave Tollefson . Thursday ,  April 14 at 800 PM ET on ESPN SportsCenter Special ,  NFL Schedule Release . I'd bet Randy McMichael is available . RT @BrianVaughn93 @AdamSchefter Are there any TE's out there if the Bengals would take a shot  ?  He'll be in the lineup tomorrow ,  count on it . RT @gregaiello Injury update Mort  flu symptoms  probable . Now that he has been released from Tennessee ,  QB Vince Young is eyeing Philadelphia . Buccaneers announced today that they have signed S Sean Jones to a two year contract . RT @SIPeterKing I'll take Leinart signing with Seattle and give you the field .  ...  I'll take the field ,  Peter . For dinner at SB  ?  RT @NFLFanHouse Manny was suspended for evidence of an hCG prescription ,  but he reportedly didn't test positive for it . Been tweeting about this for over a week now Raiders cut DT Gerard Warren . Would be nice to catch breath RT @ChrisSprow Happy to repodies . OUT McFadden ,  Jones Drew ,  Cutler ,  Vick . DOUBT DeMarco Murray . QUEST Julio Jones ,  Michael Turner ,  Ryan Mathews ,  Sproles . PROB T . Smith . Dolphins released RB Daniel Thomas ,  per league source . Twitter wisdom ...  RT @darrenrovell MY 100 TWITTER RULES TO LIVE BY  . Titans CB Jason McCourty signed a five year ,  43 million contract extension ,  including 20 million in guaranteed money and bonuses . Heated debate in our production meeting for tonight's 7 pm Fantasy Football show about which QB ,  Brady or Brees ,  should be picked first . The ultimate name game  . Andy Dalton ,  right thumb injury . Questionable to return . Former Packers G Fuzzy Thurston ,  a member of the Packers Hall of Fame ,  passed away this morning . He was 80.Broncos officials are scheduled to interview Falcons offensive coordinator Mike Mularkey in Atlanta on Friday for their HC opening . Chargers released former first round pick Larry English . Mr . Sunshine is up after a great Sunday of football . RT @GeorgeAtallah 100 days to go until the expiration of the #NFL CBA . RT @RossTuckerNFL If Eagles hadn't laid egg vs . Vikes they'd likely be playing Seattle at home w 6th NFC Champ game in 10 years on line . Eric Mangini and Mike Holmgren are actually talking right now . At this moment . Add Raiders ,  Cardinals and others to long list of teams open to moving back . Two candidates to watch in Denver Vikings HC Leslie Frazier ,  whose contract is up first week in January ,  and Air Force HC Troy Calhoun . For what it's worth Dolphins have won more games than any other team since merger  372  ,  but are 0 4 lifetime vs . Texans . Drew Brees' contract doesn't allow Saints to use franchise tag on him after this season ,  per sources ...  Safe to say he has a knee injury that isn't responding . RT @TheFirstD @AdamSchefter is it safe to label Anthony Gonzalez injury prone ? 49ers announced they have signed GC Daniel Kilgore to a three year contract extension through the 2017 season . Lions WR Golden Tate officially active tonight didnt miss any games ,  even with injured shoulder . RT @hpile2 Does Ed Werder get to go home to his family now  ?   ...  You didn't hear his new family is the Favres  ?  They adopted him . Hard to imagine that WRs Joey Galloway and Bobby Wade would have found work before Terrell Owens . But that's just what has happened . Saints stuff CB Malcom Jenkins makes first NFL start . S Darren Sharper back in starting lineup . CB Chris McAlister expected to be inactive . Texans have declared QB Brian Hoyer  concussion  out for Sundays game vs . Colts . T.J . Yates to start at QB . Broncos are considering a QB change ,  only if a change is made ,  it likely would be to former first round pick Paxton Lynch ,  per source . Dak Prescott now owns NFL record ,  opening NFL career with 99 passes without an INT Carson Wentz right behind him with 96 attempts ,  no INTs . Lines for gas at 6 am extend miles in New York . Never seen anything like this . How does this happen and who fixes this  ?  Four Pats listed as questionable   Tom Brady ,  Martellus Bennett ,  Julian Edelman ,  Chris Hogan   all good to go today vs Rams ,  per sources . ESPNs @BobLeyESPN Ben and Jerry are no more . The Giants flavor of the season is Chunky Blue Disaster.Hope Canadians like the long ball Bills QB Ryan Fitzpatrick now leads the NFL in average air yards per throw at 10.4  minimum 50 attempts .Giants QB Eli Manning and C Shaun O'Hara play well off each other ,  whether it's on the field or in our bus . Mike Shanahan said @RGIII has a Grade 1 sprain to his lateral collateral ligament that makes him day to day.Oh boy . RT @McClainonNFL I think RB Ben Tate ,  second round pick from Auburn ,  is done for year because of a broken ankle . Find out Sunday . Friday 10 Spot a later trade deadline would help Texans ,  Chiefs ,  Kyle Orton . Cowboys supplemental draft choice NT Josh Brent broke his left hand in morning practice and missed afternoon practice due to injury . Steelers finalizing a new multi year extension with CB Cortez Allen ,  per league source . Deal expected shortly . Giants already have confirmed to NBC that Victor Cruz tore his patella tendon . Just brutal . Weeks . V Foundation Announces Ground breaking Stuart Scott Memorial Cancer Research Fund  . Russell Wilson is returning to Texas Rangers camp this year ,  per Ft . Worth Star Telegram . Rangers selected him in 2013 Rule 5 draft . Martellus Bennett 6' 6 ,  273 lbs ... Rob Gronkowski 6' 6 ,  265 lbs ... And here are more big numbers  . Fighting words . RT @RosenhausSports If owners turn backs on players they will regret it and will be crushed in court just like tv  case  !  With an eye on the next CBA  . Colts have requested Roger Goodell place LB Josh McNary on the Leagues Commissioner Exemption list with charges against him pending . And this  . Even better ...   RT @cowboygreg Wait for the sequel 11 11 11.Bengals RB Cedric Benson is INactive . For all the talk about the CBs the Jets didn't land ,  the player Rex Ryan really wanted was DeMarcus Ware . And Jets didn't make a run at him . Last word on this Rodney Rhodes started when Rhodes spoke out against Pats . Then Rodney defended his old team ,  and war of words was on . Chargers inactives tonight include RB Mike Tolbert ,  G Kris Dielman ,  DE Luis Castillo ,  OLB Shaun Phillips . RT @espnnfcwest Injury updates Larry Fitzgerald ,  Vernon Davis    . One more for the summer reading list . RT @GeorgeAtallah A link to the full CBA can be found at  . Bucs worked out kickers Randy Bullock ,  Kai Forbath ,  Billy Cundiff but are re signing kicker Connor Barth . Vikings brace for one of the coldest games in NFL history ...  RT @Teddypinderass What are the chances Ed Reed signs with the texans  ?   ...  First visits usually   not always but usually   mean deals . UberTwitter  ?  !  ?  !  RT @YoungSimba28 Andy Dalton . Franchise quarterback  ?   ...  Possibly . For now ,  I'm going with very good young QB . Time to add to that . Before they even kick off tonight ,  Patriots are big winners . Broncos lose ,  Bengals lose . Class story of day Buccaneers announced today that they signed former Rutgers DT Eric LeGrand ,  who was paralyzed in 2010.Some details on the trade that will send LB Barkevious Mingo from Cleveland to New England ...  More @RSherman25 text to @Edwerderespn  ... from the fantastic game by my teammates ... That was not my intent.''Mike Shanahan said he recommended to Jeff Fisher that Rams sign RGIII ,  and RGIII called Shanahan to thank him for endorsement ,  per ESPN 980.Broncos NFL are in discussions about process of discipline for Matt Russell Tom Heckert . Broncos could impose discipline first . Carolina DE Frank Alexander suspended at least one year by NFL commissioner.Free agent S LaRon Landry suspended indefinitely . RT @RobDemovsky #Packers have re signed FB John Kuhn ,  per his agent.Interesting point on Revis situation . RT @AdamNYR OK ,  best CB in league ,  but he held out to get THIS deal when drafted . And @Mortreport reports Seahawks LT Russell Okung likely headed to IR with a designation to return for toe injury . Tomorrow is #WDD and honored to be a part of the @JDRFNYC 45th Annual Promise Ball to help raise awareness & funds  . As if that weren't bad enough ,  Cleveland also ranks 31st in the league in total offense and 32nd in the league in total defense . Rex Ryan left an all time self deprecating voice mail for each Jets season ticket holder ,  imploring them to cheer LOUD Sunday versus Pats . Dante Wesley of the Carolina Panthers has been suspended without pay for one game for that vicious hit Sunday . There's not a quieter day or NFL time than July 4. Which means only one thing . Brett Favre is about to ruin it . Filed to ESPN Big move for the Bengals o line Cincinnati reached agreement Saturday with veteran free agent guard Bobbie Williams . RT Do you think the Browns will have to trade up to get Griffin  ?   ...  Guess today   today   is RG3 will not last until the 4th pick . invite . Packers free agent CB Tramon Williams will visit the New Orleans Saints tonight ,  per source . Colts studied return of other great athletes and focused on Wayne Gretzky ,  who got a four minute standing O in Edmonton 25 years ago today . Another day ,  another missed practice . RT @RickMaese If you're just waking up ,  Albert Haynesworth didn't take his conditioning test today . Florida QB Tim Tebow has been in New England the past two days . And he's headed to Washington and Cleveland next week . Random question of day how does Tampa Bay finish fourth in NFC south yet Atlanta picks before Bucs in first round  ?  Entire Starcaps crew   Kevin Williams ,  Will Smith ,  Pat Williams ,  Charles Grant   have been suspended two games for violating league policy . Dolphins third release today Team announces it has suspended Richie Incognito for conduct detrimental to team . Steelers have suspended rookie defensive lineman Alameda Taamu ,  the team announced today . The suspension is effective  . Bears free agent DE Israel Idonije visited the Titans today . Dolphins locked up former Lions S Louis Delmas with a 1 year deal with a max value of 3.5 million ,  per source . Chiefs announced Friday that the club has released cornerback Dunta Robinson . Colts released inside linebacker DQwell Jackson . RT @cornelioguz ANY WORD ON CABLE  ?   ...  Doesn't it seem like we're always waiting for the Cable Guy  ?  And Al Davis ,  too  ?  No word yet . More inactives Saints RB Mark Ingram ,  Cardinals TE Todd Heap ,  Vikings CB Antoine Winfield . For now ,  Titans and CJ2K are not close to a deal and are not expected to be much closer by the end of the day . Stalemate continues . Terrell Suggs has biceps injury . Concern it could be torn but Suggs tweeted he's getting 2nd opinion . Suggs expected t  . So if Donovan McNabb is worth 78 million ,  what is Michael Vick worth  ?  DeAngelo Hall is the 19th player in NFL history with four INTs in a game and the first toaccomplish the feat since Deltha O'Neal in 2001.Rams now scheduled to hold 3 of the top 13 picks in the second round . Rams have picks at No . 33 ,  No . 39 ,  No . 45.DE Dwight Freeney is schedule to fly Thursday to Atlanta to sign a one year deal with Falcons ,  per source . From NFL spokesman Michael Signora on Jaguars' controversial win Inside of one minute remaining of either ...  I think we have our new post trade deadline Twitter topic . RT @gem1138 @AdamSchefter This Orton&gtCutler stuff is getting out of hand . Brandon Meriweather's 2 game suspension upheld . Final Super Bowl LI Injury Report  . Darrelle Revis' new contract with the Jets is a four year deal . Leonard Williams is first D player in last 10 combines to run sub 5.0 second 40 yard dash while measuring 65 or taller and 300 pounds . Latest on Plaxico Burress and how two likely landing spots are the Giants and Steelers . Always interesting to see who shows to ceremony . Former Bills LB Cornelius Bennett in the house to honor former Bills teammate Bruce Smith . RT @JosinaAnderson Dolphins have contacted Titans VP of Player Personnel Lake Dawson for a third interview for their vacant GM job . ESPN's NFL MVP poll Ryan unseats Brady for No . 1 spot . ESPN's 6 P.M . SportsCenter will be 50,000th time we have televised SportsCenter into homes of sports fans in the US . Thank you for watching . Former Browns Asst HC Pep Hamilton had accepted an offer to become Michigan's Asst HCpassing coordinator ,  per school source . Tony Dungy also has agreed to continue his work with Vick as an advisor and mentor . On his 5 million insurance policy ,  Cowboys LB Jaylon Smith now will collect an estimated 900K tax free payment ,  per source . Jeremy Lane failed his physical with Houston ,  per source . Trade now amended Duane Brown and a 2018 5th for Seattles 2018 3rd and 2019 2nd . Dolphins WR Jabar Gaffney is active today vs Jets . And now we start eliminating LJ landing spots No more Houston   Gary Kubiak's team sticking with its backs . Mounting evidence the Panthers will not tag DE Julius Peppers and he will test free agency . Panthers insist they've not reached a decision . Please RT this and help the families impacted by the horrific tragedy in CT by donating here  . Falcons' Dan Quinn optimistic WR Julio Jones will play Saturday vs Carolina . Updated Lions new offensive coordinator is the team's QB coach Jim Bob Cooter . If Eagles sign Bell ,  Saints would have seven days to match . Saints would not get compensation in return if they declined to match . Ravens best four players   Joe Flacco ,  Justin Forsett ,  Steve Smith ,  Terrell Suggs   now out for the year . Colts signed free agent running back Dominic Rhodes and placed defensive back Jerraud Powers on injured reserve with an arm injury . RT @NotoriousOHM Steve Smith says on his Facebook pg i WILL be in NJ to meet with the Giants this wk . We'll see what happens from there.ThoughDustin Keller tore ACL ,  PCL and MCL ,  he did not suffer nerve nor cartilage damage in his knee . Can try to mount comeback . Bears announced QB Jay Cutler will be out at least four weeks with torn groin muscle . Saints HC Sean Payton and GM Mickey Loomis now are planning to attend this week's NFL owners meetings . Payton had wave  . Snow a possibility for tonight's Patriots Broncos game and ,  as @MikeReiss reported ,  Patriots are 12 0 under Bill Belichick in snow games . ICYMI Terrell Davis reflects on his path to Canton and the Pro Football Hall of Fame . Countdown is on till the Saturday special 11 am NFL Countdown on ESPN . Some off season workout bonuses easily could be flushed away by the lockout  . RT @BlitzMSC Any interest in Mike Wallace from other teams  ?   ...  Not so far . Still could happen . But Pittsuburgh's gamble looking good . Geno Smith time . Steelers WR Plaxico Burress underwent season ending rotator cuff surgery today . Season ,  and possibly career ,  over . #KnowThemFromAdam ,  @TroyAikman Aikman about to broadcast his 5th Super Bowl after playing in three ...  Cowboys DE Greg Hardy ,  whose suspension was reduced from 10 to 4 games ,  still is considering appealing it . Decision to come early this week . Weekly Sunday night barbq at Schefter house . My family ,  wife's family ,  lots of family and food . Summer days like this make perfect nights .  . Get ready for 49ers top 2 picks ,  A.J . Jenkins and LaMichael James . 49ers fear Kyle Williams tore knee ligament ,  Kendall Hunter hurt ankle . Falcons have hired the search firm ,  Korn Ferry ,  to identify HC candidates in the event the team makes a HC change ,  via @mortreport and I . Players not tagged ,  not that they ever were going to be ,  include Sam Bradford ,  Ryan Fitzpatrick ,  Doug Martin ,  Lamar Miller ,  Janoris Jenkins . This is how we want to see @mortreport dressed for Sunday Countdown . Sharp look  !  Once Colin Kaepernick officially opts out of his contract Thursday ,  the 49ers won't have a single QB under contract . Free agent CB Aqib Talib reached agreement with the Patriots on a one year deal . Jets RBs Chris Ivory and Mike Goodson active tonight vs . Falcons . Jets finally get to see the backfield they envisioned . Robert Griffin III ,  Chris Clemons weren't only ones to undergo ACL surgery with Dr . James Andrews . Packers 1st rd pick Jerel Worthy also did . Bliss can be defined in many ways . These days I define it as a night of uninterrupted sleep . A blissful night ,  last night . Filed to ESPN Pro Bowl guard Alan Faneca reached agreement with Arizona on a one year ,  2.5 million deal . Nice pickup for the Cardinals . Patriots placed DL Jermaine Cunningham on injured reserve with a hamstring injury and also released DB Sterling Moore . NFL is suspending Ravens RB Ray Rice for the first two games this season ,  per sources . The suspension is expected to be announced today . Ravens owner Steve Bisciotti's response to ESPN OTL report . Let's stop with this ,  Tim Tebow in Philly is a media circus idea . The whole league is a media circus . Drew Rosenhaus signed first round pick Jared Odrick as a new client today . Correction New England was granted four compensatory picks   one in the sixth round and three in the seventh round . Browns ,  Eagles and 49ers begin their voluntary off season workout programs today . And so it begins . Or never really ends . One person familiar with WR Hakeem Nicks' fractured foot said it was more like a 4  to 6 week injury . Opener vs Dallas still in play . Sandra Hill ,  @DeAngeloRB's mom ,  was the inspiration for the NFL allowing players to wear pink cleats back in 2009.Chargers signed DT Tommie Harris to a one year contract Wednesday and placed S Bob Sanders on Reserve Injured with a knee injury . Super Bowl MVP on being thankful for his older brother ,  Steve Smith RT @MalcSmitty Happy Thanksgiving #12s  !  49ers Coach Harbaugh is not at the facility today under doctor's orders . He is having a minor procedure done at Stanf  . RT @mattmosley @AdamSchefter I do agree that Gordon's an intriguing prospect ,  but it's hard to imagine him as a  ...  Vikings QB Brett Favre has been named NFC Offensive Player of the Week for his 4 TD afternoon at Green Bay on Sunday . Youth & high school football programs you can earn equipment grants through @usafootball . Apply now at  . Browns GM never wavered on Alex Mack decision ...  RT @bvelaski Kevin Costner wasting little time . Broncos' hotel ,  Santa Clara Marriott ,  a throwback for Gary Kubiak . He watched 1983 draft there and celebrated 1st wedding anniversary there . Chargers' DE Joey Bosa likely out of season opener . Brandon Jacobs to reporters on Tom Brady's wife ,  Gisele Bundchen She just needs to continue to stay cute and shut up.Ten years ago today the late ,  great ,  Sean Taylor lost his life . Veteran OT Pat McQuistan tried out today for the OT needy Cardinals . Former Patriots LB Eric Alexander signed a 2 year deal with jaguars . Andrew Luck signed a fully guaranteed ,  four year ,  22.1 million contract . From inside the negotiating room Extension of labor talks with stopping of clock still more likely ,  but not finalized yet . Cam Newton went first ,  now Blaine Gabbert . Panthers coachesofficials will put Gabbert through a private workout Saturday in Missouri . Cowboys talked to Stanford DC Vic Fangio ,  who most thought ticketed to SF with Jim Harbaugh . If Texans ,  Ravens ,  Patriots all win out and finish 13 3 ,  Ravens will be 1 seed ,  Pats 2 ,  Texans 3 ,  according to ESPN researcher Vince Masi . Ronnie brown to lions for 2013 7th and jerome harrison . One of the surest ways to anger Ohio State fans ...  Vikings got the Browns picks in rounds 1 ,  4 ,  5 ,  7. Cleveland gets the No . 3 overall pick . Chip Kelly keeps remaking roster Eagles traded RB Dion Lewis to Browns for LB Emmanuel Acho . Texans RB Derrick Ward likely to start ,  but Ben Tate also will rotate in ,  and Houston will stay with who gets hot . John Clayton was just on ESPN saying Harvin expected to go . RT @TMchicago1 @AdamSchefter any word on whether Harvin plays yet  ?  Titans parted ways with VP of Player Personnel Lake Dawson ,  a GM finalist in other cities in recent seasons . Dolphins OT Branden Albert is inactive tonight ,  which means first round pick Laremy Tunsil now moves from starting LG to starting LT . More support 4 TJak RT @fboutsiders Replacing Jackson w Favre in Vikings lineup improves their projection in our system by about .2 wins . Titans WR Marc Mariani has an open fracture of the leg ,  bone broke thru skin ,  per source . Having surgery tonight . Lengthy recovery . Woodson is all class . RT @SIPeterKing Charles Woodson ,  you are a gem . Woodson donated 100,000 to hurricane relief . RT @noelonline First @AdamSchefter denied us Shanahan or Gruden ,  then nixed Bill Cowher . Now he says Gailey Whos he to decide  ?   ... Ain't me . AP reporting Joe Paterno will retire at end of season . Tom Brady will be happy Patriots are re signing center Dan Koppen ,  per league source . I love Scotch ,  scotchy scotch scotch . Here it goes down ,  down into my belly . Dallas Cowboys leaving their wives and girlfriends today to report to training camp in Oxnard ,  CA . Cowboys back . Colts announced they agreed to terms with former Broncos ,  Browns and 49ers safety Mike Adams . At @CourtyardHotels' DraftTown set up from 4 5pm . Please stop by and say hello if you're in town . #ad  . Something tells me Cincy is the favorite . RT @CinBengalsNFL Mike brown on t.o . It is up to him . We have interest . We are talking to him . Bucs officially activated rookie RB Charles Sims and waived WR Trindon Holliday . Cowboys have signed Ezekiel Elliott . And as @JayGlazer reported ,  Panthers and Browns have requested permission to interview Minnesota's George Paton for their GM jobs . Happy birthday to The Boss ,  and I don't mean @tunasweasel . Happy birthday ,  Bruce . On it goes ...  RT @geoffmosher As I'm driving up to Lehigh ,  Eagles announce signing of veteran G Evan Mathis . Notre Dame QB Jimmy Clausen scheduled to visit Buffalo ,  St . Louis and Cleveland after his Pro Day on April 9.A few pointers today for a future sportscaster at the @CourtyardNFL pod in #DraftExperience . #CourtyardNFL  . One week ago ,  Falcons needed CB help . In one week ,  they got vet CBs Tye Hill and Brian Williams for a 7th round pick . That's great work . As a rookie ,  LaDainian Tomlinson  held out 30 days ,  Quentin Jammer 50 ,  Philip Rivers 25 ,  Shawne Merriman 7. Joey Bosa holdout now at 16 days . Former Giants and Seahawks DT Rocky Bernard is visiting the Lions today . For those who don't know ,  Todd McShay was highly critical of Jimmy Clausen . For Clausen to speak with McShay was impressive . younger . MANZIEL  511 and  ,  207 with 9 78 hands.BRIDGEWATER  62 18 ,  214 with 9  hands.BORTLES  65 ,  232 with 9 38 hands . Wow ,  @mortreport is on it  !  Look who he's starting this weekend as his fantasy QB ...  much . Some stories virtually unattainable RT @shanestanley @AdamSchefter Still waiting for YOU to break news the Bears get a WR worth a spit . Not too early to give a game ball to Titans OC Mike Heimerdinger ,  who will begin chemo Monday after being diagnosed with cancer last week . RGIII scheduled to work out Tuesday for LA Chargers ,  per league source . Been training in Florida with former Browns asst . Pep Hamilton . NFL cleared former Dolphins G Richie Incognito on Monday for return to full activity and regular season game participation ,  per NFL source . Dolphins have signed veteran guard Randy Thomas and waived wide receiver Ryan Grice Mullen . One of the good guys . RT @damienwoody Just informed about my release . Want to thank Jets and all the fans out there . it was a great ride  !  Friday 10 Spot What if @JimIrsay and the Colts opted to keep Peyton Manning  ?   Johnny Manziels 2nd agent this off season ,  Drew Rosenhaus ,  informed Manziel either he gets treatment or he no longer will represent him . Giants CB Janoris Jenkins may be shut down for season to undergo ankle surgery . Actual name of show was That's The Way It Was   Remembering Walter Cronkite . Must see TV . And now Bucs GM Jason Licht is trying to get HC Lovie Smith in on the ritual ...  Former Bills WR David Nelson reached agreement on a one year deal with the Cleveland Browns . Jets WR Brandon Marshall ,  questionable with ankle and toe injuries ,  plans to play today vs . Jaguars ,  per source . Filed to ESPN Bills interested in Mike Shanahan   and others . Mike Tyson's face tattoo artist is asking Federal District Court in St . Louis to stop Hangover 2 from using the tattoo to promote its movie . Trending the right way for Sam Bradford to be able to play Monday night vs Bears  . RT @NFLfootballinfo Jets rushed for 316 yards today & are 2nd team since 1960 to post 300 rushing yards in consecutive games  Buffalo 1975 .Some VERY sensitive people when it comes to LeBron . RT @ToddCHartman GET A LIFE  !   LEBRON IS NOT LEAVING CLEVELAND . A story well worth watching tonight Trent Richardson   E60 profile . It airs at 10 pm et on ESPN . Son of late Derrick Thomas relishes the chance to try out with the Chiefs . Lions waived OT Ephraim Salaam and claimed OT Maurice Williams on waivers from Jacksonville . Williams returns to Michigan . CBS TV just reported the Colts think WR Austin Collie suffered only a concussion ,  which in this case would be a good thing . RT @jparf When would drafted NFL rookies be allowed to sign contracts if there is no CBA  ?   ...  When there is a CBA . RT @Jordan101GFX Has Housh signed with Minny or not  ?  Hearing two reports .  ...  As of yet ,  he has not even spoken with the Vikings . Chiefs claimed former Pats OT Ryan O'Callaghan on waivers . So did Eric Mangini's Browns ,  but Chiefs had a higher waiver priority . A group of Packers' corporate partners ,  led by Associated Bank ,  bought remaining tickets for Sunday's game . Sellout ,  no blackout . NY Post credited some surprise winners from Jets win Sunday . Marcus Mariota ,  no picks again today . Six straight practices without an INT . Streak lives on . FOX just reported another concussion for RB Brian Westbrook   that's not good . Carolina granted three compensatory picks   two in the sixth round and one in the seventh . Jets' management fully aware of the unhappiness about GM John Idzik both outside and inside the organization . Redskins rookie Brian Orakpo voted to the Pro Bowl   quite the honor . Two candidates for the Jaguars HC job are expected to be 49ers OC Greg Roman and Rams OC Brian Schottenheimer . An arbitrator ruled today that Lane Kiffin lost his two year old grievance against the Raiders for unpaid salary . Raiders have signed fullback Marcel Reece to a three year contract extension . #MadMoney . New Chiefs WR AJ Jenkins has this year and next   about 1.8 million   of guaranteed salaries that KC needs to pick up . Packers LT Chad Clifton is inactive today . To everyone apart of the best fraternity there is ,  Happy Father's Day . Buffalo is hiring former Broncos OC Rick Dennison as its offensive coordinator ,  per source . Big hire for Bills . And now the Texans have an agreement with TE C.J . Fiedorowicz on a three year extension ,  as @MarkBermanFox26 reported . Lots of questions on status of various Colts they don't play till 415 EST . Won't know official status until 90 minutes before kickoff . Before landing a deal with the Ravens ,  S Ken Hamlin was on Hell's Kitchen on Tuesday night as one of its celebrity dinner guests . And so the first two picks ,  in one form or another ,  will be Jared Goff and Carson Wentz . Friday's best at NFL training camps . Atlanta's Dan Quinn now will be coaching in his third Super Bowl in past four seasons  Seahawks DC in 2013 and 2014 ,  Falcons HC in 2016 .NFL does not see any need to reopen any settlement talks with Tom Brady and the NFLPA ,  per league source . NFL ...  Giants CB Dominique Rodgers Cromartie  concussion  and WR Victor Cruz  calf  both were ruled out for Thursday night vs . Redskins . Nobody cares about anybody else's team ,  esp when it's awful . RT @packersbacker @AdamSchefter so how's your fantasy football team doing  ?  Lions are the first team in NFL history to win three games in a single season in which it trailed by at least 17 points . Raiders owner Mark Davis sounds like a man ready to move his team to Las Vegas  . Confirmed Pats released LB Tully Banta Cain . No surprise but Pittsburgh will place its franchise tag on LB LaMarr Woodley . It has until Feb . 23 to do so . Browns announced they placed DL Phil Taylor  knee  on injured reserve and signed LB Keith Pough from practice squad go active roster . Should Denver and Colin Kaepernick agree to a restructured contract ,  Broncos then expected to trade mid round pick to SF to complete deal . Bengals re signed K Randy Bullock . Snowing in Carolina ... Raiders believe this season ,  and situation ,  will be different . NY Jets just traded up for USC RB Joe McKnight . #nfldraft . Seahawks RB Thomas Rawls broke his ankle and is out for the season . Today is first day NFL teams can use their franchise tag . Last year an all time high 21 teams did ,  breaking mark of 14 in 2009 and 2011.Seahawks make it official and announce hiring of head coach Pete Carroll . Eagles acquire 2 overall and a 4th round pick in 2017 from CLeV . Browns receive 8th overall pick ,  a 3rd  #77 ...  Rob Gronkowski's one game suspension will cost him 281,250 in lost salary . Jets just drafted Baylor's Robert Griffin . Truly . The guard ,  not the quarterback . Robert T . Griffin . NFL fined Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch 20,000 for an obscene gesture after his TD in Sunday's NFC Championship ...  already  !  Texans' HC Bill O'Brien makes it very clear he intends to return to coach Houston in 2017. RT @Dreshspesh @AdamSchefter  @bestbuddies Give me it for a 1000 !  . We have a winner  !  Congratulations  !  I will follow you and arrange . TY  !  Jets WR Braylon Edwards on his drop . That's definitely going to be on the blooper reel or Monday Night Football's 'C'mon ,  man ! ' Gary Kubiak said WR Andre Johnson has a lung contusion and will undergo more tests this week and be day to day for Sunday vs . Buffalo . Reggie Bush is active ,  Pierre Garcon is active . The chains are tangled . Ok . Ravens shuffle reserve QBs ,  sign journeyman Josh Woodrum ...  Rams worked out five wide receivers last weekend . The one who blew them away is the one they will be picking at No . 33.With 49ers QB Alex Smith out 2 3 weeks with his shoulder injury ,  Troy Smith will start against Denver in London on Sunday . Seahawks placed WR Mike Hass on injured reserve and signed G Trevor Canfield from the Cardinals practice squad . Initial tests showed Patriots RB Rex Burkhead did not tear his ACL ,  per league source . He could miss a little time  . True . Moss is Q . RT @JeffVT03 @AdamSchefter is it true moss is questionable with a back  ?  Do you think he will play  ?  Jaguars RB Chris Ivory will be back at practice today on a limited basis . Tony Romo needs to be back for next Sunday Cowboys Giants winner will be NFC East winner . Busy day in Broncosland . Lose RB Knowshon Moreno to Miami and LB Shaun Phillips to Tennessee ,  as @MikeGarafolo first reported . Today marks 15 years to day when Tom Brady made first career start for Pats in home game vs . Peyton Manning and Col  . Due to his hip injury ,  Bills WR Percy Harvin is not expected to play Sunday in London vs . Jaguars ,  per source . Picked a good day to be at Jets camp . Joe Namath schedule to be in the house . RT @NFLFanHouse  Colt McCoy's listed as Questionable  I Don't Wanna  against Pittsburgh . Never seen that one before . There it is . RT @mortreport Cedric Benson is in Green Bay ,  expected to sign with Packers ,  per sources . CB Drayton Florence to the Panthers on a 1 yr deal . WR Eddie Royal ,  however ,  is active for the Broncos . Moments away from Sunday Headlines with @Mortreport and me . Here's what the Knicks owe Carmelo Anthony 101,606,280 million more . Isn't that enough  ?  They don't owe him anything more . Arizona and SF each put in a waiver claim for former Dolphins LB Jamaal Westerman ,  who was awarded to Cardinals . Chargers released K Josh Lambo ,  per source . Plan is to go w Younghoe Koo ,  who is from South Korea and didn't speak English until he was 12.Steve Young is pointing to 49ers as potential landing spot for Matthew Hasselbeck . I think he going to San Francisco ,  Young said on ESPN . RT @MikeReiss Mike Shanahan a guest at today's practice . He addressed the Pats briefly after stretching drills . In past 48 hours ,  Eagles have added Cullen Jenkins ,  Nnamdi Asomugha ,  Dominique Rodgers Cromartie and extra second  and fifth round picks . The St . Louis Rams and QB Sam Bradford will not have a contract in place before the draft   both sides' decision . Trade now official Dallas Cowboys acquired tackle Alex Barron in a trade today from St . Louis Rams for linebacker Bobby Carpenter . Vikings RB Adrian Peterson returning to practice today designated to return from IR . Today is first time that referee Gene Steratore will work a Cowboys game since he made the call on the Dez Bryant  . Bills announced they habe re signed K Dan Carpenter . Which one is Andrew Luck and which one is Nikola Mirotic  ?  RT @MikeReiss Wes Welker  knee  present at start of practice today . Looked limited in his participation ,  but a good sign for Pats . A run off win . Just like everyone expected III RT @TGB3 16 4 if you add the Bengals . I've got the same dilemna in my FF draft at #2 ,  only I'd also include MJD . RT @ElJackoSupreme Pick AP ,  The Burner ,  or Forte @ #2 . RT @drewbrees Never thought this would happen ,  but I am writing a book . A great opportunity to make a difference in the lives of many . Former Seahawks RB Christine Michael is now subject to waivers . Thirty one teams have shot to claim him Wednesday . A naysayer ...  RT @AdamSchein Phil Simms on Andrew Luck i'm sorry . i just don't see big time NFL throws.Ravens announced they reached agreement with former Raiders S Michael Huff ,  the man to replace Ed Reed . Before signing off for the night ,  wanted to wish Twitterverse a Happy Thanksgiving   the kickoff to this great holiday season . An update from OT Mike Adams ...  RT @Channel75live I had an angel lookin out for me  !  Ill be ok just gotta fight to get back harder then ever . Per @vxmcclure23 ,  Falcons DT Ra'Shede Hageman fractured his wrist in fight.He's back back back . Jets signed free agent wide receiver Laveranues Coles . I like this tweet RT @Agent003x @AdamSchefter The general rule is that If you don't answer then the question wasn't interesting enough . Dolphins envision Dion Jordan and Cameron Wake being for Miami what Von Miller and Elvis Dumervil were for Denver before fax paus . Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch ,  listed as questionable with hamstring injury ,  is expected to play today vs . Panthers . Former Oakland CB Stanford Routt reached agreement with the Kansas City Chiefs . And on the same day the Seahawks signed Kregg Lumpkin ,  they also hosted a visit for former Cardinals guard Deuce Lutui . On ESPN New York 98.7 FM ,  on The Mike Lupica ,  Giants co owner John Mara heard a clip of Jerry Jones' comments to Cowbo  . Raiders HC Jack Del Rio did not rule out turning to QB Matt McGloin in second half ,  but Connor Cook in to open third quarter . Colts signed former Cowboys running back Phillip Tanner.Pete Carroll said Seahawks will place WR Sidney Rice on injured reserve today . Former 49ers defensive back Marcus Hudson signed a 1 year deal with the Panthers today . Casserly said he hadn't talked to anyone from Browns . Of course if he were talking with Ernie Accorsi about the Browns ,  that would be right . So far Michael Vick is only designated exclusive franchise player no one else can sign him . Other franchise players cost two 1's to sign . On ESPN radio ,  @MelKiperESPN is making Tastykakes sound like they should be Houston's No . 1 overall pick . Dolphins free agent running back Reggie Bush is scheduling a visit with the Detroit Lions . Cardinals ,  Bengals also interested . Browns cut K Shaun Suisham and waived DB John Bowie ,  the player the Raiders drafted with the 4th round pick they got for Randy Moss . Jeremy Maclin ,  LeSean McCoy ,  Desean Jackson now all former Eagles . Not a more interesting team and situation . Four of the five rookie QBs led their teams to victory Sunday . Only one who didn't was Andrew Luck . RT @7DeucePuch Who do you see the 49ers targeting in FA ,  if anyone at all  ?   ...  Push to re sign their own ,  then add a WR . Instead of trading up ,  SF is trading back . Trading pick to Denver . Broncos offense about to get more potent . A Super Bowl guarantee Indianapolis will be a great host . Some #KnowThemFromAdam weekend listening WR Jeremy Maclin on the Chiefs ,  TE Greg Olsen on his future ...  RT @mortreport Owners anticipated Doty's ruling have their appeal ready ... naturally . RT @DrewLitton Very Poignant touching Phil Mickelson cartoon now online at  . Along with Brandon Weeden ,  undrafted free agent QB Darron Thomas is going to be participating in Browns rookie minicamp this weekend . Browns released Billy Cundiff with an injury settlement . He sprained his knee in practice Thursday . Sounds very much like Miami needs to be included in list of teams that is considering a waiver claim for Randy Moss . #KnowThemFromAdamBrowns LT @joethomas73 discusses almost being dealt to Denver and his future in Cleveland ...  RT @CMonManESPN C'Mon Man  !  will be back Monday at 7et ... we'll be doing worst from this weekend's preseason games ... send us suggestions here . During instances of alleged harassment ,  Dolphins OT Jonathan Martin did not go to Joe Philbin to voice concerns about how he was treated . RT @GregABedard Packers reached an injury settlement and then released Allen Barbre ,  the team's 4th round pick in 2007.An investigation into the below tweet   not from me   has determined it came from @wingoz ,  who texted ,  I can neith  . Seahawks just signed their top pick ,  Malik McDowell ,  to four year deal . RT @espnnfcnblog    Every NFC playoff scenario for Week 17    . Gary Kubiak leaving a lasting imprint on Broncos' organization . I'm not only one who remembers him . RT @HayDay97 Shut up  !  Scottie works for the Steelers  ?  I remember when he took my playbook rookie year . MRI revealed Ben Roethlisberger did not tear his ACL ,  but he sprained his MCL and now is expected to miss probably 6 weeks ,  per source . Broncos Pro Bowl LT Ryan Clady tore his left ACL during practice Wednesday and is likely to miss the 2015 season ,  a league source told ESPN . collect . In season firings not as rare as you'd think Bills fired HC Dick Jauron last season after nine games . RT @evansilva ESPN's Mortensen suggests Mike Evans as trade up target for 49ers . Mort hearing Niners could be very aggressive in draft.NFL voided contract extension Sean Payton agreed to with Saints ,  making him a free agent after this season . Former Lions LB Stephen Tulloch is expected to sign with Eagles ,  per source . Jets finished No . 1 in the NFL in total defense ,  passing defense ,  points allowed and rushing offense . This is working  ?  !  ?  !  Brian Cushing's attorney Harvey Steinberg just released a statement to ESPN Brian Cushing regretfully ...  Ten years ago today ,  Allen Iverson was talking about practice . Practice ,  man . Practice . Josh Norman named Week 10 NFLPA Community MVP for raising funds to create youth enrichment programs and launching a  . Had to leave now to get back for Sunday NFL Countdown   work to do . RT @WolverineTim @AdamSchefter Are you going to the Michigan game  ?  Cutler's neighborhood RT @brianmcintyre Five notable QB extensions in '13 were Ryan ,  Flacco ,  Rodgers ,  Romo & Brady . Avg guarantee 55.2MFriday 10 Spot Time to pay more attention to the Bills and Lions ,  plus other NFL news and notes .   Eagles officially sign QB Michael Vick to a one year contract . He was designated as the team's franchise player on Feb 15.Panthers and QB Cam Newton are on verge of a lucrative multi year extension ,  league sources told ESPN . The ...  Former FBI Director Robert S . Mueller III will conduct an independent investigation Ray Rice incident ,  Commissioner Roger Goodell announced . As promised ,  L.T . playing for San Diego . Seeing L.T . in a preseason game is almost as odd as seeing Michael Vick in an Eagles uniform . TE Ernest Wilford has re signed a one year deal with the Jaguars . Context on Kaepernick visiting Seahawks today . Seattle doing background on QBs ,  no move expected today ,  nothing imminent ,  standard visit . With trade deadline Tuesday ,  teams around league have contacted Carolina to inquire about RB DeAngelo Williams . Panthers willing to listen . RT @espnnfcnblog MIN WR Berrian limped off field during second series and rode a cart into locker room . We'll let you know when we know . Colts gave kicker Adam Vinatieri a two year ,  6 million deal that includes 1 million guaranteed ,  per source . Special off season edition of NFL Power Rankings  . Paul Dr . Z Zimmerman's condition has declined . Please post a comment on his wife's website to uplift their spirits  . Robert Mueller's investigation of the handling of Ray Rice case is expected to be completed by end of this month ,  per a league source . Chiefs DT Glenn Dorsey will be visiting the 49ers . For playing this game ,  I really do . RT @EVndrVssn @adamschefter why not just go super safe and say you respect them all . Raiders C Rodney Hudson now undergoing X rays on his ankle . Raiders say his return is Q . Dolphins QB coach Zac Taylor is Miami's new offensive coordinator ,  per source . Replaces fired OC Bill Lazor . Don't care who has spotted Vick where in NY ,  I'll believe he's in BuffaloRochester when I see it . I'm not buying . RT @NotoriousOHM    New York Giants WR Hakeem Nicks will play despite hammy issue   ESPN New York  . RT @sabrescup07 frank world of buffalo , ny funeral today.killed in afghanistan . beautiful ceremony ,  a true heros goodbye.pray for his family . Rams placed CB Cortland Finnegan and QB Brady Quinn on IR . Rams re signed wide receiver Mark Clayton . Friday Blitz GB without Aaron Rodgers ,  and what teams might be able to sustain such a significant loss . Despite his rib injury ,  Browns running back Trent Richardson is expected to play today vs . San Diego . No idea how to get it RT @ScottFarkus @adamschefter   How about post of commercial  ?   Dont worry ,  its not self promotion if WE ask for it . RT @ArmanisFinest any update on O.J Atogwe  ?   ...  About to give one on ESPN's NFL Live . Please tune in . Filed to ESPN Philadelphia traded wide receiver Reggie Brown to Tampa Bay for the Buccaneers sixth round pick in 2011.Eagles make it official ,  announce LeSean McCoy for Kiko Alonso trade now complete . Chiefs are first team not to hold a lead during a game in first 7 games since 1929 Buffalo Bisons ,  via Elias . Bisons folded after 1929.Chargers TE Randy McMichael will start tonight for Antonio Gates . WR Malcom Floyd will play tonight WR Legedu Naanee will not . Might not be the last time this is written  . Patriots gave former Rams WR Danny Amendola's a five year ,  31 million deal that includes 10 million guaranteed . As of last week ,  Colts were not optimistic Andrew Luck would be able to play Sunday vs . Houston doctors will have their say this week . Colts WR TY Hilton ,  who also could be in line for a new contract this off season ,  has re hired agent Drew Rosenhaus . For the first Sunday in five months ,  there's no pre game show and no football . Got the shakes . Need the patch . #bettergetusedtothis . Bengals today designated K Mike Nugent as the teams franchise player . The last time the Patriots were below .500 was following a Week 1 loss to Buffalo in 2003.An early look at the off season QB market . Raiders are moving their 1st round draft pick ,  safety Karl Joseph ,  into starting lineup today vs . Ten ,  per source . Packers and Steelers have expressed interest in former Giants RB Ahmad Bradshaw . Saints had Marcus Allen address team last night three Saints RBs were wearing Allens Raiders jersey ,  three wearing Allens KC jersey . Please attend Saturday #ASW @Frames in NYC . Help #StrikeOutType1 #juvenilediabetes . Bowl & make a difference.RT @FirstTeamTommy I thought they'd only be on hook for 700K for the last 8 games  ?   ...  Haynesworth has 1 mil bonus for 20 pct play time . Steelers announced they have placed wide receiver Mike Wallace ,  offensive tackle Mike Adams and cornerback Curtis Brown on IR . CB Nnamdi Asomugha is signing a 1 yr deal with 49ers worth 1.35 million in base salary ,  but get this He didn't want ANY guaranteed money . If it's a Letterman intern ,  maybe .  RT @BigManRidesBike @AdamSchefter any truth Adam to si for @SIPeterKing and an intern to be named  ?  NFL suspended free agent WR Reggie Williams for two games and free agent DE Erasmus James indefinitely for prior transgressions . Bears LB Jerrell Freeman suspended for next four games for violating NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . Special teams coach Joe Decamillis leaving Denver for Jacksonville ,  per source . Broncos lose Decamillis and Wade Phillips . Chargers HC Mike McCoy announced today that John Pagano will be the teams defensive coordinator . A different kind of history So now Texans LB Brian Cushing is the first NFL player ever to win the Rookie of the Year twice . Tennessee for Moss . Done . Steelers and Antonio Brown have reached agreement on deal to make him highest paid WR in NFL ,  per sources . Actual football debate ESPN.com ranks the game's top 10 current RBs .  Jets fear CB Dee Milliner tore his Achilles' tendon ,  and G Brian Winters suffered season ending ACL tear . Both have MRIs today . Chiefs re signing LB Josh Mauga to a 3 year deal worth close to 8 million ,  per source . Seahawks CB Walter Thurmond is facing a four game suspension for violating NFL Policy for Substances of Abuse ,  as @RapSheet reported . Work starts now and goes through a special midnight NFL Live   fear it might be a three shave day . And 100% of proceeds received by Chiefs and NFL from Be Bold Be Brave Be Berry shirts will be directed to the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society . Brad Childress said WR Sidney Rice is coming off PUP today . He still is thought to be a couple weeks away from being ready to play . RT @BigKabash What are the rules about signing undrafted free agents  ?   ...  They're hurt by this . They cannot sign until there's a new CBA . To sign up for ESPN's fantasy football leagues . Vikings have clinched NFC North . Seahawks' RB Eddie Lacy has his second Seattle weigh in today . If he weighs 250 pounds or less   cha ching 55,000. That's a lot of pizza . Anyone that hasn't seen it should watch the Nick Schuyler story on Real Sports . Riveting . Stunning . Heartbreaking . Tremendous storytelling . Tony Romo ,  Drew Brees and Ben Roethlisberger were the top 3 QBs in completion percentage last season . Now ,  for time being ,  all 3 on shelf . No surprise but Redskins QB @RGIII diagnosed with a concussion . As @briancoz and ESPN Dallas report ,  Cowboys have fired DC Rob Ryan . 3 DB drafted in top 10 for first time since 2005  Adam Jones ,  Antrel Rolle ,  Carlos Rogers .Nothing has changed on Cardinals QB Kevin Kolb He is not expected to play today vs . St . Louis . John Skelton the expected starter . NFL reviewing all aspects of Terrelle PryorChiefs fans incident on Monday night ,  per league spokesman ,  including what took place in stands . Dolphins are re siging DT Randy Starks to a two year ,  12 million deal ,  as @MikeGarafolo reported . Pats announced that WR Wes Welker has been placed on injured reserve and LB Thomas Williams has been signed from practice squad . Who wants to be in this country club  ?  Cowboys are 4 9 in their last 13 games . Since Week 13 last year ,  only 4 teams have a worse record . Mort & Schefter's Week 3 notebook Is Aqib Talib a Hall of Famer ? And Jacksonville starts the QB run with Blake Bortles . Wow ... Alert OCNN Bengals expected to sign Larry Johnson tonight . He will be an insurance policy for rest of season   no guarantees . RT @RichCimini Jets inactives are up Former No . 1 pick Vernon Gholston inactive for first time this season . RB J . McKnight also inactive . kicking . Woman who posted video of former Dolphins OL coach Chris Foerster explains why she did it . 49ers HC Jim Harbaugh on QB situation I usually tend to go with the guy that has the hot hand and we have two that have a hot hand.It's unanimous   and on till 8 RT @NJGiants Totally agree . RT @ManishMehta1 Jon Gruden ESPN pieces with QB draft prospects are fantastic . 10 years ago this week ,  Pat Tillman lost his life . His platoon mates recall that tragic day and mistake someone ...  RT @LanceOSU Can new rookies receive playbooks upon getting drafted or is that not allowed without a CBA  ?   ...  Not allowed . Photo op only . Big blow to KC Chiefs RB Jamaal Charles tore his ACL and is out for the year ,  according to a source familiar with the situation . So sad . RIP . RT @cnnbrk Actor Gary Coleman has died after being hospitalized following brain hemorrhage  . Jets WR Devin Smith tore his ACL and is out for the season . RT @MrChaseKing Do Jags have a chance in their division ,  being that colts are out ,  or all Texans  ?   ...  Texans 1 ,  Titans 2. But we'll see . To make room for LenDale White ,  the Broncos waived former Chiefs running back Kolby Smith . Oklahoma St . WR Dez Bryant's Pro Day today is The Biggest Pro Day since ... since ... Oklahoma QB Sam Bradford's yesterday . Super Bowl XLIX was watched by an average of 114.4 million viewers ,  making it the most watched telecast in television history . Giants say WR Odell Beckham Jr suffered an ankle injury . Undergoing further testing . So Texans get Brock Osweiler AND Lamar Miller . Eagles release LB DeMeco Ryans . RT @ProFootballTalk So checking Twitter is keeping you awake during baseball talk on Mike & Mike  ?   ...  Know when to give the mike to Mike . Best headline of the young season ...  As of tonight ,  Bengals would be AFC's No . 1 seed and Broncos would be No . 2. Four weeks left to decide it . Fear is Ravens TE Dennis Pitta fractured and dislocated his hip for third time in four years . If so ,  NFL career likely would be over . Steelers released the beard ,  Brett Keisel . Late Bengals WR Chris Henry to have his HS number retired tonight during halftime ceremony  . Redskins free agent TE Fred Davis is scheduled to visit Bills on Wednesday . Jets and Redskins also interested . Redskins placed following players on the ActivePhysically Unable to Perform listS DeAngelo HallTE Jordan ReedWR Kendal Thompson . Cardinals RB Beanie Wells is inactive . More losses . RT @holli1re Also Marquis Cooper and Corey Smith ... Peyton Manning aggravated right high ankle sprain he originally suffered against Jacksonville . Expected to play . So Reggie Wayne is in Foxboro ,  league sources tell ESPN ... Because the Patriots Colts rivalry needed just a little more juice . Heading into Pittsburgh today ,  Cardinals on pace to score NFL single season record of 608 points . Bruce Arians will want plenty vs . Pitt . Bucs will be without WR Vincent Jackson  knee  and TE Austin Seferian Jenkins  shoulder   both listed as doubtful  against Falcons today . Can't believe what I just saw ... Browns are signing G Joel Bitonio to a monster extension ,  per source . Rookie QBs Cody Kessler ,  Dak Prescott ,  Carson Wentz and possibly Jacoby Brissett all expected to start week 3. No more suspense ,  no more drama . The Michael Vick Experience  in a different form  resumes Thursday night . Vick will play . Seahawks' RB Marshawn Lynch practiced today wearing a blue No . 31 jersey in honor of holdout safety Kam Chancellor . Duane Brown's timing is good . Texans LT Chris Clark has a calf injury expected to sideline him for a week or two . Brown could step in . So far oddsmakers have established Denver as anywhere from a 1  to 3 point favorite over Seattle in Super Bowl 48.Not sure when he officially will accept offer or what his title will be ,  but Mike Holmgren will run the Cleveland Browns in 2010.Email from Denver friend This town has never been more excited about a team since the run in the 90's . I've never seen anything like it.When word leaked Monday that Indy was interviewing Chuck Pagano ,  one NFL source guaranteed Pagano would land the job . Source knew his stuff . And there we go ...  Imagine this one RT @dallascowboys Hey @KingJames ,  were thinking the same thing  . RT @NFLprguy @AdamSchefter actually ,  Brunell's youth  39  may have thrown off Carney . Carney's holder last year   Feagles  42  . Free agent S Taylor Mays has been suspended for the first 4 games of the 2016 season ,  per source . Colts gave WR T.Y . Hilton a five year ,  65 million deal ,  per source . FB Henry Hynoski is returning to the Giants on a 1 year ,  1M deal . RT @mwl1977 do you when they releasing the NFL schedule  ...  It would be a surprise if it weren't this week . Packers placed T Derek Sherrod ,  T JC Tretter and DE Jerel Worthy on PUP . Jordan Matthews says Eagles are 'going to be a great passing team' ...  Long live the King   Today would have been Elvis' 75th birthday . Dean Blandino said Calvin Johnson Rule ,  in effect w Dez Bryant ,  will be reviewed this winter . Changes could be recommended to comp comm . So manuy responses . Thank you to all and RT @SamHam7 @sanjayguptaCNN  . Turns out Jeremy Jarmon flew to Aspen on Saturday to have dinner w Jim Zorn  Dan Snyder . Still a rookie ,  and already jet setting in Aspen . DT Kevin Vickerson is re signing a two year deal with the Denver Broncos . Bears are signing former Broncos LB Danny Trevathan ,  per source . Jerry Jones amongst owners trying to hijack Roger Goodells extension ,  per @mortreport and me . More on ESPN ...  Matt Birk ,  Lofa Tatupu ,  Sean Morey RT @KSnG Who r the NFL plrs that donated their body 2 science 2 learn more about concussions  ?  Packers TE Jermichael Finley has an MRI on his knee scheduled for tomorrow ,  but initial diagnosis is that all ligaments appear intact . Robert Kraft live on ESPN in a matter of moments . Moments ago ,  Alfred Morris' agent ,  @seanstellato ,  confirmed the former Redskins' RB will sign a two year deal with the Dallas Cowboys . Chargers have agreed to a new three year contract with center Nick Hardwick . AFC picture coming into focus If Jets beat Bengals ,  they're in . If Ravens beat Raiders ,  they're in . Broncos ,  Texans ,  Steelers need help . As expected ,  Cowboys RB DeMarco Murray and DE DeMarcus Ware both inactive . As @JayGlazer reported ,  Dolphins have agreed to trade CB Vontae Davis to Colts . Mystery solved . RB Knownshon Moreno's deal with Denver ,  finally ,  is done . not . Browns transition tagged center Alex Mack signed his five year ,  42M offer sheet that includes 26M guaranteed with the Jaguars . There are elementary school children with fewer rules than Dez Bryant . A group of owners ,  including Jerry Jones ,  is trying to hijack Roger Goodells proposed extension ,  per @mortreport and me . More today on ESPN . ESPN's Curtis Painter  Donald Brown   Erik Kuselias and I   now on air for ESPN's Peyton Manning and Reggie Wayne   Mike and Mike . Former 49ers' and Jaguars' QB Blaine Gabbert is signing a one year deal with the Arizona Cardinals ,  per source . Longest odds to win Super Bowl  a la Leicester City  per @BovadaLVTitans  100149ers   1001Browns 1001Bucs      751Chargers 661 . RT @sneakerheadjdm Do you see Pryor going as 1st overall  ?   ...  No ,  Drew Rosenhaus . My sense is he goes in 5th or 6th round . One final bit of perspective . RT @Patmon3 Team that drafted Henne at home watching team that drafted Ryan  !  The penalties for any teams that violate the NFL's new concussion protocol  . An all time day for L.T . RT @ccpearce  Best thing that happened to LT today wife told him she was pregnant . Been trying for a LONG time . These are the things I wonder on a night when my invite to the ESPYs must have gotten lost in the mail . RT @JeremySchaap Tonight at 9 ET on ESPN2 ,  a 30 minute E60 profile of Aaron Rodgers ,  produced by @yarondeskalo ...  some good stuff . NFL ownership expected to approve Jimmy Haslam's purchase of the Browns at its October meeting ,  if not sooner . But no obstacles expected . Lions claimed former Raiders CB Patrick Lee on waivers today and waived CB Alphonso Smith . Some messages worth RTing .. @jdscott Good thing the deal is close . I was getting tired of calling him Knowshow Moreno . 12 Nine players have agreed to be Name Plaintiffs in pending antitrust action if union decertifies . Some intriguing names ... Vikings QB Brett Favre on whether he will play Sunday I would say right now I don't know ... I'm willing to give it a try.In Washington ,  fittingly ,  DeAngelo Hall lobbying Redskins like mad to return punts this season . If he wants it ,  he can have it . RT @cevans48 @AdamSchefter Adam ,  keep hearing talk of Mike Holmgren in Berea ,  OH .  What have you heard  ?  Michael Vick and the Eagles needed each other for 2013. It's a win win . They succeed ,  they stay together . They don't they break up . Things change After saying he wasn't expected to go ,  Jaguars just called to say Mike Sims Walker ran and worked out and is going to go.Turns out Bill Belichick coached Derrick Burgess before   in Pro Bowl 2 years ago . Belichick  Al Davis been talking deal deal since April . Seahawks have traded an undisclosed future draft choice to the Jacksonville Jaguars in exchange for defensive tackle D'Anthony Smith . Detroit Lions have waived injured former No . 2 overall pick ,  OT Greg Robinson . Richard Sherman Apology from Dan Carpenter's wife over castration tweet 'BS' . Painfully packed them up ,  @MichelleDBeadle ,  along with the pictures of Kornheiser and Wilbon . Room has lost all character and characters . More changes in Seattle Titans hired former Seahawks VP of player personnel Ruston Webster as their VP of player personnel . Denver and Houston shape up as the two primary potential landing spots for free agent QB Brock Osweiler . Vince Young just threw an INT . A bad one ,  too . A Gregg Williams' text is likely to be part of the evidence the suspended Saints use during today's appeal  . Packers already have ruled out Lb Clay Matthews for Sunday's game vs . Titans . Scot McCloughan not out yet as Niners GM . If he were ,  team would issue a press release . And it sounds like no release is forthcoming . Bengals hired former Dolphins OC Bill Lazor as quarterbacks coach and former Dolphins DC Kevin Coyle as defensive backs coach . I believe Michael Vick was just spotted in a foursome just outside Dallas with Elvis ,  Amelia Earhart and Jimmy Hoffa . Jameis Winston not charged after sexual assault investigation . And there it is ,  tough blow for Pats ...  RT @MikeReiss Filed to ESPN Source says RB Stevan Ridley tore his ACL and MCL . Texans confirmed Arian Foster and Brooks Reed are active . Patriots signed former Bills WR Donald Jones . As horns honk at our bus in New Orleans ,  our cameraman Rick says ,  Everybody's excited !  To which our bus driver says ,  Everybody but me.Only two players eligible for supplemental draft so far are Georgia RB Caleb King and N . Illinois DB Tracy Wilson . No word yet on T . Pryor . DeMarcus Ware and Miles Austin inactivr  RB DeMarco Murray will start for Cowboys . RT @iluvmoney617 you think Cromartie should have been fined  ?   ...  If you read the Personal Conduct Policy ,  and apply the rules ,  yes . Great piece coming up on ESPN's Monday Night Countdown with @ReillyRick delving into Matt Cassel helping Joplin ,  Mo. ,  recover from tornado . With Carson Palmer not practicing today ,  Cardinals QB Drew Stanton will start Sunday vs . Denver . And that will be it for Saints suspensions Fujuita ,  Smith ,  Hargrove and Vilma for one year . No other player suspensions . No surprise ,  but Steelers officially ruled out Ben Roethlisberger from Sunday's game vs . Arizona . Vikings will play a home game at Wembley Stadium in London sometime next September . Announcement coming at Tuesday's owners meeting . Bills' S Aaron Williams is getting a CT scan and an MRI ,  but he has full movement in all his extremities ,  per source . Jeremy Shockey's biggest contribution to N.O . came when he caught a two yard TD to give Saints a fourth quarter lead in Super Bowl XLIV . After working out for Seahawks earlier this week ,  QB Seneca Wallace is scheduled to work out for Raiders on Wednesday . E . Stanley Kroenke has become the majority owner of the St . Louis Rams ,  the National Football League announced today . No sign of Bills' QB Tyrod Taylor at the start of Thursday's practice in England . Taylor nursing sprained MCL . Jets bringing back LB Calvin Pace on a one year deal . RT @TonyTouw @GMAN I hear U on the man w a child & stuff.but wht kind of example is he 4 his kid  ?  & try not 2 shout in reply . Recently acquired WR Michael Floyd will be active for his first game with Patriots today ,  per source . Likely not a big role ,  but active . Giants' co owner John Mara has respectfully declined to participate in settlement discussions between Tom Brady and NFL ,  per @mortreport . Titans assistant Gregg Williams ,  suspended in bounty scandal ,  will speak for only time this preseason at Titans camp today . 49ers DT Justin Smith replaces Minnesota DT Kevin Williams in the Pro Bowl . Don't remember a 3 12 game division lead vanishing quicker than Denver's . San Diego now in first place . Props to the Chargers . Cowboys officially have placed franchise tag on WR Dez Bryant ,  as @MikeGarafolo said . So DeMarco Murray will be allowed to test free agency . Colts GM Ryan Grigson on No . 1 Were pretty sure what direction we want to go . Barring any unforeseen event ,  we kn  . Lions and QB Matthew Stafford are on verge of blockbuster extension that could be done as early as today ,  per team source . Insiders recap Week 17 and discuss HC changes . Who are potential replacement candidates ? Now that @Vinceyoung10 is on Twitter ,  plan to give him some friendly tips when he steps on the bus on Tuesday . Cowboys' G Ronald Leary signed his RFA second round tender in hopes to facilitate trade this weekend ,  per source . More players released today WR Greg Little ,  OL Todd Herremans ,  G Charlie Johnson ,  DE Robert Geathers . RT @polakojones any news on CJ Spiller  ?   ...  My pick for the last of the first rounders to sign . With trade speculation focusing on Marshawn Lynch ,  don't forget the Dolphins have been open to dealing RB Ronnie Brown for well over a year . RT @AOCane Mathis over Avril  ?   ...  Guess is Lions won't let Avril hit the market . But Detroit has big money decisions with Avril and Calvin . S Yeremiah Bell to the Jets 1 year deal 1.4mil ,  including a 200,000 sign bonus . Sounds like no T.O . in Cincinnati . RT @JOCKlifeSPORTS @AdamSchefter Antonio Bryant agrees to four year deal with Cincinnati Bengals . Kudos to Detroit Lions snapped their 19 game divisional losing streak . Texans HC Gary Kubiak announced that LB DeMeco Ryans tore his Achilles and is out for the season . NFL commissioner Roger Goodell announced that the league will institute a Rooney Rule for executive positions for women . Promising development for Buffalo and LeSean  . People said RB Jonathan Stewart would slip   and he did . To Carolina . Whose team doctor was Robert Anderson ,  who did surgery on Stewart . ESPNs Jeff Van Gundy on Wells' Report What kind of garbage language is that to assail a guy's character.  So he agrees with Tedy Bruschi  . Always saddens me to hear of the death of a sportswriting legend . RIP ,  Tampa Tribune sports editor and columnist Tom McEwen . Chargers have claimed cornerback Fred Bennett off waivers from the Houston Texans . So that's a good day for Jay Z . Gets a 240 million deal for Robinson Cano and his group is cleared on recruiting Jets QB Geno Smith . Former 49ers S Donte Whitner reached agreement on a four year ,  28 million deal with the Browns ,  per sources . Browns HC Pat Shurmur has rule that if player doesn't practice during week ,  he doesn't play on gameday . Then again ,  this is unprecedented . Taking from a divisional rival Jaguars have signed former Colts free agent linebacker Freddy Keiaho . Former USC HC Steve Sarkisian is putting out feelers to NFL teams and expressing interest in becoming a QB coach or OC ,  per league sources . Arizona figured to make a move at safety once it lost Antrel Rolle . And now they have Kerry Rhodes   good move . Vanderbilt HC James Franklin ,  who interviewed for Texans HC job two weeks ago ,  has gotten requests to interview with Redskins and Browns . dark . ICYMI @derekcarrqb on Marshawn Lynch ,  his faith and ... his presidential aspirations ? Beginning today at 3 pm ET ,  ESPN's Outside the Lines will have a weeklong series examining the concussion crisis in the NFL . San Diego's Philip Rivers is Mr . December   has never lost in this month as a starting NFL QB . Jim Harbaugh not counting on NaVorro Bowman early Realistically ,  halfway through the season ,  something like that would be more realistic.Not the news the Chiefs wanted  . Packers have signed WR Max McCaffrey to practice squad and released TG Don Barclay from injured reserve . Need to pitch this idea RT @thephinsider Any chance ESPN will be releasing the 30 for 30s on DVD   particularly the Ricky Williams one  ?  After watching today's OTA session ,  this is what one WR said about other RT @MikeReiss Randy Moss on Wes Welker It is impressive to me.Vince Young has transformed himself from someone nobody wanted to a player that will be vital to the Titans for years to come . Filed to ESPN Albert Haynesworth claimed by Tampa . Texans OL David Quessenberry ,  battling non Hodgkins lymphoma ,  will be honorary captain and lead Texans onto field Thursday night vs Colts . Projected draft order as of today1. Colts 2. Rams 3. Vikes 4. Browns 5. Jags 6. Bucs 7. Redskins 8. Dolphins 9. Panthers 10.Bills . Another 10 Spot NFL preview for this weekend  . 5 year old daughter's advice to daddy as he left house this morning in a snowstorm Make sure you drink lots of extra hot chocolate.Assuming Revis compensation was 16M as NJ resident  8.97 rate gross income tax state  he would pay approx ...  Mort and Schefter's Week 4 NFL notebook ...  PSI &gt PSL . Roger Goodell told Jerry Jones that he would not suspend Ezekiel Elliott   one more reason this is where it is . Texans RB Arian Foster has been downgraded from questionable to out for Sundays matchup vs . Browns due to his groin injury . NFL expects to have neurologists on sidelines in 2013 season . Calvin Johnson told Lions he plans to retire . Full story on ESPN . Eagles and Colts ,  trade partners ,  are at it again . Eagles traded FB Stanley Havili to Colts . The 10 players that have blown out Achilles since start of camp NYG CB Bruce Johnson ,  49ers 7th CB Curtis Holcomb ,  Tenn CB Ryan Mouton ... Cowboys' LB Rolando McClain will be suspended the first 10 games for violating the NFLs substance abuse policy ,  per @toddarcher and me . Giants activated RB Andre Brown and placed David Wilson and Shaun Rogers on IR . Other side of story RT @Husker68347 They had to pay for their own food and beer . My brother was one of the many that didn't get their seat . RT @Heleyc Can alex smith take 49ers to the super bowl  ?  Trent Dilfer 2000 Ravens anybody  ?   ...  If you believe they can beat Green Bay ,  yes . RT @JaayyDelaRosa Do You Think Nnamdi would sign with the Raiders or leave  ?   ...  I think the Raiders have seen the last of Nnamdi . Cardinals Qb John Skelton is inactive ,  CB Patrick Peterson is active . QB Kevin Kolb starts for Arizona ,  officially . Huddling with Chris Berman ,  Tom Jackson ,  Keyshawn Johnson ,  Mike Ditka ,  Mort and producers ,  prepping for Sunday 11 am NFL Countdown on ESPN . Jim Harbaugh said he expects Alex Smith to be cleared this week to play . And then ,  next move Harbaugh's . Bucs gave former Bears QB Josh McCown a two year deal worth 10 million   4.75M this year 5.25M next year ,  per sources . 49ers announced they have placed TE Garrett Celek on the Injured Reserve List and re signed LB Shayne Skov to a two year deal . RT @TheBlueScreen The story behind the #NYG's 5th round pick  ...  or at least the man who made the announcement  . Eagles and Colts wheeling and dealing Colts trade K Cody Parkey to Philly for RB David Fluellen ,  per Indy official . Thanks to the Dolphins doctors that wouldn't clear Drew Brees . RT @bestonMARS21 and now alabama and NO both won championships lol . Should be interesting RT @espn Source Former Cowboys coach Jimmy Johnson to be contestant on 'Survivor Nicaragua'    . As @DaveKrieger wrote ,  the NFL's only unbeatens are the Colts ,  Saints and Titans P Brett Kern ,  who went 6 0 for Denver ,  now 3 0 for Tenn . Best wishes to our colleague and brother ,  Merril Hoge ,  whose undergoing heart surgery this morning . Factor back to ESPN soon . Prayers up . Jake Locker would be my guess . But it's very early . RT @blurm @AdamSchefter At this point ,  who is the first QB to get drafted  ?  Filed to ESPN Redskins informed RB Willie Parker today that he will be released . Looks like Larry Johnson makes it ,  Parker doesn't . happened . Bengals activated OT Cedric Ogbuehi and placed CB Darqueze Dennard on IR . Denard is first Bengal to go on IR since start of regular season . Paging Aaron Curry ,  paging Aaron Curry . You should be next . Cowboys released fullback Lawrence Vickers today . Four teams  Falcons  16 points  ,  Jags  14  ,  Texans  13  ,  Cards  12   came back to win games in which they trailed by at least 12 today . This is true and confirmed . Denver OT Garett Bolles ,  carted off field last week with leg injury and listed as Q for today ,  is expected to start vs . Buffalo ,  per source . Prefer Hyde ...  The lowdown on the lost Eagles CBs  . Not that it's a big surprise ,  not that a different result was expected ,  but former Packers TE Jermichael Finley officially has retired . Due to his head injury ,  Ravens LB Sergio Kindle will not report to McDaniel College with rookies when teams training camp starts Monday . Prayers for the Carr Family ...  49ers requested HC interview with Washington OC Sean McVay ,  per source . Redskins re signed defensive lineman Kedric Golston ,  who has been with Washington since 2006.One Patriots' game ball should go to Jeff Kessler.Another should go to Judge Berman . Happy 111111 ,  a day on which more than 24,000 couples are scheduled to be married today . Excuse me ,  @sportsguy33. Pujols  ...  Anaheim . Appointment TV Tiger Woods tees off in this year's U.S . Open on Thursdsay at 436 ET . Filed to ESPN Vikings plan to release Donovan McNabb today ,  according to a league source . Scott Tolzien will be third Packers' starting QB in past 13 days . Before this stretch ,  Green Bay had only three starting QBs in 21 years . Fines go to retired player programs ,  disaster relief initiatives ,  and charities supporting youth ,  education and sports medicine research . No big surprise GB grabbed UCLA DT Kenny Clark . Since Ted Thompson took over GB in 2005 ,  he's taken 5 UCLA players ,  more than any school . Looks like a TD . Marshawn Lynch sent ESPN's @KennyMayne a two word text about his status for Sunday's game vs . Carolina I'm ready. Beastmode . Kansas City LB Derrick Johnson reached agreement on a five year contract extension . Should be signed soon . More at ESPN.com . Prosecutors say Cowboys DT Josh Brent has tested positive for marijuana while awaiting trial for a deadly car crash . Seriously  ?  Think I'm moving Wofford College and Panthers camp into a tie with St . Vincent College and Steelers camp for best training camp sites . And meanwhile ,  in the Philadelphia Inquirer ...  Raiders first round pick ,  CB Gareon Conley ,  is expected to make his NFL debut today against the NY Jets . Former Bucs QB Josh McCown is in Buffalo ,  where the two sides are trying to work out a deal today ,  per me and @mikerodak . Rutgers AD Tim Pernetti fired . And so Seahawks CB Richard Sherman is voted as Madden 15 Cover Winner ... anyone had a better year than Sherman  ?  Former Buccaneers running back Derrick Ward is visiting the Texans today . Seattle also has expressed interest . Jason Garrett the expected choice in Dallas . But Cowboys asked for ,  received permission to interview Dolphins asst HC Todd Bowles for HC . Mark Davis tells owners he will file for Raiders to move to Las Vegas ...  Bears fans can't possibly be thinking ,  bring back Orton ,  can they  ?   Sarcasm ,  which I should identify after some missed it on Sanchez Jeter .A favorite to wind up as the Steelers' backup quarterback is former Eagle Mike Kafka ,  who will work out for Pittsburgh on Tuesday . RT @mortreport Good stuff from Len Pasquarelli on guys NOT invited to NFL Scouting Combine  . In one week ,  WR Michael Crabtree tore his Achilles and LB Melvin Ingram tore his ACL . Who's next ,  because someone will be . Bengals signing former Packers LB A.J . Hawk . Good luck . RT @djaarontheera can u help my friend raising money for cancer research  . For those setting fantasy lineups ,  Falcons sound more pessimistic this am that Julio Jones will play today . Want to work him out at stadium . Saints WR Willie Snead's three game suspension was for a personal conduct violation that stemmed from an off season DUI . Changes in Tampa . Bucs have signed S Corey Lynch from the Cincinnati Bengals practice squad and also have signed CB Marcus Hamilton . Cowboys' WR Dez Bryant gives up his pet monkey ...  Bengals said orders of Devon Still jerseys are approaching 10,000 and more than 1 million will go to Cincinnati Childrens Hospital Med Ctr . Jaguars claimed former Ravens LB Arthur Brown on waivers ,  per source . NFC Champion Panthers gave long snapper JJ Jansen a 5 year extension that included a 700,000 signing bonus . Chargers used 1st round pick on TCU CB Jason Verrett . Have had some luck with that school . In 2001 ,  SD took TCU RB LaDainian Tomlinson . RT @Buccigross Can the Packers franchise Flynn ,  then trade him for picks like Pats did with Cassel  ?   ...  Unlikely . Too much  risk for Pack . QB Jimmy Clausen to start for Panthers ,  John Fox announced . Troy Smith likely starter for SF ,  Mike Singletary announced . Another ho hum day . Jury sentences Jahar Tsarnaev to death . Texans LB Brian Cushing is going to sign a 6 year extension today . Just got an email from Connor Schell ,  exec producer of 30 for 30 series . He tells me 30 for 30 dvds available at  . Friday Blitz NFL's Coach of the Year   Chip Kelly  ?  Ron Rivera  ?  Andy Reid  ?  Bruce Arians  ?  Ever been a better field  ?  Once again ,  Chad Henne is the Dolphins #3 QB and Pat White is the backup   here comes the Wildcat . Eagles and former Lions' LB Stephen Tulloch now in heavy negotiations ,  per source . Eagles could soon have a new linebacker . Headed to @JDRF Promise Ball . Thank you @Lexus for generous support on behalf of Sharri and millions affected by T1  . Tueday am radio on WIP  Philly  ,  WQAM  Miami  ,  WXQI  Atlanta  ,  WJFK  Washington  ,  and friends at Sirius . Cant wait to be in studio w them . Ravens and TE Dennis Pitta reached agreement on a five year deal ,  as @RavensInsider reported . The fact that's it's nearly mid day Thursday and there's no NFL regular season schedule yet suggests announcement will come next week . Aaron Rodgers on track to practice Saturday as he still is hoping to return this season ...  Seahawks DL Michael Bennett said he does not plan to stand for National  Anthem for the rest of the season ...  RT @ThaMonsta1980 What about chris ivory for OFF ROY  ?   ...  Great season . But Bradford ,  Pouncey ,  Williams and Bryant's better . Brian Schottenheimer has left job as Rams OC to take same job with Georgia ,  per sources . Packers officially cut G Josh Sitton . Seahawks' RB Thomas Rawls will be inactive today vs 49ers due to shin injury ,  per source . 49ers LB Patrick Willis signed a five year ,  50 million extension that includes 28 million in guaranteed money . Like this for Ravens ... RT @j0hnnyv why hasn't anyone signed Amani Toomer yet  ?  That guy has another few good seasons left . Great hands . Texans accumulated 177 penalty yards Thursday ,  the most by a team in a single game since 2001.As @ProFootballTalk reported ,  Colts LB Robert Mathis tore Achilles tendon last week while working out . Season over . It is is confirmed and official . Jets are releasing CB Antonio Cromartie ,  as he tweeted . buddy . RT @GChavez96 can you confirm if Portis is heading to IR  ?   ...  I can . Reports are true . Tough season for Portis . More craziness filed to ESPN Jaguars are back in the mix ,  seeing if they now can pull off a trade with Denver for Tim Tebow . Detroit Lions worked out former Jets LB Vernon Gholston and former Bears DE Alex Brown on Tuesday . A great man and a great life . RIP Jack LaLanne ,  a man who at age 96 ,  finally has slowed down . Broncos' rookie first round pick Paxton Lynch will start Sunday vs Falcons ,  as @MikeKlis reported . Trevor Siemian not quite ready . Jaguars HC Jack Del Rio announced that backup QB Luke McCown suffered a torn ACL Sunday  out for season . Ray Allen's reps recently reached out to Warriors about possibility of Allen joining Golden State ,  per @ChrisBroussard . Come one ,  come all . Browns make their first post George Kokinis personnel move ,  waiving kicker Billy Cundiff . Buffalo HC Doug Marrone said Bills RB CJ Spiller expected to play Sunday vs KC . No team has made the playoffs after an 0 3 start in 15 years ,  since the Buffalo Bills did it in 1998.Some Hoosier Hospitality little welcome notes from little kids left in hotel room . Nice . Just added myself to the  . And while we're being cynical this morning ,  if events went just as Randy Hanson said ,  then why hasn't Tom Cable been charged yet  ?  CBS David Letterman Here is a new ,  recent ,  important announcement from the CDC You will not become  now ...  No first round picks in supplemental draft . Story of day courtesy of @DanGrazianoESPN ,  detailing some issues in Washington . Outside of Joe Pisarciks fumble ,  and even including it ,  has there ever been a worse regular season day in Giants history  ?  The second pick traded for Marshall is thought to be a second round pick in 2011 ,  but that is not yet confirmed . Still waiting . Which depiction do you think is most accurate  ?  Let's get the party started RT @evansilva My Top 150 fantasyfootball Rankings after NFL Draft & Free Agency . Link  . West Virginia QB Geno Smith ,  projected by many to be the first quarterback drafted ,  is scheduled to visit the Kansas City Chiefs on Monday . RT @CurtisMartin28 Doing an autograph signing at JFK Highschool in Bellmore to benefit families affected by Hurricane Sandy May20th 7 830pm . Buffalo has claimed LB Shawne Merriman . He has five days to report to Buffalo plans to for now . He is not expected to play Sunday vs . Chic . Bill Polian wonders if Jets have aren't intent on winning in 2017   like Browns last year ...  week . Raiders first round pick DJ Hayden has been released from the hospital after undergoing abdominal procedure last wk . All those Dolphins fans praying for a WR have to feel good the team is meeting today with Oklahoma St . WR Dez Bryant . Jinx is over Saints are the first team to win a Super Bowl after losing to the Buccaneers during that regular season . Steelers rookie WR Martavis Bryant is expected to see his first NFL action tonight vs . Houston ,  per @saltersl . One hip injury has ended Ravens TE Dennis Pitta's season and another hip injury hangs over Seahawks WR Percy Harvin . Chiefs holding press conference at 2 pm ET to introduce Romeo Crennel as their next head coach . This man   @JoshCribbs16   deserves the raise the Browns now are planning for him . He's Cleveland's top ,  and maybe lone ,  playmaker . Dolphins signed the undrafted free agent former Michigan running back De'Veon Smith . Am being told that Seattle's first round pick Russell Okung might practice with the Seahawks this afternoon . Paging Josh Freeman . Paging Josh Freeman . Last night's @JDRF Promise Ball raised 2.4 million for treating ,  preventing ,  curing T1D . Please consider helping . Not to sound alarm ,  but RT @espnmacmahon Cowboys have a kicker crisis . David Buehler just missed four straight FGs . None from long range . Redskins kept four QBs ,  including Pat White ,  on their 53 man roster today . Colts QB Andrew Luck is in the concussion protocol . Tampa Bay looking like the best team in the NFC   Yeah ,  I said it . Colts TE Dallas Clark is out indefinitely w handwrist injury . He plans to go for 2nd and 3rd opinions to determine how long he'll miss . Former Michigan and now Broncos ! TE Jake Butt gets tax free 543,000 from loss of value insurance policy from draft fall ,  per @darrenrovell . As @sdutChargers reported ,  Chargers keep Eric Weddle with a five year ,  40 million deal that includes 19 million guaranteed . With K Matt Prater nursing a groin injury ,  the Broncos plan to sign former Raven Steve Hauschka to kick Sunday at Arizona . Bills announced they released QB Ryan Fitzpatrick . With today's win ,  New England now has won 10 or more games eight times in the last nine seasons . RT @okerland When does Coughlin watch start again  ?   ...  You mean for the Hall of Fame  ?  Very soon . Like now . ?  Best part of tonight's NYG PHIL game Cowboys are rooting for Eagles . If Eagles win ,  Cowboys clinch homefield advantage throughout playoffs . Robert Kraft said Wes Welker's agent could mess up any potential deal between the two sides . 9 footer for Watson for championship ... Correct . Former Pats QB making a mark in NY . RT @Curveone WOW  !  So ,  Jets 3rd string QB O'connell named captain for today's game ... huh  ?  As @RavensInsider insider reported ,  WR Anquan Boldin traded to 49ers for a sixth round pick . WRs piling up in NFC West . KTVK in Phoenix first reported that Andy Reid and the Cardinals are close to a deal . RT @MarcusDBX Don't count Jerry in Big D out just yet . There's some time for Shanny to shop .  ...  Who doesn't like choices  ?  Dolphins cut Will Allen . Right now ,  there are no more settlement talks planned between NFL and NFLPA until Aug . 31 court appearance ,  per sources . Bills planning to sign former Dolphins K Dan Carpenter ,  per source . Carpenter has bounced around past two weeks . Sleepless in Green Bay ,  where someone's fired up..RT @giantspathanlon 12 Hours  !  #Giants . Falcons Coach Smith is resting comfortably ,  his tests reaffirmed his health ,  and he is expected to be in Atlanta on Monday.Looks like someone got a new deal . Tom Brady underwent MRI on ankle that revealed a sprain but no breaks ,  no fractures ,  per league source . Expected to be ready for playoffs . Saints LB Jonathan Vilma and WR Percy Harvin both returned to practice today . Seahawks have three weeks to activate Harvin . Mel Kiper Jr.'s latest mock draft  . Instead of OTAs RT @ochocinco Me and Marvin Lewis in a cage match ,  set it up ,  I've earned my stripes on my helmet . Time to fight then play . Cowboys CB Mike Jenkins inactive ,  Giants WR Hakeem Nicks active . Darrelle Revis' agents announce he has agreed to terms with the Jets . Tony Romo is first player in NFL history with four straight road games of 3 passing TDs and no INTs ,  per Elias . RT @MikeWiseguy My No . 1 Twitter rule Remember acronym H.A.L.T . If you're Hungry ,  Angry ,  Lonely ,  Tired or all of 'em ,  don't hit send . Peyton Manning's passing yards this season 2,404. Andrew Luck's passing yards this season 2,404. Broncos 5 3 ,  Colts 5 3.Veteran NFL guard Montrae Holland re signed with the Cowboys veteran NFL CB Lito Sheppard visited the Raiders on Tuesday . Now that today's combine is over ,  it's time to watch some entertainers and icons . Vikings believe Sam Bradford ,  listed as Q for Sunday ,  will be gametime decision ,  per source . They plan to work him out pregame ,  then decide . To fill expected void ,  Chiefs and former Eagles DT Bennie Logan reach agreement on 1 year deal ,  per source . Looks like Dontari Poe moves on . Jags would be happy to cut ties with Del Rio ,  he'd be happy to leave ,  but there's that issue of the 15 million left on his deal . Baseball Hall of Famer Ralph Kiner died at his home in Rancho Mirage ,  CA today . He was 91.There's other news aside from Vick . RT @RavensInsider John Harbaugh said Michael Oher deal will be done pretty soon . RT @JasonRomano 60 bucks to check 2 bags with @USAirways    C'Mon Man  !   ...  Much easier to send through UPS and have it waiting for you . Mike Ditka on Sunday NFL Countdown Philip Rivers has what Jay Cutler needs.And now Broncos have announced they officially hired former Raiders OC Bill Musgrave as their QB coach . Broncos signing G Shelley Smith to a 2 yr ,  5.65 million deal ,  per source . Jaguars announced they signed 2013 fifth round draft pick Denard Robinson to a four year contract . Bucs list RB Doug Martin as doubtful Browns list TE Jordan Cameron as out . Bears reached an agreement with Matt Cavanaugh ,  making him their quarterbacks coach . Vikings signed former Illinois St . LB Mike Zimmer ,  who now joins Minnesota HC Mike Zimmer . Lotta Mike Zimmers in Minn . me . At No . 127 ,  Seahawks draft North Carolina LB E.J . Wilson . #nfldraft . Ummm ... Brodie Croyle is 0 8 as an NFL starting QB . Since 1990 ,  22 NFL teams have started 0 2 and still qualified for the postseason ,  including three teams last year  Miami ,  Minn . and SD.And @mortreport reports ,  Miami Dolphins have hired Eagles quarterback coach Bill Lazor as their new offensive coordinator . Former Chiefs OT Branden Albert reached agreement on a 5 yr ,  46M deal including 25M GTD with the Miami Dolphins . Steelers placed center Fernando Velasco on IR . Steelers also signed OT Rashad Butler and C Eric Olsen . Redskins' CB Bashaud Breeland has right high ankle sprain ,  MRI on Mon . DB Deangelo Hall has right knee injury ,  also MRI on Monday . deodorant . Classic Jim Harbaugh  . Saints placed RB Chris Ivory on reserveinjured list after he suffered a season ending foot injury in Sundays regular season finale . Quiet draft ahead Raiders traded 2012 2nd rd pick to NE on draft day ,  used 3rd on Pryor ,  traded 4th in 2012 to WASH for Jason Campbell . Saints owner Tom Benson is pledging 11 million to Pro Football Hall of Fame ,  the largest contribution by any individual . Former Rams' LB James Laurinaitis ,  who visited Saints last week ,  is scheduled to visit Falcons on Monday and Tuesday ,  per source . In pregame warmups ,  at least one Panthers official ,  and possibly more ,  carried black baseball bats on to the ...  Broncos on Wednesday signed free agent defensive back Quentin Jammer . Chiefs officially signed former Tennessee QB Tyler Bray . Even assistant coaches there don't know yet . RT @DonBanks Big breaking NFL news Jeff Fisher and the Titans are preparing to part ways . Drew Brees told Ed Werder that the Saints were going in today to score 40 points . Brees underestimated it . Saints now at 41.Please consider making a donation to a great cause   fighting diabetes . RT @RealMikeSilver  . Congratulations to old friend Shannon Sharpe ,  who will be inducted into the Broncos Ring of Fame at halftime of today's Denver Clev game . Dr James Andrews examination of Breshad Perriman revealed he may not have significant ACL tear . Arthroscopic surgery Tues will reveal more . Eagles WR Jordan Matthews officially inactive . Never had missed a game in college or NFL due to injury . Come join Friday to Ditka's Super Bowl event for @GridironGreats . Huge lineup of legends and only 250 tickets sold . The Tim Tebow to attend the NFL draft story . Why Russell Wilson always will remember the weekend of the 2017 NFL Draft  . Bills WR David Nelson tore his ACL   out for year . Signing LeGarrette Blount probably winds up sealing the deal on Ryan Mathews' departure from Eagles once he's healthy . In other words ,  Cleveland had one spot ,  claimed at least three players and at least two Browns that thought they made it will have to go . RT @JaysonBraddock What's the rumored asking price for Denver on B Lloyd  ?   ...  Denver would take a 3. Happily . Busy day for Redskins . RT @espnnfl Albert Haynesworth formally charged with assault for road rage incident  . Never have had a co worker I trusted ,  respected ,  loved and now prayed for more than @mortreport.Prayers for Joplin RT @JoshElliottABC Never seen destruction so vast . Everything surrounding this hospital flipped ,  flattened ,  vaporized . All ears for this ...  RT @espn 2010 FIFA World Cup Organizers consider silencing vuvuzelas    . Philadelphia is trading up to Miami's spot in second round ,  47th overall pick ... In touch with @georgeatallah Roger ,  De ,  officials from both sides working all weekend to finish deal points ,  process for players reforming . Patriots reached agreement with former Raiders and 49ers CB Tarell Brown ,  as @diannaESPN reported . NE had been looking to add CB depth . #KnowThemFromAdam @dallascowboys owner Jerry Jones on his lifelong passion for the NFL & building the game ...  Rams offensive coordinator Brian Schottenheimer is interviewing today for the Vanderbilt head coaching job ,  per league sources . Kirk Cousins' picture featured on tickets for RG III's return game . RT @ESPNDariNowkhah GO HAYDEN  !  #GoHayden #TeamHayden . Dolphins' QB Ryan Tannehill will undergo reconstructive surgery and be placed on season ending IR ,  as @ArmandoSalguero reported . Let's not forget what other sporting lowlifes Favre spared RT @troyhewitt and Favre is a godsend for Rick Pitino . Talk about sports world stopping Tom Brady's left knee injury has led to suspension of all Super Bowl ,  AFC ,  AFC East odds at @BovadaLV . Robert Griffin III is practicing with the Washington Redskins ,  three days after spraining his right knee . Safety Gibril Wilson will be a Cincinnati Bengal . Will sign shortly ,  but team thinks he can bring a lot to Bengals defense . Browns trying to close in on an agreement with Ravens free agent LB Paul Kruger . The man who created the entertaining screen shot  . Post Anthem comments from Jaguars owner Shad KhanIt was a privilege to stand on the sidelines with the ...  And walk away from 13 mil  ?  I wouldn't . But I'm not AP . JPP has burns on palm ,  3 fingers . 1 finger could have nerve damage . Didn't lose any fingers ,  team thinks he'll be OK ,  per @DanGrazianoESPN . After a one day holdout ,  DeAndre Hopkins is returning to Texans ,  per source . Friday 10 Spot posted early Saturday morning Stories of Dan Orlovsky ,  Philip Rivers ,  Tim Tebow . Ravens reached agreement with WE Steve Smith per source . Texans WR Andre Johnson officially inactive . After consulting with Dr . Watkins ,  Bengals TE Tyler Eifert has decided to undergo season ending back surgery ,  per source . Patriots officially list QBs Jimmy Garoppolo and Jacoby Brissett as questionable . Buccaneers announced they have signed free agent LB Dane Fletcher and OL Oniel Cousins.Texas Tech QB Patrick Mahomes II is visiting the New York Jets today ,  per source . Jets looking hard at QBs . The definition of an incredible performance Cardinals QB Kurt Warner threw four incomplete passes and five touchdown passes . Turns out Big Ben not the only football standout celebrating a birthday RT @WhoDatNationSB It's also Reggie Bush's birthday today #25 is 25 . Olympic Sprinter Tre Houston worked out for Chiefs today ,  per @seanstellato . Houston ran the 200 in Rio representing Bermuda . Filed to ESPN Arizona trades a fourth round pick this year and a seventh next year for Jets S Kerry Rhodes . Seahawks DC Gus Bradley is traveling today from Philadelphia to Jacksonville to interview for Jaguars HC job . RT @espnnfl Terrelle Pryor not interested in CFL ,  focused on NFL   . Great writing ,  great camera work . RT @wrightthompson My video intro essay to the World Cup that aired on @espn   . Bucs were right on RB Kareem Huggins . He can play . Seahawks signed former Cardinals WR and special teams standout Sean Morey to a multi year contract ,  the team announced . As deserving as Curtis Martin is ,  it's hard to watch him being inducted and not think how @TerrellDavis should one day join him . Truth . It's a dog's life   my dogs' lives ...  Eagles agreed to 3 year contract extension with OL Todd Herremans through 2016.Bengals don't leave state of Ohio from weeks 5 10  four home games ,  one bye ,  one game at Cleveland .Cowboys RB Marion Barber expected to miss 2 weeks with calf injury  via ESPN Dallas.com .Jaguars WR Dede Westbrook predicting a 200 yard receiving game in his NFL debut today ...  Washington TE Jordan Reed ruled out for Thursday night . on . Thanks for the suppo@FantomFresh21 . Drew Rosenhaus said ,  Rob Gronkowski has now been cleared by all his doctors to play Sunday in the Jets game.Jets TE Dustin Keller and WR Stephen Hill are active . Texans LB Brian Cushing carted off with injury to same left knee he hurt last year . Panthers HC Ron Rivera conceded on ESPN's NFL Insiders that Carolina probably will have to tag free agent to be DT Kawann Short . Part 2 They have a tremendous offense  great RBs ,  a great QB ,  a great TE . They're stacked across the board . Im serious . They're great.Ronald Darby vouches for Jameis Winston ,  says accusations against QB 'are just not true' . Cowboys have signed punter Chris Jones to an four year extension through 2021 ,  per @toddarcher . Bills announced the team has released QB Tarvaris Jackson . John Fox told @tracywolfson that Bears QB Brian Hoyer broke his arm . Another bad Thursday night injury for Hoyer . Panthers signed TE Greg Olsen to 3 year extension worth 22.5 million ,  including a 12 million signing bonus ,  per @RosenhausSports . And now the Bears ,  who did put in a waiver claim for Kyle Orton ,  have agreed to terms with QB Josh McCown on a one year contract . And then there's this  . With Ameer Abdullah out for the year ,  Theo Riddick now becomes Detroit's top RB ,  with rookie Dwayne Washington next ,  then Zach Zenner . Friday Blitz One more reason why @Kaepernick7 and @DangeRussWilson are so valuable to their teams . So it turns out Saints RB Mark Ingram has a broken hand expected to sideline him at least one month ,  per source . ESPN's NFL MVP Poll Tom Brady still No . 1 ,  Aaron Rodgers on the rise . Really like the new look of Sunday NFL Countdown . Check it out . Check that   Former Browns OC Brian Daboll will be hired as the Dolphins OC .  Buccaneers TE Jerramy Stevens will not play today after he was arrested last night for drug possession . Former Ravens' RB Justin Forsett is signing with the Detroit Lions ,  per source . 49ers HC Mike Singletary on whether his team is considering signing S O.J . Atogwe Right now ,  were going forward with what we have.I'm the prescription runner today   son sick with cough ,  cold ,  whole nine . Hello kids Mucinex and Advil . With Travis Kelce deal done in KC ,  Redskins and TE Jordan Reed now know exactly where they stand . Mike Singletary didn't sound overly concerned today ,  that's for sure . RT @gandhi210 @AdamSchefter Any word on Frank Gore's injury  ?  Is this the #1 professional athlete you would want giving a motivational speech to your team  ?  Things to do during a lockout an interview not on football but fashion . With Broncos releasing QB Mark Sanchez ,  they save 4.5 million and don't have to pay Eagles the conditional 7th round pick . Titans now have remade their interior OL C Brian Schwenke ,  G Chance Warmack ,  G Andy Levitre . Giants say DE Osi Umenyiora will be out 3 4 weeks after knee surgery . A person close to Umenyiora says it could be 46 weeks or longer.Panthers QB Jake Delhomme unlikely to play Sunday due to finger injury and likely Carolina starter is Matt Moore . Giants announced JPP underwent back surgery this morning and recovery time expected to be 12 weeks . Do the math ... As Twitter friends pointed out ,  CB Tracy Porter picked sixed Peyton Manning in Saints' Super Bowl win . Now he can try to do it in practice . NFL We have no knowledge of this . We are not aware of anyone in our office who possessed or saw the video ...  Brandon Weeden's deal is fully guaranteed in 2012 14 ,  and has over 900k guaranteed in '15.Five teams   Cleveland ,  Detroit ,  Houston ,  NYG ,  Philly   put in waiver claims for former Bears DT Ronnie Cameron ,  who was awarded to Browns . QB Andrew Walter informed he's being released ,  which indicates that rookie Brian Hoyer has won battle to be Tom Brady's backup . Sat ,  Jan 12 Denver hosts divisional playoff at 430 ET ,  San Francisco hosts div playoff at 800 ET . Someone may be laying in ambush ,  but unless Dallas trades back into first round ,  hard to find a landing spot for QB Paxton Lynch in round 1.RT @mattongarato One word to describe Al Davis  ?   ...  Legend . Or icon . Either or . RT @lino2319 What is Ryan Matthews status for tomorrow  ?   ...  Looks like a go . However ,  no WR Malcom Floyd and no RB Darren McFadden for Oak . Would the NFL have postponed the Super Bowl if this storm hit yesterday  ?  Redskins actually starting three rookies on offense today RB Roy Helu ,  WR Leonard Hankerson and G Maurice Hurt . Stats of day about 1.6 million people in NY and NJ still have no power   nothing . 65 schools still closed ,  with 57 badly damaged . Pls help . Another JFK alum RT @espnSteveLevy Don't forget w Entourage heading into final season ,  former Cougar great ,  and  ...  If you haven't already ,  watch this  . Including the top two picks ,  nine total offensive linemen were drafted in the 1st round ,  the most since 1968  10 .An MRI on his knee confirmed that Bengals kicker Mike Nugent is out for the season . Donald Driver is on the move ... to Dancing With The Stars . Keyshawn and Mort sure knew how to welcome in Week 1. Wonder what they have planned for Week 2. Cleveland's message for Josh Gordon Browns go with their 5th WR ,  Colorado State's Rashard Higgins . Jets are first team since 2006 Falcons ,  Ravens and Broncos to not allow a rushing or passing TD in either of the season's first two weeks . Defiance . Colin Kaepernick specifically requested his deal allow 49ers flexibility to negotiate extensions with players such as WR Michael Crabtree . For violating practice rules of CBA ,  NFL and NFLPA agreed to cancel Raiders' OTAs June 16 17. Raiders not allowed to reschedule them . Seahawks RB Thomas Rawls inactive tonight . RT @espnnfl NFL checking if Tampa Bay Buccaneers' Aqib Talib broke rule by attending opener  . Attention ,  Cardinals fans RB Beanie Wells inactive . Team thinks he'll be back next week . Since the AFC and NFC formed in 1970 ,  this is just the 3rd time that both road teams won conference championships  1992 and '97 .New England WR Michael Floyd will not be active today vs . Denver ,  per source his Patriots debut will have to wait . NFL will release its preseason schedule this afternoon . Regular season schedule comes later this month . Friday night ,  930 ET ,  630 PT ...  RT @UTKevinAcee Only place to get live stream of Junior Seau Celebration of Life is on Chargers web site . Join ESPN's Jeremy Schaap ,  honorary starter ,  Sun. ,  310 ,  RMHA 5K RunWalk ,  Bronx ,   . This has a ring to it If Indianapolis wins ,  Adam Vinatieri would tie Charles Haley for most Super Bowl rings in NFL history with five . From me and Ed Werder Cowboys are expected to release DeMarcus Ware ,  according to two sources . Vikings RB Matt Asiata ,  listed as questionable for Sunday due to illness ,  will play vs Colts ,  per source . Will work into three RB rotation . Arizona traded No . 123 to New Orleans for No . 130 and No . 201. #nfldraft . So this off season ,  the Falcons now have added former Rams GM Billy Devaney and former Chiefs GM Scott Pioli . Lots of experience . Atlanta now has all its picks signed ,  sealed and delivered . Bears named Rod Marinelli as asst HCdefensive coordinator ,  Eric Washington as defensive line coach ,  Shane Day as quarterbacks coach . Chiefs OC Charlie Weis is going to spend tonight trying to convince the Chiefs to draft Jimmy Clausen in the second round . #nfldraft . Here's another thought RT @sturminator I think Crabtree should be more worried about being in a room with Mike Singletary . Sean Payton's agreement with the Saints is for five years . Football's back . E.J . Manuel from today ...  Cardinals safety Kerry Rhodes is scheduled to undergo foot surgery Thursday that will sideline him at least one month . Panthers gave former Falcons S Thomas DeCoud a two year deal that can reach 3.75M and includes a 500K signing bonus . Hours away from Friday am coin flips for draft positioning . Panthers and Dolphins flip for 8 and 9 ,   Chiefs and Sehaakws flip for 11 and 12.Dee Milliner said he believe he's NFL's best CB and now Calvin Pace says Jets have NFL's best defense . RT @LetsGoBuccos22 do u actually ride in the bus or fly  ?   ...  Ride in it ,  sleep in it ,  eat in it ,  shower in it ,  work in it ,  everything in it . Titans GM Jon Robinson wins the night   well done.It's past deadline . Can't trade him now till March 1. RT @Slicksie @AdamSchefter ..Have the 9ers thought of trying to trade Crabtree  ? Kyle Shanahan's next daunting task Rebuild the 49ers . Former Falcons' QB Sean Renfree worked out for Patriots today . Jonathan Vilma and his attorney Peter Ginsberg appeared before Magistrate Knowles and addressed the timing of discover  . Bengals RB Giovani Bernard is active . Bengals rookie DT Andrew Billings underwent knee surgery today for torn meniscus and is out indefinitely ,  if not for season ,  per source . Lane Kiffin out as USC head coach ,  per USC Athletic Dept . Cowboys DE Randy Gregory withdrew appeal of his 10 game suspension for multiple violations of NFL's Substance ...  Getting ready for this guy to make a special appearance on ESPN's Monday Night Countdown at 6 pm ...  NFL's plan is for Monday night in Primetime . Media Day now will be Media Night . Monday Night Football kicks off with a divisional showdown doubleheader Bengals at Ravens ,  Chargers at Raiders . Former 49ers Hall of fame fullback John Henry Johnson passed away yesterday in Tracy ,  CA ,  at the age of 81. RIP . Sounds to me like all those people that wanted Josh McDaniels fired before he even coached his first game now are after Norv Turner . Something tells me the Eagles will take S Nate Allen . #nfldraft . Bears reached agreement with 3rd rd pick Will Sutton Chicago exec Cliff Stein is first one this year to have his full draft class signed . Patriots traded the 7th rd pick they acquired from Seattle on Friday for CB Justin Coleman back to Seattle for DE Cassius Marsh ,  per source . Crabtree cannot be traded this year by rule . RT @49erscom RT @suademusic u think the 49ers signed Crabtree only to use him as trade bait  ?  A Giant message RT @mortreport Oh ,  and Tony Romo is ok ,  good to start vs . NYG . So does that mean Joe Vitt is discounting Drew Brees from Dancing With The Stars ...  ? Been 10 years ,  8 months ,  10 Days since Texans selected Mario Williams No . 1 overall in 2006 draft . Today he plays in his first playoff game . FWIW Of the 4 rookie QBs that debuted this weekend   Bradford ,  Clausen ,  McCoy ,  Tebow   Denver's was only rookie QB to account for a TD . Since NFL went to 12 playoff teams in 1990 ,  only 12 percent of teams to start season 0 2 went on to make playoffs . Bills' DT Marcell Dareus announced he made the decision to enter a rehabilitation facility.Temperature in Nashville right now is 103.5 degrees and the heat index is 114. As Vince Young said ,  It's hotter than fish grease.Super Bowl LII goes to Minnesota . Then again ,  15 of the 44 starters in Super Bowl XLVIII were acquired through free agency . So ,  gentlemen ,  start your checkbooks . RT @iAMJBW93 @adamschefter Vick . Standing ovation in Atlanta or boos ...  ?   ...  Methinks standing O . Even now ,  he's beloved in Atlanta . As we head into December ,  it is once again time for this weeks NFL Power Poll ,  with the Patriots moving into and h ...  RT @adbrandt Breaking Michael Vick and the Philadelphia Eagles have agreed to a six year ,  100 million contract . Don't expect this to make much difference RT @espn Report Chargers warn absent Vincent Jackson ,  Marcus McNeill  . The Super Bowl parade that Jets head coach Rex Ryan told his team to plan for would be Feb 9 ,  exactly one month from today . Why preseason Week 4 is yuck There were nine MLB games Wednesday with more combined runs than the combined point total in Giants Pats game . RT @FauxJohnMadden did Gruden's sons team follow the Rooney Rule  ?  &lt  My sources tell me ,  yes ,  absolutely . RT @TJQuinnESPN Thinking great thoughts for @JimDuquette as he donates a kidney to his daughter lindsey this morning . Best wishes to both . And on Day 1 ,  I did not get a single NCAA Tournament pick wrong . Not one  !   Of course for umpteenth straight year ,  didn't fill out bracket .More all time busts Joey Harrington ,  Andre Ware ,  Charles Rodgers ,  Mike Williams  ooo ,  Detroit  ,  David Klingler ,  Lawrence Phillips . Redskins say it'll be a gametime decision whether DT Albert Haynesworth can play with his sprained ankle . Tom Burgess tryout tour ,  part 4 the Pittsburgh Steelers . The British rugby star drawing interest from multiple NFL teams . When New England hosts Miami on Sunday ,  the Patriots will looking to avoid being swept by divisional opponent for the first time since 2000.Von Miller statement on six game suspension The Substances of Abuse policy requires everyone to comply with the ...  Raiders' WRs Michael Crabtree and Amari Cooper ,  both questionable for Sunday vs Chargers ,  are both are expected to play ,  per source . Rams are giving former Broncos' CB Kayvon Webster a 2 year deal ,  per source . Rams have eyed him for a while . On ESPNs NFL Live ,  @StephaniaESPN reported that Raiders QB Derek Carr has improved and could play as early as next week vs Chargers . More misfortune   a shame . RT @ESPNDariNowkhah Dislocated ankle for Stafon Johnson   here's to hoping he can play sooner than later . There will be football ,  twittering and all kinds of fun stuff tonight . Me and the power are back . Hey @mortreport ,  apparently our commerical aired RT @macnbeans Holy Cow  !  Just saw the shake weight commercial with TJ  !  Freaking hilarious  !  On ESPNs Sunday NFL Countdown ,  field reporter @JeffDarlington threw back to studio and said ,  And now ,  to the grea  . Johnny Manziel officially cleared waivers ,  per NFL wire . Hes now a free agent . Saints' interest has been real and continuous . Playoff Machine ,  which allows users to figure playoff scenarios   . too  !  Don't root for teams ,  root for people and stories . RT @xfinchx21 you probably get asked this a lot but who wasis your favorite NFL team  ?  RT @broncostweeters Do you see the Broncos making a play for Steelers Mike Wallace  ?   ...  Don't see anyone making a play for Mike Wallace . Texans 5 year extension to WR DeAndre Hopkins includes 49 million guaranteed ,  per source . Falcons CB Dunta Robinson and LB Sean Weatherspoon inactive for Atlanta . NFL owners approved ejections for two unsportsmanlike conduct penalties . Rams QB Sam Bradford is scheduled to undergo an MRI on his left knee tonight and the team is concerned . Friend @ProFootballTalk making fun that I cannot pronounce Manumaleauna . No ,  but I can say Aromashodu . RT @JillLieberSteeg Where's Tiki Barber  ?   ...  RB market is flooded J . Addai ,  R . Brown ,  R . Williams ,  Cadillac ,  C . Benson ,  A . Bradshaw . Statement from Bills' owner Terry Pegula  . NFL Commissioner sent below note this morning to all NFL league staff in NY ,  NJ and Culver City This past ...  Giants placed linebacker Dan Connor on season ending injured reserve . Tom Brady and Patriots reached agreement on 2 year contract extension ,  tying him to NE through 2019 ,  league sources told @diannaESPN and me . RT @kamronawwal Curious ,  is that backdrop your office or just a backdrop setup at ESPN HQ  ?   ...  My office   real books ,  too . Sleepy ,  rainy East Coast morning . Good movie ,  or preseason football ,  day . Titans are interviewing Ravens OC Jim Caldwell this week ,  per source . They put in request today to interview him . #Haiti needs help ,  esp after #HurricaneMatthew . Every dollar helps rebuild . Join me in supporting  . Question of the day . RT @AshleyMFox Wow . Jason Peters ,  Terrell Suggs and now Da'Quan Bowers . What is up with all the torn Achilles  ?  For now ,  sounds like Packers WR Randall Cobb is expected to miss two weeks . Look who we ran into in Washington DC ...  Fantasy Football Marathon is going live shortly   please tune in within the hour . Just got word that DeAngelo Williams is expected to play . Someone close to situation texted me ,  DeAngelo definitely playing.anyday . Plus ,  Seahawks must abide by Rooney Rule ,  which now extends to senior front office jobs . So lots for team to sift through . Raiders OC Hue Jackson meeting with 49ers about their head coach job opening today . RT @joereedy Anthony Munoz remembers his HOF enshrinement and is part of a book on Hall speeches by @AdamSchefter    . After failing to find a trade partner ,  Ravens now have released FB Vonta Leach . And @mortreport is reporting Jon Gruden is committed to returning to MNF in 2014 and will not be returning to coaching next season . Typical of what a wild NFL summer this has been . Two OC's fired after team's third preseason game and days leading up to opener . Crazy . Suspended Jaguars WR Justin Blackmon was arrested at 545 a.m . ET Saturday ,  and charged with DUI . Bengals have signed OT Andrew Whitworth to a one year extension through 2016 worth 9 million ,  per @FieldYates . Stat of day Today marked 1st time all season the Bengals worked out any players . On bye week ,  tried out 9 players ,  including Devin Gardner . RT @TheEbonyBird @AdamSchefter Any chance Josh Cribbs is dealt before Tuesday  ?  &lt  Not happening . Bad news for single women Former Jets RB Curtis Martin recently entered into a long term deal . He got engaged . Congratulations . RT @moviesbybowes Sources close to English language say ,  off the record ,  that's known as a palindrome. Awaiting confirmation  ...  Confirmed . Giants officially list Odell Beckham Jr . as questionable for Monday night . And as my friend @ericstangel pointed out ,  Thurman Thomas finished in Miami and OJ Simpson finished in SF  and Las Vegas .Raiders free agent WR Chaz Schilens is visiting 49ers ,  and Rams free agent WR Brandon Lloyd also is expected to visit San Francisco . First on camera ESPN hit coming on at 2 pm eastern . Then another in 6 pm Sportscenter ,  then Monday Night Countdown at 7 ,  and halftime too . RT @BShah23 Say what you will but Mark Sanchez is 3 1 on road in playoffs .  ...  So is Braylon Edwards . And Darrelle Revis . And David Harris . RT @JStoesz9 Wasn't Drew Brees and his son after game one of best post SB moments ever  ?  Really touching scene  ...  Famiy moments always are . Happy 100th Anniversary to Wrigley Field ,  where its first Major League game was played April 23 ,  1914. 100 yrs later ,  still great to visit . Bears officially have signed WR Santonio Holmes to a one year contract and terminated contract of WR Eric Weems . Sal Pal reports DJax's agent ,  Drew Rosenhaus ,  at Eagles practice . Eagles let him park red Cadillac rental in players lot . There is an agreement in principle at hand per @mortreport that means the sides are just about finished with the agreement in principle.Bengals and Browns tried ,  but failed ,  to complete trade for QB AJ McCarron before deadline ,  per sources . Deal was close not finalized . Teams can sign their free agents this afternoon . Teams can begin talking to UFAs this afternoon . Teams can sign UFAs tomorrow at noon . RT @epic55    @AdamSchefter Any word on Adrian Peterson being questionable  ?  &lt  Haven't heard anything to think he isn't . Texans plan to sign either Jake Delhomme or Jeff Garcia today as a backup for T.J . Yates . Rex Ryan announced Michael Vick will start Sunday in KC . Saints signed free agent fullback Kyle Eckel and safety Herana Daze Jones and waived kicker John Carney and cornerback Marcus McCauley . Sean Payton's appeals hearing will be Thursday morning ,  and will be held at the NFL offices in New York . What would have been the chances two weeks ago that Aaron Hernandez would be on waivers and no one would want him  ?  RT @judybattista Tawdriest off season ever  ?  Weeks of Roethlisberger ,  and now the coach of the SB champ has to deny he abuses painkillers . Pleased to hear that @KyleDyer9News is back where she belongs ,  back on the air . Welcome back . An update  . Looks like a sprained MCL on RB Knowshon Moreno ,  which means he'll miss one to two weeks . That might be enough to knock him out of preseason . Dolphins officially hired Chris Grier as their GM . Jameis Winston has undergone testing to determine why he has weakness in his throwing shoulder discovered during combine ,  per @mortreport . Headline I never thought I'd see RT @espn Justin Bieber wins MVP over Scottie Pippen in celebrity game    . How Diabetes impacts my ultra tough wife ,  Sharri  . St . Louis or Tampa . RT @bigmack25 @AdamSchefter who do you see being the last winless or undefeated teams . will anyone go 16 0 or 0 16 ? More on Mike Mayock emerging as candidate for Redskins' GM . Dallas has tried to work with wide receiver Dez Bryant ,  Roc Nation has done the same ,  and there have been ...  Bills have placed QB T.J . Yates on Injured Reserve . Dolphins have 4.2 million worth of salary cap space right now . But cutting Joey Porter accelerates 4.8 million worth of money . No can do . Four teams put in waiver claims for former Broncos CB Jack Williams   Cleveland ,  Detroit ,  Indianapolis and Philadelphia . Detroit got him . Today's inactives include Panthers RB Jonathan Stewart ,  Dolphins RB Knowshon Moreno ,  Bears DE Jared Allen ,  Packers WR Jarrett Boykin .  . Falcons RB Devonta Freeman is out Sunday vs Bucs.Bucs QB Jameis Winston is out Sunday vs . Falcons . Ochocinco hurt his knee in pregame warmups ,  limped to the locker room ,  but rest easy ,  Bengals fans . He is OK and preparing to play . Fantasy Football Now LIVE from Wide World of Sports ,  10 am ET ,  ESPN2 ... Here's what Jay Cutler said this spring on the Know Them From Adam podcast on idea of returning to NFLTo ...  Raiders now plan to hire Packers director of football operations Reggie McKenzie as their next general manager . Over 3 months ,  Joe Buck called World Series Game 7 ,  then Super Bowl LI . Might as well call it a career . Won't ever call more exciting games . Sean Payton's year long suspension means lost salary for one year . Payton's out about 7 million . Since Troy Polamalu entered NFL in 2003 ,  he and Charles Woodson are only players with at least 30 INTs ,  10 forced fumbles and 10 sacks . Cowboys kept kicker Kai Forbath over night in Dallas ,  but decided today Dan Bailey is feeling well enough to kick on Sunday ,  per source . Texans TE Owen Daniels  back ,  hip  expected to play . To sum up ,  Bills have fired Rex and Rob Ryan and ,  in a business decision ,  benched their starting QB Tyrod Taylor . RT @KevPowers Honest opinion on Pat Shurmur hire  ?   ...  Sometimes low profile hires turn out better than high profile ones . Who's his QB  ?  Marshawn Lynch scheduled to be at Raiders' bldg today to undergo physical . If he passes ,  Raiders and Seahawks expected to finalize trade . Put it down in your calendars . Next year's NFL owners meetings are in New Orleans   first time I ever remember the March meeting there . Now official RT @RAIDERS The Raiders have signed free agent RB Trent Richardson . #WelcomeToTheFamily ...  Now that they've restructured DeMarcus Ware's contract ,  Cowboys plan to restructure contracts of about a dozen more players by March 12.Jets aren't the only QB killas . RT @NickHietpas What about Packers beating Eli ,  Cutler ,  Vick ,  and Matty Ice all in consecutive weeks  ?  All three Jets QBs are active today . Vikings announced HC Mike Zimmer is undergoing a minor procedure today but is expected back at work Saturday . And notice how me ,  @chrisjohnson28 and @vinceyoung10 are all the same height  the fact we're sitting down is just a small detail. RT @HoldMyNunez I have dwayne bowe vincent jackson and malcolm flloyd who do I sit  ?   ...  Don't like giving fantasy tips ,  but don't sit VJ . GB's Mike Daniels signs 4 year ,  42M extension ,  including 22M in first 15 months ,  12 million SB ,  per source . Now 3rd highest paid 3 4 DE . Most interesting part of Chargers placing K Nate Kaeding on IR is that he probably is finished kicking in San Diego . Despite signing with New England only Tuesday ,  tight end Kellen Winslow will be active tonight vs . Baltimore . First New Orleans loss in a while  Browns today signed former Saints linebacker Scott Fujita . Bucs agree to two year deal with QB Josh McCown ,  per @MikeMccartney7.Gruden vs . Gruden QB camp  or Caliendo vs Gruden  ...  At No . 115 ,  Giants select Nebraska LB Phillip Dillard . #nfldraft . By chance any friends or colleagues are up ,  please give me a call . Looking for someone to keep me company on drive to Bristol . Thanks to @markschlereth and my tweet family for your kind birthday wishes . Bet Keifer Sutherland hasn't gotten this many tweets today . Per @Edwerderespn ,  Cowboys have focused their search for a defensive coordinator on longtime NFL assistant Monte Kiffin . More on Broncos HC John Fox's 1 million bonus if Denver wins Super Bowl today  . Packers have gone defense with their 1st pick in each of the past 6 drafts ,  the longest such streak in team history ,  per Elias . Carrie Underwood will sing National Anthem and Queen Latifah will sing America the Beautiful as part of SB XLIV pregame festivities . Von Miller gets MVP   and the franchise tag ,  if not a long term deal first . Despite being on the bubble ,  RB Jamal Lewis made it in Cleveland . Free agent G Shelley Smith ,  whom the Dolphins released today ,  is scheduled to visit the Seahawks on Wednesday . No word on official compensation from Washington to New Orleans ,  but it's thought to be tied to Jammal Brown's performance in 2010.Set the DVRs Robert Griffin III will be on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno tonight . Under HC Sean McVay ,  Rams have scored 142 points ,  the 4th highest total by a team in its first four games of a season with a first year HC . Ravens WR Jeremy Maclin is inactive today vs Bears due to shoulder injury ,  per source . RB Ray Rice got married Friday night to Janay Palmer . Ceremony had been planned for couple of weeks . Got indicted Thursday ,  married Friday . Duke Childrens Hospital reading parts of Jimmy Vs famous 1993 ESPYS speech . #JimmyVWeek  . A huge shout out to @Kashwere . Thank you for helping my family and friends feel so comfortable . Great gifts.The doctor is impressed . RT @OneRamsWay OU QB Sam Bradford just spoke to the media . Very commanding and poised presence . Packers announced a multi year contract extension for HC Mike McCarthy . New GM Marty Hurney keeps doing work . Seattle officially signed QB Tarvaris Jackson ,  who received a 500,000 bonus from the Bills in February . Filed to ESPN Cincinnati signed CB Leon Hall to a four year ,  39 million extension that includes 14.1 million gtd . Deal runs through 2015.Shane Ray now automatically enrolled in behavioral portion of Phase 1 of NFL's substance abuse program ,  sources tell ESPN's Mark Dominik . Joe Haden and Tashaun Gibson out Sunday.Jadeveon Clowney out Sunday.DeMarcus Ware out Sunday . Gary Kubiak Watch is on . Don't miss Depth Chart Wisconsin tonight 7pm on ESPN for an all access look at Heisman contender QB Russell Wilson . Busy day in Dallas Calvin Watkins reports the Cowboys have told WR Roy Williams they will be releasing him . Steve Young on ESPN on his former 49ers team They know they're the best answer for Peyton Manning ... that's why they'll probably land him.Dolphins DE Jason Taylor about Bucs QB Josh Freeman That kid is going to be good ... I've got a lot of respect for that young kid.Some notable actives today include Falcons WR Julio Jones ,  Saints RB Mark Ingram ,  Bengals TE Jermaine Gresham . Cardinals ,  CB Patrick Peterson agreed on 5 year ,  70 million contract . Peterson becomes 1st 2011 1st rounder to do big deal . Chiefs now have lost 8 straight playoff games ,  breaking record they shared with Lions for longest postseason losing streak in NFL history . My apologies to @sarcastiholic . But when you start tweeting your twitter ,  it's really hard to stop . Another player off the market Jaguars gave a 2 year contract to DE Tyson Alualu ,  per source . As @StephaniaESPN reports ,  average return from torn Achilles to play in NFL has been around 11 months based on 2006 study . Could be sooner . And so now ,  Broncos become sixth team looking for a head coach ,  and John Fox looking for a job . Packers now have added RB Christine Michael  back  to injury report he is questionable for NFC Championship game vs . Falcons . RT @OneWinLions @AdamSchefter His Collarbone Can't Break ... He's No Longer A Lions 1st Round WR . Thoughts and prayers this morning ,  and always ,  for all the people in West Virginia . So San Diego lost Keenan Allen to ACL in week 1 ,  Danny Woodhead to same in week 2. Brutal . Ejections for two unsportsmanlike conduct penalties and touchbacks being brought out to 25 yard line are one year experiments . In game commentary . A 40 year old mother of two has won a spot this season as a Saints' cheerleader  . So just as Eli Manning gets to keep his OC as HC ,  Jameis Winston gets the same . Another OC hired . By now it's pretty apparent that McNabb won't practice this week   but Vick ,  Garcia and Kolb will . Packers WR Jeff Janis has fracture in right hand . Jay Cutler went through meetings today as if he would play vs . Carolina . Kevin Kolb didn't attend his Monday meetings after his concussion . Kokinis was so withdrawn and detached from the rest of the Cleveland organization that the Browns ordered him into counseling . How can any other NFL game this weekend   or this postseason   live up to that  ?  Notice how Eagles re signed Jeremy Maclin and Riley Cooper Before free agency ,  then traded for  weapon Darren Sproles . Knew this was coming . Eagles acquire WR Arrelious Benn and a 7th rd pick this year from Tampa Bay for a 6th round pick in 2013 and a conditional pick in 2014.Gruden and Jaworski for a 1 ,  3 and 5. RT @xidingoix how many draft picks would the browns need to trade ESPN for jon gruden  ?  Tuesday's Hearing in front of Paul Tagliabue is postponed because of the weather . Steelers' RB LeVeon Bell is having his suspension reduced from 4 to 3 games ,  sources told ESPN . Vikings and LB Chad Greenway have agreed to a long term contract extension ,  according to team . 49ers announced they have signed CB Perrish Cox to a two year contract.More Wayne I hope that a fair resolution can be reached in the not too distant future that ... Since John HarbaughJoe Flacco arrived in Baltimore in 2008 ,  Ravens have played 13 playoff games ,  most in NFL during that time . Rams RB Tre Mason inactive . Benny Cunningham starts . Falcons signed wide receiver Julio Jones ,  linebacker Akeem Dent and running back Jacquizz Rodgers to contracts . RT @scotty2hotty605 Just watched the Lynch run again . Amazing . I think he made Sam Mills and Pat Swilling miss ,  too .  ...  Missed those . Wow . Now back to football Baltimore has won a franchise record 9 straight divisional games as well as a franchise record 12 straight home games . So Browns GM Ray Farmer suspended four games and team fined 250,000 for Text Gate . Washington giving former Dallas DL Jason Hatcher a 4 year deal . RT @scottbwalters  Is there still any question that Kurt Warner will be in the HoF  ?  &lt  Not from me . To me ,  he's a lock . Tom Brady present for start of practice during stretching drills ,  which means Patriots can list him as limited . But Brady not practicing . Steelers list Stephon Tuitt as questionable for Sundays game against Bears while TJ Watt and Marcus Gilbert already are ruled out . At No . 214 ,  Minnesota drafted Penn State TE Mickey Shuler ,  the son of former Penn State TE Mickey Shuler ,  #nfldraft . OLB Josh Martin is re signing w the NY Jets for 2 years 4.3M ,  per source . Reggie Wayne and New England Patriots have reached agreement on a one year deal ,  league source told ESPN . RT @mwg131 Are dolphins packing it in for a chance at Andrew luck  ?   ...  Players' contracts not guaranteed . They're not packing in anything . This . Is . Cool . RT @SportsCenter HAPPY 121212 !  When Browns signed RB Trent Richardson ,  they gave him a 13,341,672 signing bonus . Money's gone ,  gone ,  gone . Aaron Hernandez accomplice is labeled a rat in his neighborhood ...  A crushing blow to Seattle Seahawks LB Lofa Tatupu out for the year with a torn pectoral muscle . Latest update on Steelers LB Ryan Shazier  . Jimmy Clausen experienced delayed symptoms Sunday night ,  contacted trainers and was taken to hospital ,  where he was diagnosed w concussion . Kansas City's Tamba Hali has been suspended without pay for the teams first 2012 regular season game and fined one ad  . Seahawks rounded out their 53 man active roster by signing wide receiver Ruvell Martin ,  defensive end Jay Richardson and center Chris White . Cowboys WR Dez Bryant told reporters he left field early Sunday so no one would see him cry . RT @Dmarkm78 Any news on wether it will be Portis ,  Torain ,  both or neither tomorrow night  ?   ...  Sounds like Torain ready ,  Portis not quite . Eagles claimed safety Brett Johnson off waivers from the Buffalo Bills . Sam Bradford is out Sunday vs . Detroit . Seahawks signed WR Doug Baldwin to a four year extension ,  per source . Now under contract through 2020.Browns CB Joe Haden agreed to 5 year extension with CLEV ,  as @ProFootballTalk reported . It's a 68M deal ,  including 45M guaranteed . This is Adam's wife ,  taking over his Twitter again . Must be summer . Or franchise tags took it out of him ...  Albert Haynesworth reported to Redskins today ,  met with Mike Shahanan . Haynesworth must pass conditioning test before he can practice . San Diego is off and running Chargers have requested permission for HC interview with Patriots DC Matt Patricia ,  per source . And Friday's deadline came and went without any team signing Steelers RFA WR Mike Wallace to an offer sheet . So it's back to Pittsburgh . If @giantspathanlon and your team need any restaurant recommendations while stranded in KC ,  happy to oblige . Hope you make it to Minny OK . And so now ,  with the Titans and Chance Warmack reaching agreement ,  all of this year's 1st rd picks are under contract . RT @espnnfl   Oakland Raiders may have to start Kyle Boller at QB vs . Denver Broncos  . Seen enough to be confident of this ,  @richeisen and @jalenrose . If Denard stays healthy ,  he walks away with the Heisman . Browns signed K Cody Parkey and placed K Patrick Murray  knee  on injured reserve . Arizona and former Miami K Dan Carpenter reached agreement on 1 yr deal . Carpenter once took Jay Feely's job in Miami . Lockout is legal ,  8th circuit ruled . Per @mortreport to ESPN WR Josh Gordon will explore the possibility of playing in the Canadian Football League the remainder of the year . Good news for the Cardinals . Both Anquan Boldin and Steve Breaston are active today . Richard Sherman requests and receives Mario Kart dub of Tyler Lockett punt return TD ...  Filed to ESPN Sources confirm a bearded ,  heavyset man was spotted jumping into chimneys in your area . Be on lookout . Merry Christmas to all . Patriots RB Shane Vereen ,  listed as questionable with shoulder injury ,  is expected to play . Now this is a challenge Melvin Gordon's mom ,  Carmen ,  won't wear her son's Chargers' jersey until he proves himself . Bills requested permission to interview Colts offensive coordinator Pep Hamilton ,  per team source . Steelers LB Ryan Shazier shows gradual improvement ,  but still faces uncertain future . Seahawks announced they re signed DE Chris Clemons ,  who spent 2010 2013 with the team . Eagles announced they reached agreement with CB Cary Williams and S Kenny Phillips . Listen to Al Davis and John Madden . Awesome stuff . Titans QB Marcus Mariota has a sprained MCL the team will evaluate later this week will make it tough to play Sunday . 49ers announced they have signed T Joe Staley to a two year contract extension through the 2019 season . A presser today ,  but Colts GM Chris Ballard intends to keep HC Chuck Pagano for 2017 ,  then re evaluate for 2018 ,  per league sources . The New York Jets signed veteran QB Mark Brunell to a two year deal . More at ESPN.comRams opted against offering T.O . a contract ,  so cross St . Louis off the list . There's Cincinnati ... and Cincinnati ... and ...  ? RT @danmaren Didn't you say Miami was trying to move back  ?   Doing what they should  ?   ...  Correct . Exploring both options . As they should . And so Wes Welker goes from Tom Brady to Peyton Manning . Elvis Dumervil restructured his contract from a 12 million base salary to 8 million . NFL response to Aldon Smith's reinstatement request could come this week . So @miketirico goes insider ,  breaking news Jon Gruden has new deal with ESPN through 2021. Bad for Raiders good for ESPN and @FrankCaliendo . Sunday NFL Countdown now kicks off one hour earlier ,  forevermore . Now on from 10 a.m . ET to 1 p.m . Please tune in . One day after interviewing former Bears HC Lovie Smith ,  Chargers are interviewing former Cardinals HC Ken Whisenhunt today for their HC job . RT @Bennhoff I'm assuming this means Kroenke will need to sell NuggetsAvs  ?   ...  Don't think so . Kroenke's smart . He knows how to do this . For first time this season ,  Raiders QB Terrelle Pryor will be active ,  though coaches are uncertain whether they will actually play him . Eagles must get permission from Giants to interview Tom Coughlin being that he stepped down with year on deal . Giants will not stand in way . RT @JennBrownESPN Michigan QB Denard Robinson  bruised knee  expected to play Saturday vs . Indiana . Filed to ESPN Chargers traded cornerback Antonio Cromartie to Jets for a 2011 third round pick that could turn to a second . After win over Denver ,  Falcons RB Michael Turner arrested for DUI . Teammates still attempting to change his mind ,  but Seahawks' RB Marshawn Lynch has told some close to him he plans to retire ,  per sources . Packers signed second round pick ,  former Purdue DE Mike Neal . RT @koval1323 any chance nnamdi still gets traded  ?   ...  Everyone wants the player ,  no one wants his contract . No Nnamdi trade happening . RT @MattClark35 How will Cam Newton do against GB  ?   ...  After he was single biggest week 1 surprise ,  anxious to see . Much tougher test . Steelers vets required to report to camp by 4 pm today . Unsigned WR Mike Wallace not expected to report . Two sides not close at this time . Short of playoff trip this season that could force ramped up efforts to keep him ,  Brian Hoyer expected to depart Cleveland after this season . Need to step up my game ...  RT @NewFoundGoody Eagles will HAVE had ,  Adam  !  Cmon man  !  Six Points Johnny Manziel's audition is for more than Cleveland.Wes Welker has agreed to terms with Denver Broncos . Chiefs HC Andy Reid said the preliminary reports are that Jamaal Charles tore his ACL . RT @SportsCenter Brett Favre is deliberating whether to have the procedure or simply to end his 19 year NFL career . And DeMarcus Lawrence has left the field with an ankle injury ,  the latest Cowboys defender to be injured at practice . RT @Notretsam is Marshawn Lynch on the trade block  ?   ...  On the block   no . Would Bills deal him for right price   yes . Colts released cornerback Antonio Cromartie and waived inside linebacker Sio Moore . Chris Berman and @tunasweasel proposing to permanently move Halloween to last Saturday in October every year . How do we make this happen  ?  Bucs placed DE Adrian Clayborn on IR . These Seahawks just might be the best 7 9 team I've ever seen . Amazing how similar the careers of Marshawn Lynch and HOF RB Earl Campbell turned out to be ...  Seahawks signed QB Austin Davis ... so no Colin Kaepernick there officially . Cardinals LB John Abraham is suffering from memory loss and has been for well over a year ,  per sources . Could be end of his NFL career . NFL is asking asking each home team this weekend to observe a moment of silence or other appropriate gesture in memory of Art Modell . Titans have requested to interview Chris Polian for GM ,  per source . Seahawks hired Tom Cable as assistant head coachoffensive line coach and Todd Wash as defensive line coach, . Despite what Packers GM Ted Thompson said ,  Green Bay has had no contact to date with Michael Vick . Always could change . For now ,  curiosity . ICYMI @LisaMcCaffrey6 talks about Mother's Day and Christian's first NFL contract.LISTEN  . Dolphins RB Damien Williams is inactive ,  Miami WR DeVante Parker is active . Patriots activated DL Ron Brace off the PUP list . Three Jets   WR Jeremy Kerley ,  RB Daryl Richardson and S Durell Eskridge   suffered concussions during Friday night game vs . Falcons . Breaking Stephen A passed me in hall and said Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni is resigning . So there's that . Hard to argue RT @bhofheimerespn @jawsespn on Cam Newton's wk 1 performance on @PTI Maybe the most impressive QB debut I've ever seen.Redskins RB Tim Hightower is active today how much work he'll actually get is a different question . Redskins ride the hot hand at RB . Fans having meeting with Randy Lerner before MNF . RT @dawgpndboy how would a browns fan contact team to address concerns and talk to them  ?  Suspension coming for Gronk  ?  Why it's possible ,  via @SeifertESPN . Bears LB Jerrell Freeman suspended 10 regular season andor postseason games for violating NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . Eagles sign US Army Ranger Alejandro Villanueva ,  who served last four years as active member of US Army ,  including 3 tours in Afghanistan . RT Best wishes to our friend ,  Andrea . @tunasweasel How tough is Andrea Kremer  ?  On TV last night 4 days after surgery for detached retina . How's this for a reverse ESPN signed signed former Buccaneers GM Mark Dominik to join its NFL Insiders team . A new spike for Gronk  . Not happening . RT @AirFlacco Coach Harbaugh had a big grin on his face when local news asked him about T.O. ,  any substance to this  ?  Don't know what he tweeted but many think it'll happen . RT @Dreesq any truth to Lavar Arrington's Tweet about Chris Samuels retiring  ?  A Metro Bureau of Investigation  MBI  drug canine named Tebow sniffed out a suitcase of a kilogram of cocaine at Orlando Intl Airport . Broncos RB Knowshon Moreno has a bruised ankle and team believes he'll practice this week . Morning of the NFL Draft ,  morning of the regular season opener ,  morning of the Super Bowl ,  best mornings of the season . Great morning . Postseason NFL Countdown 11 am and 3 pm ,  leading into ESPN's first NFL playoff game at 420.Thx to @miklasz @davidmartinezmu @jrupe@phishsticks . Cowboys QB Mark Sanchez and RB Alfred Morris inactive today so is Packers DB Quinten Rollins . Damarious Randall is active . Siete . NY Daily News editorial board declaring they will no longer use Redskins to refer to Washington franchise.Early red substance on wall nominees blood ,  ketchup ,  nail polish ,  taco sauce ,  jelly ,  jello . Or ,  as @BmoreDavy wrote ,  What's it taste like  ?  Packers believe WR James Jones ,  listed as questionable with a knee injury ,  is likely to play Monday night vs . the Bears . Four notable players returning this week from one game suspensions Marcell Dareus ,  LaGarrette Blount ,  T.J . Ward and Datone Jones . Congratulations ,  Bill . Even the New England Patriots are uncertain who will be starting at quarterback next Sunday vs . the Buffalo ...  Titans at Steelers tonight Ben Roethlisberger now has won his last five prime time starts ,  and 10 of his last 11. Here we come Baltimore ... 3 pm eastern ... like now ... Jacksonville hopes to do better than this tonight ...  Two people familiar with situation believe it is unlikely Carson Palmer will start Sunday ,  though no final decision has been made . Singer ,  songwriter and member of Bruce Springsteen's E Street Band Nils Lofgren expresses outrage on Michael Vick  . RT @RahimT12 Dammit Schefter  !  Enough with Pearl Jam ,  stick to Nirvana  !     ...  Hey ,  @RahimT12. Just breathe . RT @MikeReiss ESPN's John Clayton with details of Torry Holt's deal with Pats   1 year ,  could be worth up to 1.7 million . A top Steelers defender is done for the season . 11 percent unemployment beat a 10 win team Tampa did not sell out and Lions Bucs game will be blacked out in the Florida area . Packers RB Ty Montgomery broke his ribs ,  as @RapSheet said . Injury happened on first play of game . Packers uncertain how long hell be out . JT Johnson said Keenan Allen was retested this month for previous ankle and knee injuries and it had nothing to do with any drug test . NFL Twitter account still is being hacked.And Roger Goodell still is alive . Sometimes a trip to Turkey is just enough to get a man's mind right ... Former Saints DT Sedrick Ellis has reached agreement on a one year deal with the Chicago Bears . Vikings get Teddy Bridgewater ,  who becomes last pick of first round . Three QBs go in round one . More in round two . RT @justinofdoom are fans actually going to support him playing for their team  ?  I am a big Texans fan and would NEVER cheer for Vick . Houston Texans signed former Jaguars and Colts RBKR Deji Karim ,  per his agent @JBXAM . A potential Rhodes replacement Jets are scheduled Wednesday to visit with Cleveland free agent S Brodney Pool ,  a former 2nd round pick . Cardinals and former Bengals TE Jermaine Gresham reached agreement on one year deal ,  per league source . #KnowThemFromAdam RB Eddie Lacy on FA . Plus ,  Landon Collins' cant miss 'Bama draft prospect of 17.  ...  RT @Jstein2469 @AdamSchefter Buccaneers have now fired more coordinators  2  than they have wins  1  !  Can it get any worse  ?  Patroits believe Rob Gronkowski tore his ACL ,  as @MikeGarafolo reported . MRI on Monday to confirm it is torn . Bears are expected to retain WR Alshon Jeffery ,  either by signing him to long term deal or tagging him ,  per sources . He likes that San Antonio Spurs send Kirk Cousins a jersey . Big news from @mortreport Ray Rice released . Finished with Baltimore . Former Browns RB Jamal Lewis apparently not ready to retire yet . He's visiting the New Orleans Saints . Chargers 1st round pick Mike Williams will make his NFL debut  Sunday vs Raiders after battling a back injury since off season ,  per source . Bengals RB Cedric Benson is active today . Filed to ESPN Mcnabb to Redskins for 2nd rd pick this year and either a 3 or 4 next year depending on certain conditions . Per @Edwerderespn ,  the Dallas Cowboys have reached agreement with Monte Kiffin to become their defensive coordinator . Who had a more decorated Rams career ,  Rob Ryan or Titus Young  ?  Vikings also optimistic that Xavier Rhodes and Anthony Barr ,  both questionable ,  will be able to play Sunday vs Pittsburgh . Cleveland traded up to 22. Oh boy ... In a memo sent to NFL clubs today ,  Roger Goodell re emphasized that any program of non contract bonuses is a violation of league rules . Former Cardinals DT Darnell Dockett is signing with the 49ers ,  per his agent Drew Rosenhaus . Hines Ward injured hamstring late in Sunday's loss Mike Tomlin said Ward is questionable for Thursday night vs . Browns . Over his first 3 seasons ,  Chris Johnson had 4,598 rush yards ,  3rd most in NFL history behind Eric Dickerson and Earl Campbell ,  via Elias SB . Freedom of speech RT @jharrison9292 I'm absolutely sure after this last rule change that the people making the rules at the NFL are idiots . Last time Green Bay humiliated an opponent as badly as it did to Minnesota today ,  Wade Phillips got fired on Monday . #justsayin . Big thank you to linesmen and repair crews who worked as hard as they have ,  and endured their own hardships ,  to restore power in NY and NJ . MJD is inactive . RT @caplannfl Cardinals cut QB Brian Hoyer ,  source confirmed . This was tremendous  . One back down Broncos HC Josh McDaniels said he expects RB Knowshon Moreno to miss Sunday's game . retired . And with the No . 1 overall pick ,  the Kansas City Chiefs are now on the clock . Still an interesting free agent WR market that includes Michael Crabtree ,  Greg Jennings ,  Dwayne Bowe ,  Stevie Johnson ,  Denarius Moore . Can watch this over and over   and we will for years . Jason Mitchell found guilty of 1st degree felony murder and armed burglary sentenced to life in prison for his role in killing Sean Taylor . With no state taxes in Florida ,  No . 2 pick Luke Joeckel will make 284K more than No . 1 pick Eric Fisher ,  via @SportsTaxMan . Guess Jessica Simpson has a new gal pal to hang out with ... RT @peoplemag Kim Kardashian and Reggie Bush call it quits  !  Eagles free agent cornerback Dominque Rodgers Cromartie is scheduling a visit with the Denver Broncos . Hard to imagine spring is near but it is Daylight Savings is 12 days away ,  Sunday March 14 ,  when clocks are set ahead one hour . Sounds like California struggling to sell NFL tickets . RT @VittorioTafur In case you hadn't heard ,  Raiders game blacked out Sunday . RT @TomKowalski36 Jahvid Best expects to play on Sunday  ...  His presence will totally change the way the Packers play defense  ... Patriots tradefor DE Derrick Burgess ,  former Pro Bowler in Oakland . Waiting on terms . But Patriots get another disgruntled Raider   ie Moss . Five teams   Broncos ,  Patriots ,  Ravens ,  Texans ,  Falcons   lead divisions by at least 3 games  not including 49ers ,  who have 2.5 game lead .Patriots have benched LB Adalius Thomas in two games and in those games have given up only one TD . More bench time ahead . Texans RB Arian Foster will start today vs . the Steelers . Fact of day Mel Kiper Jr . NEVER has taken a bathroom break during any draft . Ever . More impressive streak than Brett Favre's . 2000.QB John David Booty signed to Titans practice squad today . Former Saints kicker Garrett Hartley ,  whom Pittsburgh released Tuesday ,  is now fully recovered from hamstring injury and drawing interest . Another perfect game  !  RT @tunasweasel Tedy Bruschi bowled a 300 today . Details on Wednesday's NFL Live  . Broncos DL Antonio Smith intends to play in Super Bowl 50 despite learning today his father died from complications of recent heart surgery . RT @deloureiro What are we going to find out about you in the new book  ?   ...  That I'm not worthy enough to even make it ,  I'd guess . Eagles trading S Terrence Brooks to Jets for CB Dexter McDougle ,  per source . Jets needed 3rd safety . Basically ,  in a roundabout way ,  the Seahawks traded Deion Branch for Marshawn Lynch . Gave up a 4th ,  get back a 4th . And @JosinaAnderson reports the Colts are giving Andre Johnson a 3 year ,  21 million deal . Matches what is being said around league RT @ProFootballTalk Report Bills extremely interested in S Mark Barron  . Eagles confirm they have interviewed former Cardinals coach Ken Whisenhunt today . RT @espn New Orleans Saints RBs Reggie Bush ,  Pierre Thomas out vs . Pittsburgh Steelers    . Clark Judge does a superb job of allowing others to explain where lockout is today and where it is headed soon . Broncos agreed to terms with former EaglesTexans TE James Casey on a one year contract ,  per team . Casey ,  Owen Daniels ,  Kubiak reunited . Colts announced they waived outside linebacker Bjoern Werner . Bears traded up in second round to the Rams pick at No . 45 ... Steelers' RB LeVeon Bell now will be eligible to play Week 4 vs the Kansas City Chiefs . RT @RachelNichols    Saints players tell me they don't expect leading rusher Chris Ivory to play  hamstring .No surprise but Cowboys WR Dez Bryant officially out Sunday . For what it's worth ,  being told that Vikings wide receiver Percy Harvin is fine and his unspecified injury is not considered serious . Colts announced TE Coby Fleener has a mild knee sprain.RT @AnthonyKShriver We have a signed Tom Brady football starting at 350. Think we can beat 1000 ?  Giants RB David Wilson will undergo pivotal MRI on his neck this week that will determine when or if he able to play again this season . Ricky Williams starts tonight . He last started for the Dolphins on November 16 ,  2008 vs . the Oakland Raiders ,  rushing 13 times for 49 yards . So it's Bengals Texans Sat afternoon ,  Lions Saints Sat night ,  Falcons NFC East winner Sunday 1 ET ,  Steelers Broncos 430 ET . Baltimore released its QB coach Jim Zorn today . Not a fit for either side . Zorn is expected to draw interest from other teams . What's the problem with Steelers QB Charlie Batch starting opening day vs . Atlanta  ?  Raiders' HC Jack Del Rio on Derek Carr's broken fibula  . More Moss material . RT @espn Sources Randy Moss ,  New England Patriots quarterbacks coach in heated exchange Monday    . Worth the time to read this column from an old friend RT @AroundTheHorn Woody Paige's column in Denver Post today  . For those looking for a hint of what Dont'a Hightower might decide today ,  here's what he said last month . In a win ,  Tampa Bay suffered some major losses . Bucs DT Gerald McCoy tore his biceps and LB Quincy Black suffered a significant arm injury . Jacksonville will fire GM Gene Smith ,  per sources . Two GM candidates in Jacksonville will be Cardinals' Jason Licht and 49ers' Tom Gamble . While it's unlikely Falcons RB Devonta Freeman will play Monday night at Seattle due to his second concussion of th  . Which happens first Chiefs finally will hold a lead during a game or my family will get back the power we've been without now for 15 days  ?  Mike Shanahan makes life challenging for fantasy football owners . Plans to feature RBs Alfred Morris ,  Tristan Davis ,  Evan Royster vs Bears . In need of receiving help ,  Indianapolis worked out three veteran wideouts D.J . Hackett ,  David Patten ,  and Chad Jackson . Amazingly shortsighted . Amazingly . RT @TheRedzoneorg Colts Announcer Bob Lamey Blasts Peyton Manning Off Air   . My team in 16 team PPR A . Rodgers ,  A.J . Green ,  Ryan Mathews ,  J . Maclin ,  A . Hernandez ,  CJ Spiller ,  M . Bush ,  A . Morris ,   . RT @IBeScottyDo GB plays in AZ week 17 then possibly in AZ wild card weekend . has that ever happened  ?   ...  Broncos @ LA Raiders in 1994.Rain in NY is nothing   24 inches of snow in metro Denver by tomorrow . Supposed to snow for 36 hours straight . Ravens' CB Tray Walker is in critical condition after being involved in a serious motorbike accident in Southeast Florida . Lions DT Ndamukong Suh called NFL commissioner Roger Goodell last night to apologize for his behavior during Detroit's loss to Green Bay . Seahawks LB Bruce Irvin plans to sign with Oakland Raiders when signing period opens Wednesday ,  source tells ESPN . More pass rushers for OAK . Here's one other team that has discussed trading for Tim Tebow ,  even if it is considered a longshot the Jets . The 22 prospects scheduled to attend NFL Draft in Philadelphia ,  via @RLiuNFL . Patriots LS Joe Cardona  Navy  was informed his transition to reserves is complete and he will be at start of training camp ,  per @MikeReiss . After Ronde Barber picked off Troy Smith ,  Derrick Brooks   sitting behind me   is laughing and saying ,  Vintage Cover 2 !  Vintage Cover 2 ! Cardinals RB Andre Ellington has a Grade 1 PCL Sprain . Estimated return to play 2 to 3 weeks ,  per @JosinaAnderson . Denver Broncos designated tight end Joel Dreessen as releasedfailed physical ,  the team announced . For the record ,  I offered to donate my brain to science ,  and science rejected my offer . Interesting take on Patriots free agent DE Jarvis Green . Where will Tiki Barber play in 2011 ?  Please cast your vote   . Jets QB Ryan Fitzpatrick ,  set for MRI ,  to remain starter if healthy . Hmmm . Bears assistant coaches sent home today ,  told to come back tomorrow ,  when Lovie Smith will hold his end of season press conference . Drew Brees told @EdWerderespn Kenny Stills is bigger version of Lance Moore ,  Nick Toon reminds him of Vincent Jackson . Former Chargers safety Paul Oliver died at age 29 ,  too soon . RIP ... Patriots announced they released former Redskins franchise TE Fred Davis . LA Airport police detained 49ers LB Aldon Smith after he indicated he possessed a bomb ,  per public LA policeinformation officer Karla Ortiz . Look for Kevin Kolb being traded to Arizona for Dominique Rodgers Cromartie and a draft pick by the end of the week . Eventually ,   former  49ers GM Scot McCloughan is going to have options . Many believe he'll wind up with his friend Ted Thompson in GB . Titans WR Rishard Matthews told @wingoz on @NFLLiveesp that he plans to keep kneeling during Anthem until the President apologizes.From April 1 22 ,  w exception of Easter ,  Randy Gregory will travel to new city every day . This week NYJ to PITT to STL to AZ to CHI to HOU . Dolphins RB Daniel Thomas is active ,  as he believed he would be . Despite daily contact ,  JAGS and MJD have not made progress and the holdout is expected to last until end of month and could linger into Sept . Giants DE Justin Tuck has played this season with a torn labrum that will require surgery this month . Injury came from Flozell Adams trip . Fun segment with Mort and I coming up now on Sunday NFL Countdown   10 questions . Eagles officially ruled out Sam Bradford Mark Sanchez starts Sunday vs . Buccaneers . Former Raiders S Michael Huff is scheduled to visit the Ravens this week . Sean Payton to Dallas speculation starts ... now .  My guess is Edwards after bye ,  then draft another in April . RT @Hogan8r @AdamSchefter I really wanna hear ur take on Buffalo Qb situation . Defense team of Tom Brady was given 4 hours today to present its entire case . Proceedings expected to wrap today ,  not continue Thursday . As of 5 pm Saturday ,  Pats TE Rob Gronkowski still had not been cleared by doctors to play Sun vs . NO . Without clearance ,  he will not play . Go to trending topics ,  click on Jack Kevorkian ,  and read some brilliant humor in 140 characters . RIP ,  Dr . LAPD booked 49ers LB Aldon Smith for California Penal Code 148.1 a    False report of a bomb threat . Lebron James is on Twitter @kingjames with 31K followers . Bet he has plenty more in time for the annoucnement that's expected Wednesday . Texans' JJ Watt done rehabbing back ,  cleared for football . San Francisco OC Greg Roman will interview today for the Minnesota Vikings head coaching job ,  per league sources . Anthony Lynn ,  Todd Haley 'brothers for life' after Lynn dodged death ...  RT @jwerkley What the what is going on in St . Louis  ?   Is this swine flue for real  ?   ...  Teams don't cancel practices for nothing . One reason the Chiefs signed QB Terrelle Pryor is because KC quarterback Tyler Bray has a torn ACL in his left knee . RT @jgaffoglio @AdamSchefter just saw bus on Dale mabry  !   Heading to blue martini  ?  !   ...  I've lost track . Truly have no idea where I am . RT @ProFootballTalk ... Adam Schefter on his book ,  The Class Of Football  . One move filled an opening in Washington and created another in San Francisco . Redskins hired former SF asst . Chris Foerster as O line coach . Awesome . RT @sethmeyers21 I'm hosting EPSY's on July 14th .  And ,  in the style of sports ,  we're doing it Live .  Bengals terminated the contract of DE Derrick Harvey ,  the former Jacksonville first round pick . Unless Seahawks CBs Richard Sherman and Brandon Browner have the appeals of their four game suspensions heard this wee  . QB getting the least amount of buzz who is likely to go higher than people expect Mississippi State's Dak Prescott . RT @EricStangel Oscars   The Chicago Bears just signed Quinton Aaron who played Michael Oher in The Blind Side to 5 yr50mil deal . When a new drug policy is approved as early as this afternoon ,  Josh Gordon's suspension expected to be reduced to 8 games ,  per source . ICYMI ,  big loss CB Desmond Trufant has torn pectoral expected to require season ending surgery ,  per sources.Hope in Pittsburgh RT @FantasyGuru MT @steelers L . Bell has a mid foot sprain and will not need surgery to repair it .    @CoachTomlin . Appeal of the four game suspension for Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman will be held Friday ,  two days before game vs . SF . Saints placed S Darren Sharper ,  WRs Robert Meachem and Marques Colston and LB Clint Ingram on the physically unable to perform list . Eagles inactives McCoy ,  Justice ,  D.Jackson ,  T.Cole ,  Laws ,  Bradley ,  Samuel and Vick . Packers and Texans staffs will coach at this season's Pro Bowl . With one horrible call ,  Jim Joyce stole a perfect game from Armando Galarraga and stole a shining spotlight from Ken Griffey Jr . Filed to ESPN Mike Holmgren informed Eric Mangini and his full staff they will return to work in 2010   then said ,  Let's get to work . Welcome back @SIPeter King  !  Tom Brady starring as ... Tommy Salami  . Buccaneers announced they  re signed WR Tiquan Underwood and released WR Preston Parker . Titans QB Kerry Collins officially starts today ,  with Chris Simms as the No . 2 and Rusty Smith as the No . 3.Madden 16 Cover Boy @OBJ3.He becomes first Giant and youngest player ever to appear on Madden cover . Redskins Every contract entered into by the club during the applicable periods  was  approved by the NFL commissioners office.On it goes Broncos C Dan Koppen carted off practice field Sunday with lower leg injury . Cardinals use 6th rd pick on Texas AM WR Ryan Swope ,  who was off many boards due to concussions but is worth gamble so late in draft . Biggest win of the season for PSU it was so afraid Bill O'Brien was leaving ,  it started to contact other head coaching candidates . Browns LB Jamie Collins suffered a concussion today vs Ravens . RT @Jets4Life52 Aaron Maybin for comeback player of the year  ?   ...  A worthy nomination . Eagles waived DE Marcus Smith . RT @23sOnTheFeet Who do the ninerstake with their first pick u think  ?   ...  An OL or a WR ,  whichever is better . With no Schottenheimer in Buffalo ,  top choices now would be 1  Leslie Frazier 2  Russ Grimm 3  The Field . But this could change . A good year for the Harbaugh brothers . John Harbaugh finalized his extension with Ravens weeks after Jim Harbaugh signed with 49ers . One more retired players' benefit New Legacy Fund will increase by 620 million over ten years . Washington RB Matt Jones out vs . Bengals on Sunday . Rashard Mendenhall ,  Troy Polamalu ,  James Harrison ,  Marcus Gilbert probable for Steelers . In two months ,  the East Coast has dealt with an earthquake ,  a hurricane and now a snowstorm . #SureEverythingIsNormal . Jets WR Eric Decker ,  listed as questionable with knee injury ,  plans to play today vs . Oakland ,  per source . An NFL GM told @mortreport that Washington QB Jake Locker is a bigger ,  taller ,  right handed version of Steve Young . Browns free agent WR Mohamed Massaquoi visited Jacksonville on Monday Seahawks free agent DT Alan Branch in Buffalo today . 49ers shopping LB NaVorro Bowman ,  and there are teams interested ,  sources tell ESPN . His time in SF soon could come to an end . Keyshawn Johnsons nephew ,  OSU WR Michael Thomas ,  selected by Saints . Johnson played for Sean Payton in Dallas ,  now nephew does in NO . Lions now listing Calvin Johnson with a foot injury ,  not a Madden Cover Curse ,  @@sandysandovalEA . A nice one two RT @ESPNNOW Brad Nessler and Trent Dilfer to call Chargers Chiefs on Monday Night Football Sept . 13    . Bears announced they signed OL Eben Britton . Crowds bigger in Texas ,  too . An NFL record 105,121 fans attending tonight's Cowboys Giants game . Chiefs safety Eric Berry is back from Hodgkins Lymphoma . Well done ...  now  ?  buddy . RT @RickMaese Shanahan says OC Kyle Shanahan is so much further than I was at his age ,  it's unbelievable #NFLdraft . How do people in Indiana feel about what's going on with Peyton Manning  ?  My recommendation ,  @ehasselbeck . Don't leave your Twitter feed open at home . Somebody here likes to jump on and tweet away . Vikings RB Dalvin Cook down with a non contact knee injury . Wrapped up our 1 on 1 chat with @NFLCommish Roger Goodell an hour ago will air during 6 pm SportsCenter ,  then throughout the night on ESPN . Colts DE Dwight Freeney active and starting . And @mortreport reports Trent Richardson is tentatively scheduled to have arthroscopic surgery Thursday to remove a h  . Minnesota gave former Chiefs QB Matt Cassel a one year ,  4 million deal . Raiders will start QB Terrelle Pryor in their preseason finale   job is his to put away . This PA jumped rooftops ,  flipped over staircases & satellites to deliver the highlight reel to @ESPNSteveLevy  . Some cars on east side of Manhattan on 20th St . now under water ... Carson WentzJosh McCownDeshaun WatsonAaron RodgersCarson PalmerSam BradfordRyan TannehillAndrew LuckYear o  . Bengals signed DT Shaun Smith and placed rookie TE Chase Coffman on injured reserve . Eagles WR Steve Smith returns to NY tonight but dont be surprised if he winds up there next season as well after his contract expires . NFL reviewing incidents with officials involving Ravens HC John Harbaugh ,  Patriots HC Bill Belichick and Redskins OC Kyle Shanahan . Here's the requested link to the Tom Cable story . And now ,  the Cleveland Browns have released rookielinebacker Ausar Walcott . #LawAndOrder . And here we go ... Happy Season ,  everybody . Chiefs scheduling GM interviews with SEA's Scott Fitterer ,  TENN's Ryan Cowden ,  amongst others . Team still has not contacted Louis Riddick . Back to Nebraska Former Packers and Texans RB Ahman Green has signed with the Omaha Nighthawks of the UFL . Cards VP of Player Personnel Jason Licht interviewed Tuesday for Buccanneers GM job . Falcons Lionel Vital also interviewed Tues for 2nd time . Can only pray now . RT @MrCaseyNunez Sadly Due To Water Conditions 42f Ed Reeds Mother Has Informed Me The Search Has Been Called Off . RIP ,  Orlando Zeus Brown .  Brown ,  the former Ravens and Browns OT ,  was a mere 40.As @ProFootballTalk alluded ,  Raiders are currently 20,344,178 over 2012 salary cap if cap stays flat.some major trimming to do . Showed him the money RT @espnnfl 2010 NFL training camp Houston Texans ,  Andre Johnson close to striking new deal   . So final breakdown is this For Sam Bradford ,  Eagles get a first round pick in 2017 and a conditional 4th in 2018.Jets owner Woody Johnson is preparing to hire former Texans and Redskins GM Charley Casserly as a consultant in ...  Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch ,  scheduled to make 5.5M this season ,  told former teammate @RealMikeRob he is holding out of training camp . Ravens officially have terminated the contracts of vested veterans FB Vonta Leach and LB Jameel McClain . Washington State QB Luke Falk announces he is returning for his senior season . Vikings scheduled to have nine picks today ,  while the Packers ,  Seahawks ,  Browns and Steelers each are scheduled to have seven . Cowboys free agent CB Mike Jenkins has a scheduled visit with the Jaguars for Thursday . Titans are releasing WR Justin Hunter ,  per source . Titans reach agreement with veteran NFL WR Kevin Curtis ,  who has overcome testicular cancer . SF at Hou ,  8Bal at NO ,  8Den at Dal ,  8Min at Ten ,  8Chi at Cle ,  8AZ at SD ,  10Sea at Oak ,  10 . Colts offensive lineman Ben Ijalana and linebacker A.J . Edds both suffered torn ACLs and are done for the season . Rihanna ,  one of the women at the center of domestic violence abuse ,  is singing the open for Thursday Night Football .  . Ravens RB Bernard Pierce is inactive . My boss RT @tunasweasel No you won't RT @AdamSchefter If there's a new CBA by the Super Bowl ,  I will grow and wear a mustache for a month . Saints CB Delvin Breaux expected to miss six weeks after having surgery Monday to repair a broken fibula ,  said HC Sean Payton . Chargers RB Brandon Oliver ,  No . 43 ,  doing his best Darren Sproles impression . Rams QB Shaun Hill battling quad injury ,  not shoulder injury . Rams have prepared all week as if QB Austin Davis would be playing . RT @JoeBelzer Please RT to follow @AWalkToBelieve  fundraiser for Eric Legrand ,  paralyzed Rutgers football star on 64 at Rutgers stadium . Hold on ,  here we go again . RT @circulargenius another perfect game going .  Galaraga thru 7 . Read into this what you want as it pertains to Andrew Luck's status ,  but Colts signed quarterback Josh Johnson . Titans were preparing to make run at Houston's Mario Williams ,  and now organziation has shifted its focus to try to sign Peyton Manning . RT @TomPelissero Wow . Vikings have cut Ryan Longwell . Sadly ,  Schefter jinx back . Mannnn ...  RT @TRacsTitans31 @AdamSchefter Kenny Britt just limped off to the sideline with an injury ,  uh oh . At No . 123 ,  the Saints select LSU DT Al Woods . #nfldraft . Because ,  @JonVilma51 ,  in Commissioner Goodell's letter to Gregg Williams last March ,  he wrote Accordingly ,  pursuant   . Bears have claimed QB Zac Dysert and TE Gannon Sinclair off of waivers . Dysert and John Fox reunited in Chicago . Titans have traded No 1 pick to LA Rams . The Rams are on the clock . Just posted a little video on  . Former Raiders defensive end Lamarr Houston reached agreement on a five year ,  35M deal with the Chicago Bears ,  per league sources . A . Luck and RG3 will make a combined 42 43 million over their first 4 years whereas Peyton Manning will make 38 million over 2 years . John Madden told @AdamSchein and @RichGannon12 that @RGIII was the best player in the league in week one.Falcons announced they have released wide receiver Devin Hester . Some GM's believe a new CBA will be voted on June 2122nd . Doesn't mean it gets approval ,  but teams could vote on CBA next week . Insiders discuss 49ers' HC vacancy ,  Tony Romo's future ,  Antonio Brown's Facebook post ,  divisional games . Steelers free agent RB Rashard Mendenhall is scheduling visits with the Arizona Cardinals and Denver Broncos . Adrian Peterson averaging 1.6 yds per carry so far   fewest rush yds per attempt by player w at least 30 rushes since 1970 NFLAFL merger . More on Parcells ,  and the context of the story ,  from @mortreport  . So in past 48 hours ,  NFC West has watched QB Carson Palmer ,  LB Patrick Willis and DT Brandon Mebane be sidelined for season . Vikings officially have placed RB Adrian Peterson on injured reserve . Eagles and QB Dennis Dixon agree to terms on a two year contract ,  team announced . On CNN now Jerri Gray ,  mother of a 555 pound boy   no misprint there   arrested for unlawful neglect . Carries 10 year prison term . Craz  ...  . Dolphins open training camp practices   with rookie QB Ryan Tannehill unsigned . Bad for both sides . WR Jeremy Maclin and LB Dee Ford out Sunday night vs Denver . NFL fined Saints safety Roman Harper 15,000 for his late hit on Panthers wide receiver Steve Smith after a touchdown Sunday . Ravens and first round draft choice S Matt Elam have agreed in principle to a four year deal ,  which includes a fifth year option . More on former Patriots G Joe Andruzzi ,  Staten Island's finest ,  from @Mikereiss . Former Giants' DT Johnathan Hankins ,  the top rated available free agent ,  is signing a 3 year ,  30M deal with Colts ,  source tells ESPN . Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch signed a 4 year ,  31 million deal ,  including 18 guaranteed . Colts Pro Bowl pass rusher Dwight Freeney doesn't just have a sprained ankle . He has the dreaded high ankle sprain . Giants worked out a familiar face today ,  trying out their former NT Barry Cofield ,  per source . RT @ArmenKeteyian Raiders deny game credential to Mike Silver ,  who broke Hanson side of jaw breaking story . Press box is full.Riiight . Seahawks announced they waivedinjured TE Anthony McCoy ,  who tore his Achilles last week . Referee Al Riveron is coming off field to accept position as NFL's Senior Director of Officials . fun . Ohio State's Urban Meyer to appear on Late Show With David Letterman on Friday ...  Colts signed former Bills wide receiver DaRick Rogers to the practice squad . Bucs can clinch No 1 pick with a loss to the Saints . #HelloMarcusMariota . 49ers activated WR Michael Crabtree from the physically unable to perform list ,  meaning he now can resume practicing . Chargers WR Malcom Floyd is INactive as is Chargers WR Legedu Naanee . Both INactive . Read a few pages of his new book ,  Intercepted ,  and one thing becomes obvious . @McKnightMike can really write . Good point RT @adbrandt Didn't miss a paycheck . RT @AdamSchefter Steelers re signed QB Byron Leftwich today after releasing him Saturday . Panthers have not given up hope that RB Jonathan Stewart could be ready for their opener ,  but probably not realistic . Keep in mind tonight Colts QB Andrew Luck has passed for 2 TDs and 6 INTs on the road compared to 8 TDa and 2 INTs at home . Nnamdi deal 5 yrs ,  60 million ,  25m gtd . RT @RavensInsider Darren Sharper suspected in seven rapes ,  11 druggings in four different states  . Patriots sanitized visiting locker room at Gillette Stadium as well as equipment Bucs used during joint practices to prevent MRSA . Former Falcons CB Chris Houston traded to Detroit for terms reported here Sunday a 6th round pick and switched spots in the 5th round . Whoever is the 50,000 follower   and please help me identify her or him   gets a copy of this  . Texans WR Andre Johnson is back in starting lineup . Wait continues No second round picks in supplemental draft . Titans RB Chris Johnson named AP Offensive Player of the Year . Colts placed defensive end Kendall Langford on Injured Reserve list . Legion of Boom reunited Seattle reached agreement with CB Brandon Browner ,  per source . Browner ,  Sherman ,  Thomas ,  Chancellor together again . Chris FoersterI am resigning from my position with the Miami Dolphins and accept full responsibility for my ...  Another reason the man is head and shoulders above others A wax figure of Troy Polamalu was unveiled today at Madame Toussauds in NYC . An announcement on the 2014 Super Bowl site is expected Tuesday May 25 at NFL Spring Meeting . More OT changes also could be enacted then . Jags worked out kickers Derek Dimke and Alex Henery ,  liked what they saw ,  but sent them home w Josh Scobey feeling better from Quad injury . RT @Sunnysf   watching mikemike ... wheres the suit and tie  ?  !  ?  !  lack of suittie is making me uncomfortable  ...  Got ripped for tie last week . Trade Eagles acquire 3rd round pick in 2016 from Detroit for a 2015 4th round pick  113 .Packers first practice today . Why they're a favorite they return 95 percent of their offensive snaps from last season ,  tops of any NFL team . Saints inactives include RB Chris Ivory ,  TE Dave Thomas ,  LB Danny Clark and S Usama Young . Chiefs signed free agent WR Kevin Curtis and placed SCB on Donald Washington on injured reserve . Here's the NFL vote recount 17.5 MVP votes for Aaron Rodgers ,  2 for Jordy Nelson ,  .5 for Clay Matthews . #someoneflunkedmath . Eagles requested permission to intervew Seahawks DC Gus Bradley and Colts OC Bruce Arians . Rams agree to terms with former Broncos and Ravens DT Justin Bannan . Congratulations to Cleveland on ending its drought . RT @pand75    @AdamSchefter any word on Deangelo Williams  ?  &lt  He's playing . And ... Dolphins RB Knowshon Moreno will undergo arthroscopic knee surgery this week and miss four to five weeks ,  per ESPN sources . RT @michellehayes19 any news on bmarsh  ?   ...  Sounds like a draft weekday trade ,  if one even gets done at all . Some smart people believe when Greg Hardy's appeal is said and done ,  suspension could be reduced to anywhere from 2 to 6 games . We'll see . Or will John David Booty simply fork it over out of the goodness of his heart ,  when Favre could wind up costing him a roster spot ,  too  ?  Patriotss QB Tom Brady on team's preseason opener this week Im expecting to play theres no reason why I wouldnt.RT @TrevorJohnson1 The Departed  ?  !   ...  So I've heard already . And Gone Baby Gone . And Fever Pitch  which I liked . Boston makes movies . As @mortreport is reporting ,  an agreement between NFL and NFLRA is at hand and both sides will work to have officials working this weekend . RT @NEWYORKJETS rt for officer Joshua Cullins of the LAPD who died in Afghanistan yesterday from a roadside bomb . R.I.P . Want to know how every person around league feels  ?  NFL person working deals texted me ,  Fully submerged with a mask and snorkel.X rays on Jamaal Charles' foot were negative . Chiefs calling it a foot strain . Leftover Adrian Peterson story from Super Bowl Sunday . Impressive Jeter ,  Posada ,  Rivera ,  Pettitte will be visiting their 3rd different US President as world champs today   Obama ,  Bush ,  Clinton . As much as the Browns would like to extend contract of Brian Hoyer ,  it will be difficult to do for this reason what is Hoyer's value today  ?  No practice today for WR Malcom Floyd ,  WR Vincent Jackson ,  TE Antonio Gates or RB Mike Tolbert . Full practice for RB Ryan Mathews . Former Rams and Dolphins RB Isaiah Pead remains in critical condition after undergoing surgery this morning following a car accident . Former Titans RB Chris Johnson reached agreement with Jets on a two year deal ,  per league sources . If there was a doubt ,  there's not anymore . Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger will start Sunday vs . San Diego . Update for all those wondering @WindhorstESPN's wife has NOT left him . Yet . Countdown is on . 75 days till what is supposed to be the Saints Packers sept 8th regular season opener . #60minutessecondsclockticking . Jets free agent S Laron Landry going to visit the Colts . RT @nflrecord HAPPY BIRTHDAY SEAN TAYLOR  !  Loud enough for you to hear it in the HEAVENS  !  Patriots and WR Julian Edelman just reached agreement ,  per source . Back to New England . NYG safety Stevie Brown mulling 5 6 offers ,  expected to make decision soon ,  per source . Interested teams include NYG ,  DAL ,  ATL ,  OAK ,  TN . A landing spot for former Jets' QB ,  replacing Mike Glennon . Cowboys and All Pro G Zack Martin have halted contract discussions until after season ,  per @toddarcher . They'll try again next off season . 49ers DL Ray McDonald arrested ,  not charged . Different stage in legal process than other two cases . AP had indictment ,  Hardy a conviction . St . Augustine Police confirmed it has filed misdemeanor battery charges against Maurice Jones Drew . Jags gathering more info . I've heard top 10 to 2nd rd . RT @RyanSzymoniak @AdamSchefter what is the feel on Tebow around the NFL  ?  I hear so many different things . ESPN's Jerry Crasnick reports Josh Hamilton agreed to a five year deal with the Angels . ESPN's weekly NFL Power Rankings The Texans back on top Saints rise six spots . Just filed to ESPN Panthers putting QB Josh McCown on season ending injured reserve list . Now ,  more QB questions in Carolina . Jimmy Graham tweeted It's official . I'm bleeding black and gold this morning !  Deadlines usually lead to deals . Despite being listed as questionable with anklefinger injuries ,  Broncos WR Emmanuel Sanders expected to play today vs . Bears ,  per source . RT @AtlantaFalcons Falcons Head Coach Mike Smith confirms QB Matt Ryan is OUT for Sunday's game vs . Philly due to his turf toe injury . Buccaneers signed kicker Patrick Murray he will kick Sunday against Arizona . Green Bay Packers have re signed linebacker Robert Francois ,  team announced . An extended postcard from Bears camp in Bourbonnais ,  Ill .  More fun . RT @OGOchoCinco Adam this Sunday when I score I'm taking that loud horn from the Viking mascot and using  it&lt is that a fine to  ?  Check back in late February ,  early March . Then yes . RT @Jeefthepirate @AdamSchefter are these eagles vick trade rumors true  ?  Saints and free agent quarterback Drew Brees are not any closer to a contract extension at this time and have made little progress . RT @IcebergMcSwagg Plaxico to buffalo  ?   ...  Philadelphia's the team to watch on Plax . And isn't Super Mario enough  ?  Pats now have won 10 or more games each of past 13 seasons ,  the 2nd longest streak in NFL history 49ers did it 16 straight seasons ,  1983 98 . USC OC Jeremy Bates to Seattle no sure thing just yet . Chicago still in play on him ,  as well as Univ of Minn OC Jedd Fisch . Raiders are asking fans to donate to the Red Cross to people affected by Western Wildfires.So it's two TE additions in two days for Packers Lance Kendricks and Martellus Bennett . Looks like no quick decision for free agent QB David Garrard . His agent ,  Al Irby ,  said today ,  Hope to know our direction next week.Eagles have taken Michael Vick off exempt list and he will begin practicing Wednesday . To make room for him ,  team released Hank Baskett . If Sean McVay lands the Rams' HC job ,  his top option for DC would be Broncos DC Wade Phillips ,  per league sources . Eagles are signing former Patriots' RB LeGarrette Blount to a one year deal ,  per team official . Cardinals also had some mild interest . Aaron Hernandez has not been allowed to watch one play of one Patriots game all season won't be any different if NE wins today ,  reaches SB . Tom Brady agent Don Yee on speculation of Brady vote Tom does vote ,  but like many Americans ,  prefers to keep his preferences to himself.Watching Matt Ryan and Drew Brees has to be completely sobering and nearly outright depressing for the Bucs and Panthers . Some Steelers cuts linebackers Bruce Davis ,  Tom Korte ,  Andy Schantz and Donovan Woods defensive backs Roy Lewis and Anthony Madison . Patriots now have won the AFC East division title ,  marking the ninth consecutive division title for New England  20  . Former Falcons DE John Abraham is on his way to Seattle to visit the Seahawks . Washington safety Sua Cravens on Snapchat I think I need to follow what makes me happy ...  Patriots free agent TE Benjiman Watson is scheduled to visit the Seahawks on Monday . Despite Jaguars' CB Jalen Ramsey undergoing knee surgery ,  it worked out to be best case scenario for player and team . No real missed time . Colts teammates Dallas Clark and Austin Collie ,  and former teammate Brandon Stokley ,  have worked out in Durham ,  NC with Peyton Manning . Now official Steelers have ruled out S Troy Polamalu for Thursday night's game vs . Carolina  and only Favre goes from out to starting .ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown ,  plus Ray Lewis ,  is now on the air . Chargers placed wide receiver Malcom Floyd and outside linebacker Dwight Freeney on injured reserve . Simplified for your viewing pleasure . Commissioner Goodell's letter  . And the Cardinals get in on the action Arizona signed its second round pick ,  linebacker Daryl Washington ,  to a four year contract . Superb . 49ers director of player personnel Tom Gamble is scheduled to interview for Chargers GM job Tuesday . Jets eyeing another GM candidate . Condolence to Bill Cowher on loss of his wife Kaye ,  who lost her battle with skin cancer . Condolences to entire Cowher family . This is all about whether Jerry Jones marries Johnny Football ... As Fox reported ,  Bills are set to claim LB Shawne Merriman . Unless Buffalo changes its mind ,  Merriman will be a Bill . Certain Bengal officials believe it's possible Carson Palmer could return next week people connected to Palmer don't . Say nothing new . Broncos announced they signed former Texans tight end Garrett Graham to a one year contract . RT @mortreport Sources say Manning had surgery this am   cervical fusion with 2 3 month minimum recovery . No word on if he'll be put on IR . RT @snco Did Tiger actually leave his longtime putter for a new putter ,  then think his old putter would just take him back no questions  ?  Ben Roethlisberger won't know how long he'll miss until after torn meniscus surgery . Steelers have Patriots ,  bye ,  at Ravens . But out Sunday . Always a lot for rookies to learn  . Miami has traded WR Davone Bess to Browns . Another roster surprise Jets are planning to release veteran LB David Harris ,  sources tell ESPN . Was going into 11th season . Chargers about to get a bolt San Diego and first round pick Ryan Mathews are close to an agreement that is likely to be wrapped up today . Seahawks DE Michael Bennett is undergoing arthroscopic knee surgery this week to repair cartilage ,  expected to be out 2 3 weeks ,  per source . Both SB teams ,  GB and Pitt ,  lost their media relations direction within days . Jeff Blumb left Packers ,  Dave Lockett the Steelers . Good men . Baltimore plans to place OT Jared Gaither on season ending IR with a back injury ,  according to league source . Roster spot open for Ed Reed . A super job by @judybattista ,  who reports the NFL will use Super Bowl commercial time to address player safety  . Raiders' RB Latavius Murray is visiting the Vikings today ,  per source.Jamaal Charles' visit to Seattle on Wednesday is still on . As real as their 2 0 record . RT @luisr863 @AdamSchefter are the saints for real  ?  What we saw and heard Monday ...  RT @SIPeterKing Jim Varney's story of events at NFL HQ Monday in the Times Picayune  . RT @espnnfl Source Dallas Cowboys' Dez Bryant has surgery for break   . Cavs became first NBA team with a regular season win percentage of .700 or better to lose a home playoff game by at least 30 points . Mr . Buzzkill Super Bowl XLV will be the last NFL game for 7 plus months . At least . Let's all hope it's not any longer . #dontmessitup . Dolphins have announced that the team and Dennis Hickey have agreed to part ways . Ravens RB Terrance West ,  listed as questionable ,  officially active . Raiders have activated former 1st round pick CB DJ Hayden and signed DE Denico Autry to active roster ,  team announced . Top six AFC seeds if playoffs started today 1. Texans 2. Pats 3. Ravens 4. Raiders 5. Steelers 6. Bengals . RT @KidMaj Reggie Wayne  ?   ...  Active despite being listed as questionable . Wayne's a go . Jimmy Clausen's Pro Day today is The Biggest Pro Day since ... Dez Bryant's . Or Sam Bradford's . Or Tim Tebow's . But it's The Last Big One . Former Patriots safety James Sanders and the Atlanta Falcons reached agreement tonight on a one year deal . A reason the Patriots are here for Sunday . Rob Gronkowski suspended one game . The suspensions without pay of Mickey Loomis for eight games and Joe Vitt for six games will begin at the end of the preseason . Agent Drew Rosenhaus recently signed Texans LB Brian Cushing as a new client . Insert your own joke ,  but you know the coaching search has gone wacky when we start reporting on candidates walking their dogs . And Redskins placed franchise tag on Kirk Cousins . Denver QB Tim Tebow led Broncos WRs through workouts last week in Jacksonville . By the end of the night ,  @JayGlazer's BFF might be stolen out from under his Subwayed nose . Colts out Thursday RB Donald Brown  chest  ,  WR Anthony Gonzalez  knee  ,  CB Jerraud Powers  hamstring  ,  K Adam Vinatieri  right knee .How's this sound  ?  The 2011 NFL preseason kicks off tonight with five games ,  including the Seahawks at Chargers at 8 ET on ESPN . Panthers and Cards played each other in last season's NFC Championship Game now they are a combined 2 6.The ...  But Andrew Luck is out again Sunday vs SF . Smartest tweet of day   and I can't argue . RT @Roachk1lla @AdamSchefter I dont know if I'd call what you did acting . I'm just saying . Dolphins send message to Dan Carpenter ,  use 5th rd pick on Florida K Caleb Sturgis . Teams don't draft kickers without intent to keep them . 49ers not officially out on Harbaugh ,  not yet anyway ,  but they're now prepared to move on . They won't compete financially with Fins . Bills announced that they released LB Nick Barnett and SS George Wilson . Giants DE Justin Tuck and Former Steelers LB LaMarr Woodley both are visiting the Oakland Raiders today ,  per sources . Here we go Former Panthers WR Steve Smith is scheduled to fly tonight to Baltimore to spend Friday meeting with Ravens ,  per source . Here we go Chargers RB Ryan Matthews broke his collarbone ,  will need surgery and will be out 4 6 weeks . Ben Roethlisberger  knee  no sure thing for next Sunday at Balt . I would guess ,  one source said Thursday ,  were still a few weeks out.Gotta go pack for weekend trip to Denver . Big wedding there . Will have some details this weekend . To put in NFL terms ,  looks like Rush Limbaugh will be placed on waivers . Jaguars placed DE Jared Odrick  shoulder  and TE Julius Thomas  back  on IR . With no free agency till there's a CBA ,  this will be the most debated and scrutinized NFL Draft in modern history . #onlytopicoutthere . Green Bay Packers named Tom Clements their new offensive coordinator Thursday . Jets WR Devin Smith tore his ACL and is out for season . Some interesting news on Gronk  . Best sports cartoonist there is . RT @DrewLitton Starting Monday Ill be doing a weekly cartoon for ESPN.com Initial diagnosis is that Broncos MLB Nate Irving has a sprained MCL that is not considered season ending ,  but more testing ahead . game  ?  Panthers expect RB DeAngelo Williams to return Thursday vs . Saints . Bob  ?  Former Steelers OL Tony Hills signed a 2 year deal with the Denver Broncos . One of the best things ESPN does is its My Wish series . My Wish Cam Newton ... #MyWish . Feels like the most crowded a Super Bowl city has been on a Tuesday .. Can't imagine what I'll be like Friday ,  Saturday ,  Sunday . Ben Roethlisberger wants to play Sun vs . former OC Bruce Arians . Steelers have not ruled out possibility ,  but it's considered a longshot.I'm not only one not to root RT @joebucklive Perception is that if I am not rooting for you I am rooting against you   NEVER the case . On the Texans first possession of the second quarter ,  Arian Foster is back in the game . Buffalo has asked for permission to interview Broncos offensive coordinator Mike McCoy for its HC job . RT @BeerMePlz26 What happened to Jerry saying Wade is safe for rest of season  ?   ...  Didn't he also say he wasn't trading for Roy Williams  ?  Happy Mothers Day to all those who give so much of themselves and ask so little in return . Your day . Now that Kobe Bryant has a probable torn Achilles tendon ,  it doesn't seem unreasonable to wonder if he plays again . As Tennessee plots its push for QB Peyton Manning ,  the Titans plan to host a visit for former Vikings Pro Bowl G Steve Hutchinson . Eagles RB Darren Sproles out Sunday vs . Ravens . Phil Jackson won his 224th postseason game as a coach last night ,  the most in major North American pro sports history  NBA ,  NFL ,  NHL ,  MLB .Tennessee fielding offers for WR Kenny Britt and open to trading him ,  per sources . Team said it's not actively shopping him . Corn meets Apple RT @ndamukongsuh Up at yankee stadium watchin my boy JOBA  !  Despite being listed as questionable for Sunday's game vs . Carolina with an elbow injury ,  Falcons running back Michael Turner will play . Deathwatch is off . RT @RickMaese Vinny Cerrato says on his radio show that Zorn's job is safe for the rest of the year . NFL hired former 49ers GM Trent Baalke as Football Operations Consultant ,  per sources . Will handle a variety of roles for the NFL . And another more notable suspension  . Breaking 2016 traded for 2017 ,  per sources . Hopefully it becomes a year of people united ,  not divided.Happy New Year to all  !  Browns named Kevin Hogan their starting QB . Everybody please wish @wingoz a happy 10 year anniversary of his 40th birthday . Just flipped open my Time magazine and was astonished at inside cover . Tim Hasselbeck has a Got Milk ad before @Hasselbeck . Impressive . Injury report for Thursday nights Patriots Buccaneers game  . Lions ruled out center Travis Swanson  concussion  and right tackle Rick Wagner  ankle  for Saturdays game vs . Bears . Today's noon call is a survey that all players will take . NFLPA and NFL are working together to administer a ...  Rams have fielded trade inquiries for RB Steven Jackson over past few weeks in advance of Tuesday's NFL trade deadline  . Great story and opportunity Falcons are signing LB Brian Banks this morning . Banks deserves it . Vikings' HC Mike Zimmer RB Adrian Peterson dealing with slight hamstring pull.What a coach like Dave Merritt can mean to a player like Antrel Rolle  . Chiefs announced S Eric Berry will visit a lymphoma specialist in Atlanta to see if doctor can figure out what the mass in his chest is . We found ourselves a new brash bus driver today ...  Surprise ,  surprise Raiders have not cut QB JaMarcus Russell and they plan to have him attend this weekend's minicamp to compete . Al Davis only person to work as personnel assistant ,  scout ,  assistant coach ,  head coach ,  general manager ,  commissioner ,  team ownerCEO . Just filed this blast from the past to espn Eagles worked out former standout LB Jeremiah Trotter . Team wanted to see shape he was in . Never thought I'd type this ,  but after all these trade questions ,  I almost wish we still were tweeting about Michael Crabtree . Now Redskins on verge of signing 49ers WR Josh Morgan ,  too ,  to go along with Pierre Garcon .. And so Josh McDaniels first game as the Patriots offensive assistant coach will be against the Broncos . Dez Bryant left practice today to undergo MRI on right knee   Cowboys don't believe injury serious . WRs Andre Holmes left with back injury . Anyone that hasn't seen this month's Real Sports needs to watch the piece on Lenny Dykstra . Beranard Goldberg did a masterful job with it . Ravens and WR Jeremy Maclin agree to a two year deal ,  per source . A little break from football to do a little money ball with father in law and @jimcramer . Bucs scheduling workouts Monday for at least four kickers ,  per source any moves related to potential release of Nick Folk wait until then . Bills wound up getting back a fourth round pick from Baltimore for WR Lee Evans . Big move for the Ravens . NFL releasing its preseason schedule at 315 p.m . ET today . 49ers announced chance for fans to purchase seats from Candlestick Park . Seat sales begin Monday ,  Dec . 9 and will be sold for 749pair . Chargers now are planning for TE Antonio Gates to play today vs Cleveland ,  per source . Six Points Julio Jones ,  Big Ben ,  and the pain problem.Eagles and Patriots nearly had a trade worked out for Eric Rowe last week . But new deal gets done today . New K in SD RT @chargers Kris Brown is expected to handle kicking duties Sunday in place of Nate Kaeding ,  who suffered a groin injury . Thinking is that Samuels will not play again this year and there are those that believe he will be retiring after this season . From Adam Caplan and me     49ers and Colin Kaepernick agreed to a restructured deal ,  wiping out the last four ...  Some stores around Fort Worth closed to due to ice and cold . Hard not to wonder how much revenue they've lost this week due to weather . Redskins claimed former Chiefs LB Bryan Kehl on waivers . Detroit's 45 point win is the Lions' largest since beating the Browns 59 14 in the 1957 NFL Championship Game . Browns placed second round tender on Matt Roth ,  whom Cleveland claimed on waivers from Miami . Vikings re signed DE Everson Griffin ,  as @rapsheet reported . Told it's a 5 year ,  42.5 million deal that includes 20 mil gtd ,  per source . Gregg Williams and NFL actually met in NY the Tuesday before SB . NFL knew it would reinstate Williams ,  but didn't want to detract from SB . And @RosenhausSports officially re signed Steelers WR Antonio Brown . A score in New Orleans Saints running back Pierre Thomas signed his restricted free agent tender today . Saints and Browns have roster exemptions for the previously suspended players but still can dress only 46 on game day . Prince for NYG . Baby just went went out for daily nap ... nice  !  Time to get away to gym before the service that bankrupt LA is spending tons of money on . Monday night's undercard is Clev vs . NE as Browns have Falcons' 1st rd pick and Patriots have Saints'.Cowboys' RB Joseph Randle violated NFL's personal conduct policy ,  facing discipline ,  per @toddarcher and me.The 22 year old Su'a Cravens ,  who was nursing a knee injury ,   now expected to miss start of season as Washington helps him address issues . Steelers getting thin at QB . Big Ben sidelined with Achilles injury and Steelers #3 QB Dennis Dixon left game with shoulder injury . Eli Manning and Ben Roetlisberger have accounted for 4 of the 8 Super Bowl titles in their first 8 years . With no Larry Foote on board ,  the Cardinals agreed to terms on a three year contract with free agent linebacker Paris Lenon . This might be the first full soccer game I've ever watched   and it has been riveting . Denver DE Derek Wolfe suspended 4 games for violating NFLs Performance Enhancing Drug policy . Suspension Friday continues  no Brady news .So Denver lost Elvis Dumervil to Baltimore and is now facing prospect of losing Von Miller to suspension . RT @VickyVStauffer are you looking to scoop one of them up for yourself  ?  ... Me I actually offered my wife and a 1st rd pick and got rejected . Cowboys using Ann Arbor for their farm system ,  taking Michigan DE Taco Charlton in round 1 ,  Michigan CB Jourdan Lewis in round 3.Washington Redskins announced today that they have released linebacker Andre Carter and offensive lineman Derrick Dockery . After watching him in warmups ,  Broncos made decision to sit Emmanuel Sanders . Sanders out vs Bears ,  per team official . Free Agency Countdown starts at 2 pm on WatchESPN.Click here to watch . Saints WR Lance Moore officially is active ,  Saints RB Mark Ingram is not . And now Drew Rosenhaus officially has terminated Johnny Manziel ,  making him second agent in two months to fire the talented and troubled QB . Colts activated LB Robert Mathis off PUP list . He has been rehabbing from a torn Achilles suffered in September 2014.And we have the first player to autograph our Tour Bus . RT @terrellowens  . Sounds like it could be a knee injury for Cardinals rookie RB Ryan Williams . Whatever the injury ,  it looked bleak as he was carted off . Pats signed Isaiah Stanback from the practice squad to 53 man roster and placed WR Brandon Tate on injured reserve with a knee injury . Colts HC Chuck Pagano expects RB Robert Turbin to miss rest of season with arm injury he suffered Monday night . One NFL head coach even predicted this morning that Notre Dame LB Jaylon Smith could go at the end of  round  1 ,  maybe round 2.Panthers HC Ron Rivera said RB Jonathan Stewart is likely to miss at least a week or two with a hamstring ...  Dwight Freeney will take Cliff Avrils roster spot in Seattle ,  with Seahawks looking to add another pass rusher . Bucs TE Austin Seferian Jenkins unlikely to play today vs . Dallas due to his shoulder injury ,  per source . Improved . Honest . Got some good people there . RT @NotoriousOHM Coughlin said Hakeem Nicks will not play Sunday . Btw ,  pizza I had last night from A Pizza and More in Cortland ,  NY ,  can challenge any pizzeria . Beyond superb . 9 footballs . Packers LB Clay Matthews limited in practice due to hamstring injury ,  Vikings WR Percy Harvin limited in practice due to hamstring injury . RT @DowntownJB78 Chances Mike Vick plays Sunday  ?   ...  My sense Thursday is that he will not play Sunday . RT @Jknox13 Must be nice to hang in studio ,  Adam . You should come out here and join @RachelNichols in snow rain wind .  ...  Love my job . Oakland hired former Jets assistant coach john Defilippo as the Raiders quarterbacks coach . Shanahan will team with general manager Bruce Allen but have ultimate authority on football decisions . And Dolphins TE Dustin Keller carted off field with knee injury . And so now ,  if Eagles carry three QBs ,  Tim Tebow makes it . But Matt Barkley is headed to AZ for a conditional 7th rd pick . Mike Tannenbaum told the Associated Press that Braylon Edwards will be active vs Miami but won't start . Up to Rex if and when he plays . One  very smart  front office person predicted last week the name to watch at final cuts was ... David Garrard . Move came a few days late . Eagles traded up to get Miss St . DT Fletcher Cox one spot before the Rams could pick him . Ravens' rookie Keenan Reynolds found himself in 'weird' spot on Military Appreciation Night . Charles Woodson has been delivering sacks like that since the Tuck Rule Game . Here's who's footing the bill RT @adbrandt Moss' 6.4M contract goes Pats Vikings Titans . Pats ,  Vikes  1.5M each ,  Titans to pay 3.4M . Said all along ,  SF makes sense for Marcus Lattimore . And there it is . In light of Jaguars owner Shad Khan's recent public remarks ,  Jacksonville's RB Maurice Jones Drew is now open to being traded ,  per source . Ben Roethlisberger became 2nd player since '70 to win 1st 10 starts vs . 1 opponent.John Elway was 10 0 vs . New England . Steelers WR Mike Wallace told some within Steelers organization that he does not plan to sign his first round tender until he has to.Good luck to The Undefeated ,  which after all this time will be worth our time ...  RT @MrScruub What is biggest concern for Raiders going into the draft  ?   ...  Not having a pick before 5th round ,  until comp picks awarded . With respect to Rams ,  Falcons might have Greatest Show on Turf Steven Jackson ,  Roddy White ,  Julio Jones ,  Matt Ryan . Lions' radio play by play man ,  @brandymancan ,  will miss his first game Sunday in 28 years . Text from Justin Tuck Done deal. He's an Oakland Raider . For Matt Cassel reference @FootballGuys notes QB Ben Roethlisberger underwent appendectomy Sept . 3 ,  2006 and next played a game Sept . 18.Jay Cutler's long ,  strange off season ends two weeks from today when the Bears report to training camp . Not that anyone's counting but Vikings Saints ,  Favre Brees is three weeks from tonight . Week 1 Browns WR Sammie Coates vs Steelers CB Joe Haden . Steelers DE Aaron Smith ,  listed as doubtful for today's game due to triceps injury ,  will not play versus Baltimore . Smith's out . Not just all about Harbaugh Brothers and Ray Lewis . This man ,  and his pose ,  also will be heard from in Super Bowl 47. RT @TomMinske Where do you see Samuel being best fit  ?   ...  Philly . Eagles not shopping him . Ultimately ,  he spends this season in Philly . What Saints and Colts have in common  . RT @billromanowski From day 1 ,  I believed in Coach Cable so this is a good vindication for him . Statement from Browns QB Johnny Manziel I would like to thank my family ,  friends ,  the Browns organization ,  my ...  Never good when a rule ,  not a player ,  helps decide the game . Line of the morning . RT @sageman01 Imagine going to Green Bay to ESCAPE a blizzard  !  Congratulations to Monday Night Football commentator @miketirico ,  who will call his 100th MNF game tonight . Cowboys capped regular season with an 8 0 road record . Every other team had at least 2 road losses . Cardinals announced RB Ryan Williams is out for season with a shoulder injury . Today marks 33rd anniversary of ESPN ,  which launched Sept . 7 ,  1979. Happy anniversary to a company that ,  thankfully ,  is part of our culture . Now that Colts owner Jim Irsay has pled guilty ,  NFL expected to discipline him before Thursday Night's GB SEA opener ,  per league sources . Sarcasm ,  people  !  RT @brandonfleshman .. @AdamSchefter is an absolute idiot for thinking mark sanchez is more popular in NY than Derek Jeter  !  Mild surprise Jaguars' RB T.J . Yeldon ,  who team was not counting on due to ankle injury ,  is active today vs Bills . To clarify report from earlier ,  interim HV Joe Vitt will meet Saints in Tampa ,  not New Orleans ,  as @JayGlazer noted . Buccanneers fired HC Greg Schiano and GM Mark Dominik ,  as @JayGlazer reported . Can't confirm this ,  but think someone tracked down @LarryFitzgerald's license plate . RT @joediggs   . Tampa Bay Buccaneers rookies report to training camp ... today  !  Won't be long now ... Steelers WR Antonio Brown already was nursing a sprained ankle and WR Jerricho Cotchery was injured during Sunday night vs . Baltimore . Giants D line battered . RT @NotoriousOHM Tom Coughlin says Shaun Rogers' blood clot is a season ending injury . With Gore ,  Crabtree and Davis ,  SF must use one of its two first round picks on a QB . Forget the triplets 49ers could have the quadruplets . Jets RB Mike Goodson tweeted that he tore his ACL and MCL . Rough season over . Bills RB C.J . Spiller  broken collarbone  will be activated from IRdesignated to return ,  but it's uncertain if he will play Sunday . Dolphins play Ravens and former WR Mike Wallace today . With 5th round pick Miami received from Vikings for Wallace ,  it pickedRB Jay Ajayi . Chargers placed offensive tackle Marcus McNeill on IR today due to a neck injury and claimed OT Jared Gaither . Titans scheduled to interview OL coach Mike Munchak tomorrow for their HC job   first one . Dave McGinnis and Mike Heimerdinger also on tap, . I'm blushing ,  @richeisen . Feeling's mutual ,  my friend . Some big ones ahead this weekend . Leaving my shoelaces untied for them . And so it's Kellen Clemens vs . Charlie Batch ...  RT @SteelersDigest Charlie Batch to start at QB for the Steelers vs . the Rams . Four kickers   Josh Scobee ,  Matt Prater ,  Mike Nugent ,  Phil Dawson   have been franchise tagged and Connor Barth likely to become fifth . Lions WR Calvin Johnson and QB Matthew Stafford both are active . Surprise on both ,  but both active . Fourth round   Willie Parker . Fifth round   Brandon marshall . RT @janesports Liz Merrill has captured Santonio Holmes a clutch player ,  a father and a defiant and gifted WR . Giants tendered WR Steve Smith at second round level . Falcons moving up their flight to NY two hours ,  from 3 p.m . to 1 p.m. ,  to try to get there before the teeth of the snowstorm . Jaguars will play one regular season home game in the United Kingdom in 2013 ,  2014 ,  2015 and 2016 ,  all at Londons Wembley Stadium . Eagles place franchise tag on WR DeSean Jackson . Falcons had set Saturday deadline to get this deal done . Mission accomplished . For all those that want fantasy football tips about who to start and who to sit ,  this is usually a very handy guide . I have enough work to do ,  and no one will listen to me anyway RT @DraytonFlorence @AdamSchefter Y DONT U MAKE IT HAPPEN . Brandon Jacobs has been fined 10,000 for throwing his helmet into the stands . Packers flirted with idea of signing Vince Young before camp even began . Clearly their backup QBs have underwhelmed . #KnowThemFromAdamA conversation about competiion ,  and rising through the ranks ,  with my friend @JayGlazer ...  RT @espn Sources Union gives 18 game counterproposal    . Virginia Tech RB David Wilson impressed teams by becoming first player in years to show up to combine interviews in a suit ,  not sweats . Cardinals RB Andre Ellington ,  questionable for today due to quad injury ,  will play vs 49ers ,  per source . This already is great . But would be even more impressive if @FieldYates bench pressed @damienwoody . Last Saturday night we had a Burfict ending . Tonight we had a perfect ending . Bengals DE Carlos Dunlap named Week 9 NFLPA Community MVP for his ongoing ,  six stop campaign to stop bullying amon  . A wall inside ESPN's Digital Center 2 ...  Packers remaining schedule Oakland ,  @ Kansas City ,  Chicago ,  Detroit . The '72 Dolphins have to be getting increasingly uneasy . With today's loss in Pittsburgh ,  the Cleveland Browns are officially on the clock . Jets have re signed free agent CBKR Justin Miller and placed RBKR Leon Washington on injured reserve . Hmmmm Houston Texans HC Bill O'Brien at Northwestern for Eastern Illinois QB Jimmy Garoppolo's Pro Day . RT @TakeOnRighetti @AdamSchefter Former Falcons DE scheduled to visit Titans. You are keeping us in suspense .  ...  My bad . John Abraham . Joe Flacco's agent Joe Linta and Ravens are scheduled to meet today regarding a new contract . Both sides want this deal done by March 4.WR Sammy Watkins is out today vs . Cardinals due to foot injury ,  per source . Marquise Goodwin now expected to ...  Still waiting for 1st  and 2nd round picks across NFL ,  but Chiefs signed 3rd round draft pick ,  TE Tony Moeaki ,  to four year contract . Please bid on this ,  and more ,  with all proceeds going to the V Foundation  . Just like they officially signed Pacman Jones earlier today ,  Bengals now have done the same with free agent S Gibril Wilson . Surprise ,  surprise Patriots cut CB Ras I Dowling . Chiefs have been trying to sign Darrelle Revis for much of this season ,  per source . He wouldnt take the deal   until now . Jets West Camp is underway in California ,  with attendees including wide receivers Santonio Holmes and Stephen Hill ,  and QB Tim Tebow . Bears did keep two offensive assistant coaches ,  WR coach Darryl Drake and RB coach Tim Spencer . NFL teams with coaching uncertainties already are plotting ways to talk to and try to hire Oregon head coach Chip Kelly . Busy day for QBs Robert Griffin III is in Washington visiting with Redskins . Andrew Luck is in Indianapolis visiting with Colts . At least one Pats trade at tight end   David Thomas goes to New Orleans for an undisclosed 2011 draft pick .NFL said it expects a decision from 5th Circuit Court of Appeals on Ezekiel Elliotts appeal soon.For your viewing pleasure  John Clayton to throw out first pitch at Rangers Mariners game in Seattle on Friday ,  May 24.Saints RB Reggie Bush's fractured fibula is not a season ending injury . Initial estimates have him out 4 6 weeks . More tests today . How's this for some scheduling drama Bucs play Jets in Week 1. And if that weren't enough ,  Bucs play @RSherman25 and Seahawks in week 9.This also works with their new Russian owner . RT @justme2 @AdamSchefter I've been calling them the NJ Nyets for some international flair . 5 of these teams won't make it Dolphins ,  Steelers ,  Ravens ,  Titans ,  Colts ,  Chargers ,  Eagles ,  Giants ,  Vikings ,  Panthers ,  Cardinals ,  Falcons . 49ers quarterback Alex Smith is keeping his starting job for at least another week . He's now on a week by week basis  who isn't ?  .Still a good chance QB Brian Hoyer winds up in Houston ,  but his agent still is negotiating with the Jets and NY will be given a chance here . Raiders announced they officially released LB LaMarr Woodley . On an already busy news day ,  more headlines coming on ESPN's The Insiders at 3 pm . Cardinals RB Kerwynn Williams ,  questionable with a quad injury ,  is expected to play Sunday against the Giants ,  per source . Turns out Broncos K Matt Prater was facing a year long suspension that his attorney ,  Harvey Steinberg ,  got reduced to four games . RT @drewwebs Will Sage be a starter for Miami  ?   ...  Maybe one day . But Matt Moore now gets his chance . Olivier Vernon to Giants ,  as @MikeGarafolo reported . NFL hoping for mid April release of schedule ,  but it still may be late April . NFL not planning to release any part of the schedule early . Jim Joyce asked Big Ben to please do him a favor . RT @jimwexell Roethlisberger will talk to the media following today's practice . RT @HOLYCRAP124 Do you think the CBA situation will be worked out by Thursday .  ...  No chance  and I've never wanted to be wrong more .Can we give a little help to a man who never has needed much of it  ?  RT @JerryRice Wondering if joinin @espn will put me over 100k followers . Blackout Chiefs final home game vs . Cleveland Browns on Sunday ,  Dec . 20th ,  will not be televised in a 75 mile radius of KC . TY Hilton ActiveKenny Golladay Active.Terron Armstead & Larry Warford Active.Ziggy Ansah & TJ Lang InactiveDanny Trevathan Inactive . From one coach's son to another After Kyle Shanahan left Texans ,  Houston named Marc Lubick   son of Sonny   the teams offensive assistant . Dolphins sound as if they are counting on a big year out of former first round pick ,  DeVante Parker ...  Reggie Wayne re signing a three year deal with Colts . Agreement reached . One AFC West official who tried to get DeMarcus Ware to visit his city said he was told you're not going to like where he winds up.This is bogus and repulsive . RT @Biodome10 Just spoke 2 @AdamSchefter over in Bristol . He confirmed reports of Chris Henry's passing . No hablo Espanol . RT @dantrix88 @JosePabloCoello @xosean anyway ,  @AdamSchefter ya dijo que no cuaj ,  a ver si se hace lo de NYJ . Would love any feedback on this you might have ... Jim Schwartzs contract with Lions still has three years remaining on it after this season and runs through 2015. Schwartz is safe for 2013.49ers retirements this off seasonLB Patrick WillisLB Chris BorlandDE Justin SmithOT Anthony Davis . Vikings' statement on Teddy Bridgewater's injury  . Dallas . Ravens DT Haloti Ngata inactive for the Ravens ,  and that's a big deal for the running game of the Bengals . So just to recap ,  McNabb to miss practice ,  Garcia to the Eagles ,  Feeley to the Panthers ,  McCown to IR ,  and it's only week one . RT @freakygabe How those texans looking  ?   ...  Like an AFC favorite . Shapes up as a big season in Houston . NFL rejected La'el Collins' request to be removed from draft until police complete murder investigation ,  per source . No supp draft for him . One other Tim Tebow note He will not throw at this week's scouting combine ,  waiting to work out on his pro day March 17.Eagles today announced that QB Michael Vick has been named the team's Ed Block Courage Award recipient of 2009.Shanahans love mid round RBs . Traded for Kapri Bibbs for 4th round pick next year and drafted Utah's Joe Williams in 4th round this year . Next controversy about to hit the Dolphins ,  who are likely to have to find a new OL coach . Rams have requested permission to interview Washington OC Sean McVay ,  per source . Rob Gronkowski not expected to play Sun vs . Eagles ,  per sources . Likely to miss multiple weeks return date will be a pain tolerance issue . Tim Tebow's college roommate ,  Eagles WR Riley Cooper ,  has continued to light it up this summer . Browns LT Joe Thomas extended his consecutive snap streak today to 10,062. Thomas hasn't missed an offensive snap in his 11 year NFL career . OT Andre Smith on his way to Minnesota  . Familiar faces reunite Patriots announced today the signing of veteran WR David Patten . Shane Vereen's TD celebration was dedicated to Stevan Ridley . His signature kick down the door.RT @ESPNNFL NFL training camps begin in 20 days ! Here's a complete list of each team and when it opens.READ  . Jim Harbaugh won't challenge Pete Carroll to ALS IB Challenge ,  said there's another challenge . I think you know what that is . The big one.49ers announced G David Baas has signed the one year contract he had previously been tendered . Not one person picked the Falcons ...  RT @Horrigan46 Can we please start focusing on important football news ...  like Hank Baskett & Kendra Wilkinson ... Friday 10 Spot How one play can change everything   just ask David Tyree or Asante Samuel . Broncos fee agent CB Dominique Rodgers Cromartie is scheduled to fly to New York tonight to meet with the Jets ,  per team source . AFC playoff teams now set Patriots ,  Raiders ,  Texans ,  Steelers ,  Chiefs ,  Dolphins . AFC West champ still undecided . Jets have cut LB IK Enemkpali ,  the player who sucker punched QB Geno Smith ,  broke his jaw in two places and sidelined him 6 10 weeks . One GM today on free agent RBs That position needs its own union . We treat our equipment people better than we treat our running backs.Eight years go fast . On this day ,  there are thoughts for so many . Carson Palmer inactive vs . Giants today . Injured right shoulder ,  could have been result of this hit on MNF .  The day Rob Lowe thought we'd never see First game for Peyton Manning in 579 days . So let me get this straight . Plaxico has become first person ever to shoot himself in the foot and the leg with only one bullet  ?  Lions DC Teryl Austin has second HC interview with Falcons on Thursday ,  per source . Even with interest he has generated ,  it now sounds like Buffalo is the favorite to land Baltimore'a Pro Bowl FB Kyle Juszczyk ,  per sources . RT @SIRossTucker My Sirius Co Host Bob Papa ,  who works for HBO ,  said sources tell him nothing  going on with Revis tonight on Hard Knocks . It is hard for any father to read this ... and not get emotional . Cardinals TE Leonard Pope . RT @miketirico Watched @sj39 try sore quad pre game . Didn't look like he could cut it loose .  Surprised if he goes . Too much risk in week 2 . New Bengals' OC Bill Lazor There is a lot of football ahead of us this season and we are excited to make this a productive year.Dolphins TE Dustin Keller tore his ACL ,  MCL ,  PCL and ,  as if that weren't enough ,  dislocated his knee ,  per source . Raiders and Derek Carr are close to finalizing a deal expected to pay their quarterback about 25 million per year ,  per league sources . hopeful . The ultimate insult to JaMarcus Russell RT @PostBroncos Tom Cable said Charlie Frye will be the Raiders quarterback Sunday against Broncos . now  ?  Colts now have a commanding one game lead in race for No . 1 pick and Andrew Luck . And with Miami winning ,  Indy now controls its own fate . Calvin Johnson's future now uncertain  . Rams will retire No . 80 ,  the number worn by wide receiver Isaac Bruce ,  during the teams Oct . 31 home game against Carolina . Ravens and Vikings combined for 36 points in final 205 Sunday after combining for 19 points in first 5755 of game . Wall to wall free agency coverage on ESPN from 3 6. All hands on deck ... More details from Adrian Peterson case RT @Cianaf Images of Peterson's son here  . RT @WesStull  And make it your avatar for that month  ?   ...  Me and my avatar will have a mustache for a month . RT @TimMalek I thought he signed with the Rams  ?   ...  Two sides reached an agreement . But deal did not get signed . And now agreement is off . Two word tweets from this guy still fill me with regret and make me shudder . RT @sportsguy33 mchale Rockets  !  easy . Houston Texans suspended LB Brian Cushing has released a statement that will be posted at ESPN.com in moments . More on the 6 game suspension for Cowboys RB Ezekiel Elliott . RT @Louik   Any news on moreno starting  ?   ...  Broncos want him to contribute ,  and think he can ,  but need to test him in pregame warmups . RT @KidMac1992 Any chance jets trade for Manning  ?   ...  Colts not trading him . Might opt to release him ,  depending on health . But no trade . Bengals 0 9 in Oak . Coming off two huge wins . Trap game . RT @nivek8181 @AdamSchefter Oakland over Cincinnati  ?  Really  ?  Explain yourself . Mort's story on Bill Polian resisting Buffalo overturesBill Polian today informed Buffalo Bills owner Terry ...  Sounds like a deal is coming in Atlanta ...  Gary Kubiak on Andre Johnson He took probably pretty close to almost all the reps he normally takes and didnt seem to have any problem.Giants announced CB Janoris Jenkins suspended indefinitely . Browns officially have activated WR Josh Gordon from Commissioners Exempt list . With Chargers kicker Nate Kaeding out for the year ,  San Diego's kicking wishlist includes Nick Novack ,  Dave Rayner and Jeff Reed . I've seen enough of Titans to declare a fantasy football sleeper alert rookie running back Javon Ringer . Impressive . Steelers inquired today on free agent CB Darrelle Revis . Unrealistic . Sounds like it's down to Jets and Patriots . Eagles signed former Texans LB Bryan Braman to a two year ,  3.15 million deal ,  including 1 million guarnteeed via @seanstellato . Twenty years ago today The Juice on the loose ...  News on Kenny Phillips gets worse apparently . RT @BobGlauber Orthopedic doc injury could threaten Phillips career . The Knicks are considering Allen Iverson because they lack scoring  ?  Well ,  then . Good thing they passed on Brandon Jennings . The two candidates to watch in Oakland are Packers asst . HC Winston Moss and Packers secondary coach Darren Perry . Having Nick Gilbert select my Powerball numbers . Jets QB Tim Tebow and Knicks G Jeremy Lin  were selected by Time Magazine as two of its Top 100 Most Influential People in the World . Cardinals' HC Bruce Arians ,  now released from the hospital ,  is expected back at work this week ,  possibly as early as Tuesday ,  per source . RT @RichTRyan   @AdamSchefter Is Anthony Gonzalez active today  ?  &lt  He will be inactive ,  Rich . Former Bills' RB Karlos Williams went unclaimed on waivers ,  per source . Now a free agent . We have a trade  love trades . Chargers traded for Houston's former first round pick ,  DT Travis Johnson . X rays on Packers' RB Eddie Lacy's ankle were negative ,  per source . No firm time line yet on how much time Lacy could miss . Sean Payton has agreed with the Saints on a 5 year contract extension worth in excess of 45M ,  per @Edwerderespn . Not all hope lost ,  Philadelphia ...  A thank you to the FTD College Rose Collection for sending these flowers before Saturday's Michigan Alabama game ...  Cardinals became first team to use franchise tag this off season ,  placing it on Chandler Jones . Going on in Chicago right now   . Dolphins tried out former Bills WR Da'Rick Rogers on Friday . Jags Sr . VP Tony Khan bought 100% of TruMedia ,  an engineering firm used for data analytics by ESPN  NFLMLBsoccer teams . Analytics growing . Broncos' HC Gary Kubiak on Denver's win today It might be the greatest defensive football game I've ever been a part of as a coach.#s I'm getting on Andre Smith   4 years ,  26 million ,  including 21 mill gtd ,  w team option for 2 more years ,  making it 6 42m 29.5m gtd . Cardinals placing RB Jonathan Dwyer on reserve ,  non football illness ,  per source ,  meaning they'll have option not to pay him . Three oldest opening day teams in league New Orleans 27.55 years average ,  Arizona at 27.25 years and New England at 27.19 years . RT @RichCimini QB Kevin O'Connell is waived ,  #Jets announce . That means Kellen Clemens makes the team as the No . 3 QB . And former Broncos and Dolphins CB Andre Goodman is visiting the Titans today . And @mortreport now reporting that 49ers WR Michael Crabtree already has undergone surgery for his torn Achilles . Lions making Johnson Bademosi one of highest paid special teams players in league 2 year ,  4.5M with incentives that could bring it to 6M . Did I read this right  ?  Mariano Rivera suffered a torn ACL while shagging fly balls during batting practice  ?  Brutal . More testing likely and further updates ahead ,  but one source just texted this on Gronk's leg injury Doesn't appear to be serious.Jets are holding a private workout today for North Carolina QB Mitchell Trubisky ,  per league source . Bucs deactivated WR Stovall and RB Blount . Bucs cut S Major Wright and QB Mike Kafka . Patriots plan tribute to Newtown on Sunday night . RT @ValK @AdamSchefter these guys are both calling each other fake ,  who is real  ?   ...  Look at my tweet record and his . You tell me ... Patriots ruled out starting CB Stephon Gilmore  concussion  ,  RB Rex Burkhead  ribs  and DELB Harvey Langi  back .Free agent CB Champ Bailey ,  who feels healthy ,  said he is willing to play nickel or safety if that's what it takes to land a job somewhere . Cowboys LB Bruce Carter dislocated elbow and is done for season Giants RB Andre Brown broke his left fibula . The four GMs in most danger of losing jobs are Arizonas Rod Graves ,  Clevelands Tom Heckert ,  Jacksonvilles Gene Smith ,  SD's A.J . Smith . Denver Broncos reached agreement on a one year deal with former Dolphins linebacker Akin Ayodele . #nfldraft . Texans' LB Brian Cushings 10 game suspension begins immediately . Eligible to return Tuesday ,  Nov . 28 ,  after Houston plays Baltimore . Former Redskins' RB Alfred Morris is signing with the Dallas Cowboys ,  per source . Morris usually abused Cowboys now will play for them . Rams inactives include QB Sam Bradford and WR Danario Alexander . And in non draft news ,  Lakers hired Luke Walton as their head coach . Pittsburgh's happy about this ,  too . RT @tpolamalu I am happy to say that I will retire a Pittsburgh Steeler  !  Browns officially hired former Cardinals DC Ray Horton as their DC . As @morteport is reporting ,  Sean Payton has approached Bill Parcells about coaching the Saints this season . Vikings head coach Mike Zimmer Teddy Bridgewater's ankle doing much better.RT @Hamy85 What are the chances the Redskins are going to better than last season  ?   ...  Washington will be . Will compete for a playoff spot . A different kind of labor Wife of NFL player had labor induced last week so NFL team footed the bill ,  not the family through COBRA . RT @jasonjwilde Packers QB Aaron Rodgers has been cleared to play Sunday vs NY Giants . More on @ESPNMilwaukee  . Don't say you weren't warned . RT @GinoBona ATTN BUFFALONIANS Marshawn is in Buffalo . Jaywalk with EXTREME caution . Eagles deserve this off weekend they will have four games in 18 days ,  three of them night games and the 4th a 415 start EST in Chicago . Probable for Sunday WR Julio Jones  hamstring  ,  WR A.J . Green  knee  , WR Andre Johnson  hamstring  ,  QB Matt Hasselbeck  elbow .Next key date . RT @MarkMaske Hearing scheduled for April 6 before Judge Susan Richard Nelson on players' request 4 injunction to end lockout . Chargers placed LB Larry English on Reserve Injured on IR and signed OT Stephen Schilling off their practice squad . To recapOUT Jamaal Charles ,  Sammy Watkins.EXPECTED IN Alshon Jeffery ,  Brandon Marshall ,  Julio Jones.NEW STARTER Karl Joseph . Please set your DVRs SportsCenter Schedule Release Special will air Tuesday from 7 9 pm on ESPN2 ,  then 9 10 pm on ESPN . Interesting exchange with Giants HC Ben McAdoo at todays press conference  . RT @jksports A team by team breakdown  every NFL team inc Minn  of potential new home for Randy Moss  . Only our friend @OGOchocinco  . The Detroit Lions claimed Dwight Freeney on waivers ,  per source . Panthers announced they signed former Eagles WR Jason Avant to a one year deal . Please welcome my ESPN friend Erik Kuselias to Twitter . He's @fantasyEK . Giants informed Albany they will hold their 2013 training camp at the Timex Performance Center ,  their year round headquarters . Note of the night RT @CardsMarkD @azcardinals GM Steve Keim has 3 sons their names are Carson ,  Brady & Warner . How will Keyshawn do on Dancing With The Stars  ?  To cool off ,  stay inside and watch NFL Live at 4 pm ET on ESPN with former Broncos G @markschlereth and a former Broncos hack reporter . NFL statement on Raiders  . Jim Nantz reported that Brady came out for start of 3rd quarter   then went back to locker room . Eeeeee . Get your DVRs ready . Gruden's QB Camp list for the 2014 draft class  . One league source familiar with thinking of Washington free agent TE Fred Davis said Redskins and Browns are serious about signing him.Pete Carroll said Russell Wilson ,  Jermaine Kearse have offered to punt if Jon Ryan is out ...  RT @bhofheimerespn NFL VP of football ops Ray Anderson on ESPN Radios @MikeAndMike at 930a ET to discuss hard hits . Donte Whitner ,  Roscoe Parrish ,  Trent Edwards all inactive today for the Bills . With Mike Shanahan ,  Bills are going Big Bear Hunting . At very least ,  they can tell their fans they hunted the Big Bear and took their shot . Funniest play I've seen in a long time . RT @timothywilson RT @tunasweasel @AdamSchefter what about the pigeon in the OakPhilly game . Week 15 playoff scenarios ,  via @RLiuNFL.Six teams can clinch this week.NFC Eagles ,  Vikings ,  RamsAFC Steelers ,   . Jack Del Rio joins Derek Carr in wearing glove on one hand ...  Redskins do not yet have an agreement with free agent WR Eddie Royal ,  but both sides working to get a deal done . Rams plan to sign two QBs   Brady Quinn and Austin Davis . I don't disagree . RT @MoveTheSticks I think we are going to see a lot of action on these RFA's . Trades are coming . Bears have ruled out Jay Cutler from Monday night game vs . Dallas . RT @ericwinston And somewhere phil fulmer just opened a beer ,  put his feet up ,  and cracked a huge smile ... St . Louis WR Danny Amendola reinjured his triceps during practice last week will see a specialist Monday . Status uncertain and shaky . Colts already have ruled out Andrew Luck for Sunday's game against Arizona . He doesn't sound close to playing anytime soon . ICYMI  in February  Jimmy Garappolo isn't going anywhere . His name continues to surface in trade rumors and speculation   not happening . McIntosj will not be signing tender anytime soon and this is designed strictly to encourage team to engage in talks about a long term deal . Looks like @PFTCommenter has me by an inch ... maybe . Bucs WR Mike Williams reached agreement on a 5 year extension tying him to Tampa through 2018 ,  per ESPN source . Cowboys now have won 10 straight games ,  extending the longest single season win streak in franchise history . A recap of Week 7 and a look ahead to MNF on today's NFL Insiders . Colts WR Donte Moncrief scheduled to undergo MRI today on his shoulder ,  per source . It's early and you never know ,  but it sure looks like Redskins hit paydirt on Brian Orakpo . Now official  . Two Broncos ,  LB D.J . Williams and DL Ryan Mcbean ,  suspended six games each . TE Virgil Green suspended four games . League did not say why . P & G and its brands Tide ,  Gillette ,  Cover Girl and Bounty bought remaining tickets to Sunday's Chargers Bengals game . Sellout ,  no blackout . NFL creating new weekly cross flexing system for Sunday's next season in which 1 pm games on FOX can be 4 pm games on CBS and vice versa . Statement from agent Ben Dogra ,  whom CAA terminated today I want to thank CAA for the great time we have had ...  RT @ProLinkSports So ,  what's Jake Plummer up to these days  ?  Hosting his annual handball tourney in Idaho this wknd . Baseball note of day Ken Griffey Jr . has the most HRs of any player to never appear in the World Series . Clinical . Last Chiefs' WR to catch a TD pass was Dwayne Bowe in Week 14 of 2013 ,  a streak heading into tonight that spans 20 regular season games . Cardinals received a 24 hour extension from the NFL to the TV blackout deadline to try to sell out Sunday's game versus Seattle . Eight 1 pm games . Happy football ,  everyone . Finally . Officially . Bears hired Tim Ruskell as Director of Player Personnel . Patriots took Tom Brady off practice field more for precautionary reasons than anything . Looks as if Patriots Nation can exhale . Jim Schwartz said he expects both to play . RT @johnnyaguilera @AdamSchefter what about calvin johnson and matt stafford  ?  Colts coach Chuck Pagano has been diagnosed with a treatable form of leukemia ,  source told Chris Mortensen of ESPN . And speeches stapm . To say this is a strong denial from Peyton Manning on Sunday NFL Countdown would be an understatement . NFL confirms Browns WR Josh Gordon suspended two games  and fined two more game checks for violating Policy and ...  This is America ,  I guess Scalpers now asking up to 125 for free Bills Jets tickets in Detroit . Pete Carroll always knew how to recruit with the best of them . RT @PeteCarroll Hey @KingJames ...  Deals piling up but many are not the huge money variety . Brien Taylor ,  the Yankees No . 1 overall pick from the 1991 amateur draft ,  was sentenced to 38 months on cocaine charges . Starts on MNF RT @GusRamsey Vikings next 4 games . @Jets ,  Dallas  Moss kills them  ,  @GB  moon city  @Patriots . Amazing how this stuff works . Josh McD said he expects Marshall to contribute RT @rlambden @AdamSchefter update on Brandon Marshall  ?  Could he make impact this weekend  ?  Picks for week ,  with no one at ESPN thinking Cowboys will win tonight  which tells you Dallas has real chance . Colts QB Andrew Luck will not practice this week . Gary Kubiak on battle bw Mark SanchezTrevor Siemian Those two guys are right there with each other . It's a very competitive situation.then .Rams signed former Lions and Saints DT Tyrunn Walker ,  per source . Browns RB Peyton Hillis has strep throat and fever . Even though it might be contagious ,  Browns believe Hillis will play Sunday vs . Miami . Notable players already ruled out for Week 15 Bengals TE Tyler Eifert ,  Chiefs LB Justin Houston ,  Broncos S TJ Ward ,  Bills TE Charles Clay . Condolences to Bears LB Brian Urlacher ,  who is busy making funeral arrangments for his mother . To date ,  Redskins have shown zero inclination to trade Kirk Cousins and continue to insist they will not . Going into today's Divisional Playoff vs GB ,  Cowboys TE Jason Witten has not caught a TD in any of his seven postseason games . Titans QB Vince Young has apologized to HC Jeff Fisher . Rashard Mendenhall   bounced a big outside run . Looked good . Looked fast . Looked healthy . Can you name these NFL teammates  ?  Cantanzaroed . Like this Seahawks claimed linebacker O'Brien Schofield off waivers from Cardinals . Steelers officially listing Ben Roethlisberger as probable for Sunday's game vs Cincinnati . Worth watching ... Greatness on greatness  . RT @kravon1 What happened to Bill Cowher  ?  Only seen him mentioned once for a job this offseason .  ...  He'll be back on sideline in 2012.No more questions about it . RT @espn Sources Reggie Bush to return to New Orleans Saints    . RT @mortreport Filed to ESPN Brian Westbrook has scheduled visit to Redskins Wednesday . Interesting w Portis ,  L . Johnson ,  Willie Parker . Friday 10 Spot early Saturday Some of the hottest coaches available for hire ,  and other NFL notes . And now there are no Palmers in Cincinnati . Bengals released Carson's younger brother ,  QB Jordan Palmer . With Eddie Lacy a free agent ,  Packers backfield thin ...  Whoa . RT @snco Madoff Son Found Dead of Apparent Suicide    . Falcons reached agreement with OT Tyson Clabo . Dodgers announced last night that 86 year old Vin Scully will be back in 2015 for his 66th season in the broadcast booth . Tremendous . Bears WR Brandon Marshall remains hospitalized with 2 broken ribs and a collapsed lung that doctors successfully ...  Super Bowl XLVIII is 11 weeks from today . And just like that ,  Chase Daniel is the Eagles' new starting QB . Seahawks announced WR Ricardo Lockette sustained ligament damage in his neck that requires surgery to stabilize ...  49ers make a move at RB . Correct pronunciation for Jadeveon Clowney's first name juh DEV ee uhn . Second syllable is pronounced like first syllable in Devon.Filed to ESPN Free agent WR Plaxico Burress is expected to go to Pittsburgh to meet with and take a physical for the Steelers . Need WR help . RT @gmercer9 Umm ,  isn't Vitt suspended too  ?   ...  Suspension doesn't begin till after preseason . Saints can have Interim 2 HC coach first 6.Lions WR Marvin Jones ,  questionable for today vs Bears with a thigh injury ,  is expected to play ,  per source . Most interesting regular season race isn't for any division title or playoff seed . It's now for the No . 1 overall pick . Wide open . Lions claimed Corey Lemonier ,  per source . Star studded affair tonight in Dallas . Those expected to attend Cowboys game include George Bush 43 ,  Bon Jovi ,  Kid Rock ,  LeBron James . OT Langston Walker can go home again . More than a month after Buffalo cut him ,  Walker is expected to resign with the Raiders today . Bears have informed Pro Bowl kicker Robbie Gould that he is being released ,  league source tells ESPN . Falcons claimed former Browns WR Taylor Gabriel on waivers ,  per source . There are 30 scouts from 20 NFL teams and 1 CFL team at tonights Josh Rosen Sam Darnold ,  UCLA USC game now on ABC . JaMarcus Russell says he'd 'play for free' for a chance to return to the NFL . RT @AaronNagler Adam   any idea how much is upfront money on Chillar deal  ?  &lt  Sounds like 7 million guaranteed . Riley Cooper statement on his inappropriate language I am so ashamed and disgusted with myself . I want to ...  Jets and CFL standout LB Freddie Bishop   who visited 7 NFL teams   just reached agreement on two year deal ,  per source . Ealges are listing WR DeSean Jackson  foot  ,  T Winston Justice  knee  ,  CB Asante Samuel  knee  as questionable . Great column today in the Boston Herald from Gerry Callahan on Tom Brady and Peyton Manning . I'd put the link in here ,  but it's too long . One other Jaguars note   the team also withdrew its tender offer to linebacker Clint Ingram ,  making him an unrestricted free agent . Cleveland Browns were awarded running back Miguel Maysonet off waivers from Philadelphia . Arizona State unveils Pat Tillman statue at Sun Devil Stadium ...  Fritz Pollard Alliance While we understand and respect that different generations have different means of ...  Yesterday   not one of Bud Adams' better decisions . One of his best was in 1961   drafting Mike Ditka . Jets . Giants released two defensive backs ,  Aaron Rouse and Londen Fryar . Seahawks are trading CB Tramaine Brock to Minnesota for a conditional 7th round pick ,  as @ZobelSports said . Seahawks wheeling . Perfect game alert   and aren't these becoming common Reds P Travis Wood has a perfect game through eight innings . For those who lost track ...  RT @SprowESPN Browns have now had 3 different head coaches and 3 different GMs in the last 407 days . Decent . Am told Jets' QB Geno Smith's jaw was broken in two places . Now out 6 10 weeks . Some Hard Knocks observations Joe Philbin is a good man and coach who also happens to know his Seinfeld references . Giants placed TE Larry Donnell on injured reserve due to neck injury he suffered at New Orleans on Nov . 1.Not a Notre Dame fan . Not a Kentucky fan . Not even a big college basketball fan . And my heart is pounding . With the two sides unable to reach agreement on a paycut ,  the 49ers officially told CB Nate Clements they will be releasing him . John Clayton reporting FB Leonard Weaver re signs with Eagles   three years ,  11 million ,  including 6.5 million guaranteed . And there is some hope for those of us missing football . RT @bhofheimerespn NFL Draft is 1 month from today . Ravens also gave Elvis Dumervil 3.5 million injury guarantee on next year's option bonus ,  making it 12 million in guaranteed  from BALT . Ravens national scout Joe Douglas ,  who has been with team for 15 years ,  is going to Chicago Bears as college scouting director ,  per source . Just read advanced copy of John Saunders' and @Johnubacon's book ,  Playing Hurt.Totally floored ... Out in Aug . Read . teammate ... hmm . RT @FOASchatz Tom Brady finishes season with 9.0 TD INT ratio ,  beating record of 6.25 held by ...  Tom Brady . No other QB ever above 6.0.And in the third round ,  with the 88th overall pick ,   the Eagles do draft a QB ,  Arizona's Nick Foles . if i were smarter ,  I'd tweet picture ,  but i cant . Can someone in Twitterverse help and do it  ?  Funny photo . In a 24 hour stretch ,  season officially ended for Julio Jones ,  Ahmad Bradshaw and Mark Sanchez . Browns QB Kevin Hogan ,  who started last week ,  now down to 3rd string and Cody Kessler promoted to 2nd string ,  per @FieldYates and me . Eagles have been shopping CB Asante Samuel in recent days ,  according to NFL sources around league . Eagles looking to make trade before draft . Dolphins also requested permission to interview Arizona's Jason Licht ,  Pittsburgh's Omar Khan ,  Miami's Brian Gaine ,  Cleveland's Ray Farmer . Jabar Gaffney just dropped a Kyle Orton TD pass . But I loved Orton's reaction . He clapped and pointed to Gaffney as if to say ,  no worries . Patriots and Bengals each clinch division titles with a win Sunday New England hosts Jacksonville ,  Cincinnati hosts Kansas City . Little late ,  but Saints RB Reggie Bush and CB Jabari Greer are inactive tonight ,  and Pats RB Sammy Morris is active . So WASH now has lost DL Jarvis Jenkins and Adam Carriker . DAL now has lost DL Anthony Spencer and Tyrone Crawford . Advantage ,  PHIL and NYG . In 1998 draft ,  Peyton Manning went No . 1 overall ,  Charles Woodson No . 4. Now the last two active players from that class could be teammates . Cardinals placed QB Kevin Kolb on IR . By and large ,  Tiffany free agent prices are over . From now on ,  with a few exceptions ,  it's shopping at Target . Sure know how to make us feel at home in Texas . Freezing temperaturesice storm in forecast for Tuesday . #andESPNhasanoutdoorset  !  Well ...  RT @sharper42 If u feeling yourself put your game check on it . No TDs ,  less than 3 catches you give me your game check . Now whose talking . Bears have signed CB Zack Bowman to a one year contract and terminated the contract of vested veteran GT Chris Williams . So Sunday in Oakland its new Broncos OC Bill Musgrave matching up against new Raiders DC John Pagano . Chiefs announced they placed wide receiver Dwayne Bowe on injured reserve . Bucs defensive standouts Gerald McCoy  hand  and Lavonte David  ankle  ,  both questionable ,  both expected to play vs . Saints ,  per source . All time best 6th straight season New England will have a playoff bye next closest are SF and DAL ,  who had 4 straight byes from 1992 '95.Wow . My Twitter family came through big time . Many tweeted it was in my download file   and It was . Problem solved . Thank you  !  #weareback . Agreed . RT @THunley9 @AdamSchefter I find what @biodome10 doing very classless and there should be ramifications of some kind . Never would have thought that Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie would win an Oscar before a Super Bowl . #insidejob . Football Saturday . Off to ESPN for our pregame show today ,  1130 am eastern   right at kickoff of today's East Coast blizzard . Chargers released WR Chris Chambers .  . Bills now have ruled out QB Tyrod Taylor and WR Sammy Watkins from Sunday's game vs . Jacksonville . At least 24 teams personally have called OSU's Gareon Conley over the past 48 hours ,  per source . He has proclaimed his innocence to all . Dolphins keep on trying to make splash Jets free agent TE Dustin Keller will visit the Miami Dolphins . Seahawks LT Rees Odhiambo hospitalized after having trouble breathing ...  And now we can only hope that Sunday's football comes close to Saturday's . Wow . Dead on . RT @RealMikeSilver Sometime in the next few weeks a qb will go down ...  And fans of that team will moan ,  'why didn't WE sign vick ? 'Effective immediately ,  Jeff Ireland will assume full control over all decisions in regard to the Miami Dolphins . Patriots TE Aaron Hernandez is not expected to play Sunday vs . Buffalo due to lingering ankle injury . Pats activated TE Visanthe Shiancoe . The two Panthers scheduled to visit our bus today are Smash and Dash ,  RBs DeAngelo Williams and Jonathan Stewart . Former Jets and Titans RB Chris Johnson was shot in shoulder this morning in Orlando ,  per sources . He is thought to be OK . Others hurt . Never stoop to such tactics but if @KingJames doesn't DM me soon ,  we're going to have to get our friend @MikeTyson after him . Out of respect to the city's curfew ,  Ravens announced they have cancelled their Thursday night draft party . Chargers reached agreement on a one year deal with former Dolphins CB Richard Marshall . RT @GaryJMcBride CHI gets SEA . Its called Football Adam grow up  ...  What did I say  ?  I RTd . Grow up  ?  I give up . Have a good night everyone . Marshawn Lynch was a groomsman in Justin Forsett's wedding last summer . Two were teammates at Cal ,  now teammates in Seattle . Another valid point . RT @JoeClark7 Also there was no time to do it until mid August ,  when everyone's done playing catch up . Just sent to ESPN Lions HC Jim Schwartz announces his starting QB decision   Matthew Stafford . Your turn ,  Eric Mangini . What @tthasselbeck is buying me for my birthday this year ...  Two weeks from today   Niners rookies report to training camp . Better have their pants pulled up and their chinstraps buckled . Nice run Ricky Williams finished his NFL career with 10,009 rushing yards   one of 26 players in NFL history with 10,000 rushing yards . Felt terrible watching this RT @ESPNAndyKatz West Virginia confirms torn ACL ,  and yes that knee sprain  MCL . Awful news for Da'Sean Butler . Remembering Robin Williams ,  Joan Rivers ,  Philip Seymour Hoffman ,  Maya Angelou ,  James Foley ,  Casey Kasem and all those we lost in 2014.Sounds like first Sunday night regular season game is shaping up to be Giants at Cowboys . Just like two years ago . NFLPA weighs in on President Trump comments The peaceful demonstrations by some of our players have generated a ...  RT @kerryrhodes I'm detecting a lil jealousy from @rodneyh37 he must wish he was playing 2morrow . My talent outweighs his ask belichick . Bears announce former Patriots DT Akiem Hicks has agreed to a 2 year deal . ESPNs Chris Berman discusses the loss of his wife and the transition in his professional life ...  Answering the call my ALS Ice Bucket Challenge . Let's see who's next ...  Inactive today so far include QBs Ben Roethlisberger and Tyrod Taylor ,  WRs Antonio Brown ,  Jordan Matthews and ...  Adv ,  Dallas and KC Home teams in these NFL playoffs have won all 6 games this postseason and ,  going back to last postseason ,  12 straight . Bills have acquired a 2019 4th round draft pick from Kansas City Chiefs in exchange for LB Reggie Ragland . Remember this play ,  @Money23Green  ?  Great play by a great athlete . Different ways to win   some with the mind.Colts GM Chris Ballard on retaining HC Chuck Pagano  . Eat your hearts out DeSean Jackson and Devin Hester . Patriots G Dan Connolly has been named AFC Special Teams Player of the Week . Dwayne Wade received an incredibly inspirational message from his 13 year old son ,  Zaire ...  Saints signing former Patriots CB Brandon Browner to a 3 year deal ,  per source . Busiest sports day of year NCAA championship ,  women's on deck ,  baseball's opening day ,  Tiger prepping for Masters ,  McNabb traded to Wash . A look at the improbability of it all ,  via @ESPNStatsInfo  . NFL has yet to receive paperwork on Bengals and Andy Dalton's 6 year agreement ,  but deal expected to be signed later today . Worth pointing out that ,  since 2001 ,  on 4th and 2 or less ,  the Patriots had converted 76.4 percent of fourth down plays . Browns waived OL Jonathan Cooper.l ,  who has bounced from Arizona to New England to Cleveland to free . Ken Starr resigns as chancellor at Baylor . Good job here . RT @Behindthefacema @NateHaber and @AdamSchefter interviews are up on  . Ravens' rookies report to training camp today Saints' rookies already reported Wednesday . By next Saturday ,  everyone's in camp . NFL labor site bids adieu for at least 10 years . Eagles DT Brodrick Bunkley is out indefinitely with a torn ligament in his elbow . More tests tomorrow will determine if he misses season . Or this . RT @BeamanDJ dark chocolate almonds . Add Texans CB Dunta Robinson to that franchise player list . Thanks ,  Twitterverse . Steelers announced they released K Jeff Reed and signed K Shaun Suisham to a one year contract . And now Doug Whaley officially takes on the larger role for the Bills that he had been doing anyway . All these references about to be retired . RT @adbrandt Team that drafted Aaron Rodgers playing team that drafted Brett Favre . 49ers owner and president Jed York texted ESPN this morning that his team will win the NFC West . Lions RB Jahvid Best ,  who missed much of last season after suffering another concussion ,  was cleared to resume workouts . More at espn.com . What will Patriots do with all the exchanged Aaron Hernandez jerseys  ?  Patriots will destroy them in an eco friendly way . If Atlanta beats TB   and it's up 21 0   it'll be Lions at Saints ,  Falcons at NFC East winner . Men at ESPN watching the game believe Vick's injury is rib cartilage . Team announced he will be getting X rays . Please be on the lookout . Just got an email that reads that John Clayton commercial is classic ... brilliant !  And it is . One of the best . Despite his concussion last week ,  Browns offensive weapon Josh Cribbs is active today . More evidence this is a passing league nine defensive backs were selected in round one ,  two more than in any other draft . Redskins expected to start rookie RB Alfred Morris ,  according to NBC 4 in Washington . Makes sense . He was most impressive back this summer . More former Niners receivers in the house . RT @terrellowens DWTS 2NITE  !  WATCH CHAD DO HIS THING  !  I'LL B N THE DA HOUSE  !  Oakland reached into Green Bay for another smart hire Raiders hired Zak Gilbert as their new director of media relations . The pre camp battles Vikings and Seahawks battling for WR Sidney Rice Raiders and Niners battling for S Dashon Goldson . Former Steelers OT Willie Colon to Jets on a one year ,  1.2 million deal . With Eagles QB Mike Kafka fracturing his left hand Thursday night ,  Nick Foles is now taking the reps as Philly's No . 2 QB . Ten teams have three consecutive home games ,  while Green Bay and Houston are the only clubs with three straight road trips . Even at age 86 ,  Don Shula plans to make cross country trip to SF to attend SB 50 in support of his son Mike ,  the Panthers' OC ,  per source . ESPN's John Clayton reports the Cardinals have reached a multi year deal with former Cleveland Browns guard Rex Hadnot . RT @incarceratedbob Do u think Mike Vick gets signed or he gets to test FA  ?   ...  No chance Eagles let Vick hit the market this winter ,  Bob . Browns WR Josh Gordon conditionally reinstated . Hes eligible to practice on November 20th ,  be on the 53 man roster November 27th . Jaguars placed OT Eben Britton on injured reserve ,  signed OT Erik Pears . Will never think of Let It Snow the same way again ... Stumbled across a magazine ad last night for T.O.'s reality show on VH1. Debuts July 20. Now that Jon and Kate are broken up ,  T.O.'s it . Good for CU football player Derek McCartney for donating blood marrow . Have no problem with NFL opening season next September on a Thursday night with SF at SEA if league wants . Saints and Patriots still could consider a trade later on for CB Malcolm Butler ,  whose name arose in talks for WR Brandin Cooks ,  per source . Broncos HC John Fox knew there was an issue with heart valve that had to be addressed . Hoped it would wait until after season . Now unlikely . Gradkowski did look shaky ,  but facts are facts He threw three fourth quarter touchdown passes . In Pittsburgh . With the game on the line . Filed to ESPN Eagles Browns make 5 player deal Browns get CB Sheldon Brown ,  LB Chris Gocong Eagles get 4th and 5th rd picks ,  LB Alex Hall . Redskins made strong play for CB Aqib Talib ,  who returned to NE on one year deal . Take 18 mil in cap space from any team ,  options limited . Still no word RT @calvinwatkins At Cowboys complex waiting for a 415 CT news conference . Players ,  coaches in dark about what's going on . RT @espn NFL to implement training for players to deal with media     . Dak Prescotts 12 wins as a rookie starting QB are the second most in NFL history   only Ben Roethlisberger ,  13 0 in 2004 ,  had more . One team making a push to trade for Saints RB Darren Sproles the Washington Redskins . Sproles would be dynamic in Washington's backfield . Throwback season continues . Just filed to ESPN Ahman Green resigned with the Green Bay Packers . Officially . Is it wrong to feel this much adrenaline over our 16 team PPR ESPN fantasy draft that kicks off at 830 ? Jags' HC Gus Bradley said TE Julius Thomas has stable fracture'' in back of his hand ,  will miss preseason but should be back for opener . RT @VikingsFootball Vikings Inactives QB Bomar  3rd QB  ,  QB Favre ,  WR Lewis ,  WR Baskett ,  S Williams ,  S Johnson ,  T Welch ,  & DT Evans . The 49ers fear WR Michael Crabtree tore his Achilles on Tuesday . Crabtree is undergoing additional tests to confirm the injury . Pats' free agent WR Michael Floyd is talking to the Vikings ,  amongst other teams ,  and hopes to have a deal by end of next week ,  per source . More good local TV news RT @ONTHEBORDERSD @AdamSchefter Chargers blackout lifted too  !  Never could forget him . RT @benjiharding @AdamSchefter And Tim Russert    . RT @jasondaigle Not many guys get two 100 milllion contracts in an NFL career .  ...  Not many  ?  Not any ,  other than Mike Vick . No tag for WRs Randall Cobb ,  Jeremy Maclin ... no tag for TEs Julius Thomas ,  Jordan Cameron ... no tag for Ndamukong Suh.Let bidding begin . ESPY Day Auction to benefit @TheVFoundation   all proceeds go there ,  and some great experiences . Look . Couldn't agree more   great show RT @shawnemerriman Just finished watching Ricky Williams 30 for 30 on espn all I have to say is WOW . revenge ... NFLPA reps at secret Chicago meeting De Smith ,  Kevin Mawae ,  Mike Vrabel ,  Jeff Saturday and more . But other than Smith ,  NO lawyers . Was told earlier this week that Garrett Hartley is expected to kick tonight for the Saints ,  despite his hip injury . The social media world we live in @mrs75 is now weighing in on the Patriots using their franchise tag on her husband . Update Sheriff's official told AP thatwoman lost in Southern California forest for days has been rescued . Another hiker still missing . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . What I decided to do with my latest royalty check from The Longest Yard  . Cardinals added tight end Ben Patrick to their 53 man roster roster . Details aren't in yet ,  but Eric Berry and the Kansas City Chiefs reached agreement on a deal . Ernest Wallace will be arraigned Monday ,  July 8th at 2 p.m . in Attleboro District Court on charge of Accessory to Murder After the Fact . Bears DL Jeremiah Ratliff has been suspended the first three games for violating Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . Now ,  if there were any collusion from NFL owners ,  it apparently was to open the check books . How does Chargers WR Vincent Jackson not make Pro Bowl  ?  QB Ryan Mallett didn't impress when he played at Michigan . And he didn't impress today . One of the greatest innovators in history is gone . RIP ,  Steve Jobs . The two teams now making the strongest push for Broncos free agent LB Danny Trevathan are Atlanta and Chicago ,  per sources . Saints' TE Ben Watson on pace for 76 catches ,  944 yards ,  6 TDs . Former Saints' TE Jimmy Graham on pace for 76 catches ,  900 yards ,  4 TDs . Packers WR Davante Adams  ankle  and RB Eddie Lacy  ankle  upgraded to probable for Monday night's game vs . Chiefs . Injury to insult Redskins TE Fred Davis out for season with left Achilles tear . Catch of the day ...  RT @ColtMcCoy I lost my scale  !  Brian Hoyer is signing with Bears . RT @NFLonTheHill Passed my biz card wnote Wanna buy piece of Rams ?  to fellow on Acela 2Wash today . Dan Rather smiled 2 rich 4 me.Decision on Cable due about 5 pm eastern . Packers have used one of their two designations to return from IR on OT Jason Spriggs one designation remains with Aaron Rodgers on IR . New England has signed Steelers restricted FA WR Emmanuel Sanders to an offer sheet . At this time ,  Seymour's options are to report to Oakland or to sit out . Sounds like New England is out of this ,  with Oak's 2011 1st rd pick . 49ers HC jim Harbaugh ,  asked what he's most looking for out of players at this weekend's rookie minicamp Creative destruction.RT @EricStangel NFL Raiders bench JaMarcus Russell for Bruce Gradkowski . You know what that means   they have to reinforce the bench . Bet Chiefs fans feel a little differently about Carl Peterson after hearing him induct KC great Derrick Thomas . next . RT @cooleysmooth What was the biggest problem the steelers faced Sunday  ?   ...  The amount they had talked and inspired the Ravens . RT @justcallmeFlash Any word on Steve Spagnuolo decision yet  ?   ...  Taking his time . ATL ,  NO ,  PHIL all in play . Nice to have options . Percy Harvin told the Bills he is retiring ,  per source . Things to do during lockout  RT @BradleyWParks There's a web database for palindromes   palindromelist.net Have fun  !  So what if they don't play a Pro Bowl this season . They didn't play one last season ,  either . Congratulations to one of the Giants of sports reporting ,  @sageman01 ,  who had a more impressive run than the players he covered . Adisa Bakari Maurice was there and was not involved . As soon as an altercation broke out ,  Maurice exited the premises.Twitterverse agrees on the Rae Carruth story . RT @suze109 Saw it  ...  it WAS powerful . God bless his son . today . Ahmad Brooks will appeal 15,750 fine . He informed Tedy Bruschi that he will not accept his nor Ray Lewis' contributions ,  via @tunasweasel . RT @RavenManSam As a pharmacy tech I can tell u first hand that illegal codeine syrup distribution is common . He may be made an example of . eastern . Sunday's best at NFL training camps   What you need to know . Patrick Mahomes II would have hired Jeremy Bates as his private QB coach this off season   until Jets hired him as QB coach . Mutual respect . Unfortunate part of season ending knee injuries to Giants LB Jonathan Goff and CB Terrell Thomas is that each's contract expires after 2011.More details on Plaxico RT @espnnfl N.Y . turns down Plaxico Burress' work release request  . Bills today informed DE Ryan Denney ,  WR Terrell Owens and WR Josh Reed that the team will not offer them contracts ,  making them free agents . Doug Baldwin 'Can't help' but speak on police involved shootings.Wait ,  Christian McCaffrey broke the FBS record for all purpose yards in a season that Barry Sanders set in 1988 ?  Wow . Good genes ... I can hear it now . Stick to football ...   RT @espn Jayson Werth agrees to 126 million ,  7 year deal with Nationals    . Bama's Reuben Foster ,  a potential top 10 pick ,  is being sent home from combine for heated argument with a hospital worker ,  sources tell ESPN . No big surprise ,  but Bills QB Trent Edwards  concussion  already ruled out of Sunday's game versus Carolina . As an ESPN boss just pointed out ,  the Raiders now will try to move up to pick Holliday No . 1.#Sandyhelp . At 64 ,  Seattle's Pete Carroll is NFL's oldest head coach ,  and Seahawks had no hesitation about giving him contract extension through 2019.Bills signed Marcel Dareus to a six year ,  108 million extension ,  per source . RT @ESPNNFL The leg whip that @ndamukongsuh placed on our quarterback Jay Cutler ,  that was dirty   Brandon Marshall on @ESPNFirstTake . Patriots WR Julian Edelman recently underwent left foot surgery but is on track to return for training camp ,  sources told @MikeReiss and me . Now official Bengals Steelers flexed to next Sunday night . Ravens' QB Joe Flacco ,  listed as questionable with a shoulder injury ,  is expected to start today vs Jets ,  per ...  RT @espnnfceast NFL tells Redskins No salary cap relief  . Congratulations to the Patriots ,  Steelers and Ravens ,  who all clinched playoff spots Sunday . Dolphins have fired their offensive coordinator Bill Lazor ,  as @ThayerEvansSI reported . Broncos' WR Jordan Taylor does his best OBJ impersonation with ,  to date ,  the catch of camp . DE Robert Ayers deal now done with Denver . Time to move on to RB Knowshon Moreno . Even with Jimmy Garoppolo starting Thursday night ,  Patriots have not yet decided who will be their No . 2 QB . Buffalo is now open to trading WR Lee Evans and some believe the Bills former 1st rd pick is expected to be dealt within the next 48 hours . Patriots released WR Deion Branch . And now Bengals TE Tyler Eifert exiting the game and field ... Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Hugs From Holly Day ,  for the Heaps . Any and all support appreciated.Good message to send . More should do it . RT @espn Seattle Seahawks to LB Leroy Hill Stay home ,  work on issues    . Jets HC Todd Bowles told reporters that DL Mo Wilkerson suffered a broken leg today . Music to Tennessee There's been at least one instance of a team trading up in 1st round to take a QB in 11 of past 12 NFL drafts . all . Trade bw MINN and SEA for Percy Harvin contingent upon a new contract for Harvin contract likely to be completed in next 48 hours . Tony Romo underwent additional testing today ,  including a CT scan ,  on his fratured left clavicle . Estimated recovery time is 6 8 weeks . Packers NT B.J . Raji is out for the season ,  as many suspected ,  with a torn bicep . Champs ,  and MVPs ,  are tough to put away . Bills GM Doug Whaley on Jets' 1st round pick Leonard Williams We thought the best defensive and probably the best player in the draft.Bills announced Buddy Nix is stepping away from GM role . Despite being listed as questionable ,  Panthers RBs Jonathan Stewart and Mike Tolbert will play today . RB DeAngelo Williams is very doubtful . Pernell McPhee and Jordan Howard honoring Zach Miller at todays practice  . Sure @michaelsmith and his fantasy team will take notice of this Bucs announced they signed former Cowboys WR Kevin Ogletree . Receiver needy teams that figure to be interested in Josh Gordon Browns ,  Dolphins ,  Panthers ,  Colts ,  Eagles ,  Cowboys ,  Redskins and more . For all the trade talk ,  if we see more than two or three minor trades in the next week ,  it'll be a lot . Football's not baseball   not here . ESPN report Jameis Winston's father says he will enter NFL draft . Possible No . 1 overall pick . Ezekiel Elliott took first team reps vs . scout team in practice today ,  a sign that the Cowboys will play him some Sat night vs . Raiders . RT @mortreport Filed to ESPN and going on SC Favre had ankle surgery this morning in Gulf Breeze ,  Fl. ,  by Dr . Andrews . Washington CB Josh Norman out a couple weeks with a fractured rib ...  RT @MikeReiss Seth Davis wrote Wes Welker is recovering from a torn rotator cuff . ESPNBoston.com later confirms . Only Zim ... at a Hall of Fame party ,  Zimmerman was wearing a white dress spot that had splotches of blood on the front and back of it . Odd . Colts were concerned ,  but turns out OL Jack Mewhort does not need surgery and owner Jim Irsay expects him to miss 2 4 weeks . Saints restricted free agent OT Zach Strief signed his second round tender . Packers RB Jamaal Williams MRI results came back negative   no ligament damage ,  purely muscular ,  per source . Could miss next game ,  not more . Rams are going to Case Keenum as their new starting QB Nick Foles to the bench . Jets officially have signed first round pick Leonard Williams ,  per source . CC Brown steps in to start . @Vinster24 Are Giants looking in house for Kenny Phillips replacement or are they looking into Free Agents  ?  Redskins tried out former NFL WRs Demetrius Williams and Reggie Brown on Tuesday . Incredible Ann Mara had 11 children ,  43 grandchildren  including actresses Rooney Mara and Kate Mara  ,  16 great grandchildren . What a life . It's a father and sons story written into pages of football folklore . #BookofManning premieres tonight at 8pm ET on ESPN . RT @ajmann24 What's the word on Colt McCoy  ?   ...  Sent home again today . Doesn't look like he's playing Sunday . Players can't tweet 90 minutes before kickoff and till postgame media obligations met . Ochos tweets came at 650 and 953 during 800 game . Saints cut TE Jeremy Shockey . Now being told Josh Gordon will be suspended 10 games ,  which turns into 9 games starting now . So itll be 9 more of suspension ,  not eight . Chiefs have told members of their organization that DC Romeo Crennel will be their interim head coach . His first game will be vs . Packers . He went unclaimed . RT @GreggPalermo does @ChaseDaniel make it through waivers and back to the Saints PS or does he get a look somewhere  ?  Typical slow news Saturday ... sheesh . RT @ESPNEWS Richard Seymour of Oakland Raiders signs 12.4M franchise tag   ESPN  . decision . Broncos officially re signed Brock Osweiler . Pass rusher Shane Ray goes to IR to make room . Brock a Bronco . Average 40 yard dash time of WRs at Combine was 4.56 seconds   slowest average time for WRs at a Combine in 11 years the data has been kept . Here we go Bears are considering trading back from No . 3 ,  per sources . Dolphins just reached agreement with first round pick Jared Odrick . Details to follow shortly . Giants director of college scouting Marc Ross interviewed Friday for the Jaguars GM job . Despite injuring his left shoulder ,  Titans QB Jake Locker said he plans to play next Sunday at San Diego . Eagles' announcement Chairman and CEO Jeffrey Lurie today announced a new structural change for the Philadelphia ...  Bengals S George Iloka is appealing his one game suspension ,  per source . Cleveland scores TE Ben Watson signed a three year ,  12 million deal with the Browns that includes 6.35 million guaranteed . With Eagles' OT Lane Johnson's 10 game suspension upheld ,  he now stands to lose remaining 25 million in guaranteed money left in contract . Eagles announced they have agreed to terms with second round draft selection LB Mychal Kendricks on a four year deal . At least he went to a Pro Bowl . I'll go with Aaron Smith . RT @MJThrill @AdamSchefter most under rated player in the NFL ... Jay Ratliff . Home teams 6 0 this post season . But worth nothing the Giants seem awfully relaxed and confident heading into today's game . Eagles announced they officially signed QB Tim Tebow to a one year contract . This is great ...  RT @khuber10 And now by popular demand .. I have found a pic worthy of my new avatar  !  Enjoy everyone . RT @mortreport Tony Sparano tells media he has evidence of Le'Ron McLain spitting on LB Channing Crowder & plans to prove it to NFL . Doesn't mean it will happen ,  but owners pushing for an extension of talks . Players willing if owners make some concessions . Filed to ESPN Seattle traded  QBWR Seneca Wallace to the Cleveland Browns . No compensation known yet . Wallce reunited with Holmgren . Steelers WR Emmanuel Sanders now scheduled to visit SF on Saturday after spending today in KC . Boston mayor 'Fire up the duck boats' for Patriots' parade Tuesday . Giants make significant off season move NY signed offensive tackle Will Beatty to a five year ,  38.75million deal ,  per sources . NO team can go after him . He's Niners property till next draft at least RT @Bullzfan7 @AdamSchefter why don't the bears go after crabtree  ?  Updated With Saints DT Nick Fairley being placed on reservenon football injury ,  he's now out for 2017. Officially . NFL time could be over . Former Texans WR DeVier Posey was named the Grey Cup MVP . Antonio Gates 5050 to play Monday . Saints and Drew Brees remain well apart in their efforts to produce a long term contract . If no deal by Monday ,  Saints will franchise him . Guessing Pats gave up a 3rd round pick and a 4th being they traded their 5th to Tampa for TE Alex Smith . Don't forget NE still has 3 2's . Each of the draft's top four teams   St . Lou ,  Det ,  TB ,  Wash   has talked trade and would love to move back . Jalen Rose riding Magic Johnson's jet to Michigan Louisville ,  says it would be 'flagrant' for Chris Webber not to ...  Bills today announced that the team has released QB Trent Edwards . Busy day by the Bay 49ers signed second round pick Taylor Mays . As SalPal reported ,  Buccaneers CB Eric Wright will not play today vs Falcons due to sore Achilles . Bucs secondary vulnerable . A new ESPN app allowing users to determine NFL playoff seedings based on who wins in final weeks . PR war between Chargers and Joey Bosa now on . 6 foot 3 Skyler Mornhinweg plays safety at St . Joseph's Prep and could play quarterback for Jim Harbaugh at Stanford in 2012. Im blown away . Wonders of a bye week . RT @giantspathanlon Entire 53 man roster practicing today ... first time I have been able to say that this season ... At pick 87 ,  Giants select potential Eli Manning successor ,  Cal QB Davis Webb . Some think Webb is as talented as QB he succeeded ,  Jared Goff . Just like we all thought On the day the Browns beat Saints ,  the Bills are now taking the Ravens to OT . Looks like first holdout of summer is here Texans OT Duane Brown ,  who skipped OTAs ,  not expected to show up for camp opening ,  per source . Cardinals announced Steve Keim as GM . Here's my question Would the NFL have fined Titans owner Bud Adams 125,000 if he had flipped only the single bird  ?  Browns OT Joe Thomas contract includes a 1.5 million incentive if he is voted into three Pro Bowls on the original ballot like he now has . John Urschel is 14th player to retire at age 30 or younger this offseason . Twenty players retired at 30 or younger during 2016 offseason . San Francisco 49ers announced they signed QB Josh Johnson to a one year deal . Knows Jim Harbaugh and his O well . Well deserved . RT @ellenport Congrats to the great Gil Brandt ,  winner of this year's Horrigan Award from Pro Football Writers . So with Reggie Bush landing with 49ers ,  Patriots still need a Shane Vereen replacement . Minnesota likes Toby Gerhart here an awful lot . #nfldraft . Bills hired former Rams OC Rob Boras as their TE coach . Six teams with new HCs   Bucs ,  Colts ,  Raiders ,  Rams ,  Jags ,  Dophins   begin their off season programs today . Former Titans head coach Jeff Fisher is scheduled to meet today with the St . Louis Rams . Fisher will choose between the Rams and Dolphins . Wow Jets HC Todd Bowles said QB Geno's Smith sucker punched in locker room by IK Enemkpali . Geno now out 6 10 weeks . With the #FantasyFootball playoffs on the line ,  be more informed . This tool from @IBMWatson helps you easily compar  . A UFL source said Terrelle Pryor would benefit from the NFL coaching in the league ,  and there's a decent shot he could wind up in UFL . RT @lindacohn It's over for Kurt Warner . He is announcing his retirement . We are all over it on Espnews at 5p et . Great guy ,  HOF career . Bears announced CB Charles Tillman suffered triceps injury ,  being placed on IR with designation to return . Most receiving yards from 2nd yr players this yearAllen Robinson  330Allen Hurns  314OBJ  307Jordan Matthews  281Donte Moncrief  278 . Jerry Jones comments on CTE dont sit well with former QB Jake Plummer ...  Former Packers' TE Andrew Quarless came off his two game suspension today ... and the Detroit Lions promptly released him . Oh boy ...  Bill Polian just said on NFL Live that @TimTebow  should be moved to RB and traded to Jacksonville ,  where he could become next John Riggins . Bills DT Marcell Dareus ,  back from four game suspension ,  unlikely to play today due to hamstring injury he suffered in practice ,  per source . No T.O. ,  so onwards . RT @RichCimini Laveranues Coles will work out 4 Jets trmw ,  source says . Barring a snag ,  he's expected 2 sign . And so Adrian Peterson is a Saint . Filed to ESPN Packers re signed OT Chad Clifton . 3 years ,  20 million ,  7.5 million guaranteed . It's not quite Seymour to the Raiders ,  but here's today's big trade End of the summer for the start of the NFL . RT @dpassen Less than a month away from free agency  !   ...  Except free agency isn't going to be like what people remember . 2011 coming . RT @LeviDamien A new generation of kids learning to fake a PI penalty ... Ed McCaffrey Football Camp scheduled June 28 July 1 in Denver . Ndamukong Suh's next targets Most guaranteed  on D contractsJJ Watt  51.9MGerald McCoy 51.5MPatrick Peterson 48.0MJoe Haden 45.1MNFL fined 49ers S Dashon Goldson 25,000 for throwing punches during Sunday's win over Arizona . But no suspension for tonight . Reinforcements needed with Brandon Marshall benched Broncos signed WR Matthew Willis to active roster from teams practice squad . Bills' WR Jordan Mathews has what team is calling a chip fracture in his sternum and is week to week . Jets are releasing QB Brady Quinn today . Per SalPal ,  Eagles QB Michael Vick expected to start Friday night for Patriots . Ravens are giving RB Justin Forsett a three year deal ,  per source . Bills RB Karlos Williams suspended the first four games . Broncos HC Josh McDaniels said Knowshon Moreno  hamstring  and fullback Spencer Larsen  ankle  wont play Sunday at Baltimore . Steelers WR Martavis Bryant underwent elbow surgery to remove infection and will miss at least several days ...  Former Cardinals' pass rusher Dwight Freeney ,  visiting Cincinnati today ,  told @JimTrotterNFL that he likely will visit Atlanta next week . Buffalo has NFL best 14 TO margin this season . Its not only best in NFL ,  but best by any team through 7 games since 2005 Bengals  14 .Browns TE Jordan Cameron not expected to play vs Saints due to a shoulder injury ,  per league source . Two recommended books leadership book from former Broncos GM Ted Sundquist  . Ivys recognize the Ivy talent . Harvard front office of the Browns now select Princeton WR Seth Devalve . LB Vontaze Burfict already has appealed the 75,000 fine that @AkronJackson reported the NFL handed him for his stomp of LeGarrette Blount . Houston cornerback Dunta Robinson has decided to report to the Texans on sunday and sign his one year ,  9.957 million deal . Downpour in Foxboro now ,  though it is expected to lighten some for tonight's NYJ NE game . I'm technologically challenged so link to DUI arrest of Sahel Kazemi didn't take . My bad . Go to AOL.com . Video of her and McNair is there . Tom Brady didn't mince words on the Patriots performance We just sucked.Heading back to Pittsburgh ...  RT @jharrison9292 I'll give it one more year  !  Former Seahawks and Jets RB Leon Washington is visiting the Patriots today . Eagles have agreed to terms on a 1 year contract with G Chance Warmack . A retro column RT @richarddeitsch The great Dave Anderson on what the NFL Draft was like before it aired on TV  . Proud to suppo . Lions cut RB Reggie Bush ,  per source . Don't know if there are any contract #s on Chiefs DE Tyson Jackson ,  but I was told 5 years ,  57 million ,  31 million guaranteed . Eagles are not expected to use franchise tag on QB Sam Bradford ,  per league sources ,  though they still have some interest in re signing him . Ravens announced they signed G Marshal Yanda to a four year contract extension . 49ers' HC Jim Tomsula made his feelings on social media very clear today I dont like it at all . I dont know ...  ESPN analyst Merril Hoge on Johnny Manziel I see bust written all over him    especially if he's drafted in the 1st round.Signing books at Hall and who should come up with one  ?  Chris McDaniels . Josh McDaniels' mom . A very classy lady . Chiefs RB Charcandrick West officially inactive . Interesting in that Brian Cushing was selected to the Pro Bowl last season but ,  under NFL rules ,  will not be allowed to go this season . Please excuse incessant tweets for next 30 mins . RT @ESPNBook Twitterview with @AdamSchefter today . You can follow along beginning at 415.Numbers game   and he lost in Washington . RT @danschwrz @AdamSchefter why didnt chace make a team out of camp  ?  A preview of Michael Strahan's sitcom debut . Guy's taken to LA ,  huh  ?  Schaffer said 2 intoxicated women approached Jones at Reds game ,  took picture with him ,  threw bottle of beer at him ,  then Jones slapped one . Still hard to imagine that Saints CB Tracy Porter might have sent Brett Favre into retirement and Peyton Manning into misery . For those asking who Joe Delaney was ,  heres a link to his deeds and memory from the great Frank Deford ...  Whoa ...  RT @vxmcclure23 Quick story on Falcons LB Sean Weatherspoon being lost for the season . NFL upholds 3 game suspension for Bengals LB Vontaze Burfict ,  per @DanGrazianoESPN . The Catch . Today's story from @mortreport and me on Dolphins G @68INCOGNITO . And if Raiders do announce Dennis Allen's firing ,  Tony Sparano then would be expected to become interim HC . The Buccaneers announced today that they have reinstated G Arron Sears to the team . As @EricEdholm reported ,  Panthers WR Steve Smith agreed to a three year contract extension through 2015. Deal expected to be signed today . 4th rd pick traded from Wash to Philly turns to a 3rd if McNabb goes to Pro Bowl OR he plays 70% of snaps AND Redskins win 9 games . Bengals claimed RB Walter Mendenhall on waivers from the Buffalo Bills.And @michaelsmith just beat @mortreport in the ESPN War Room fantasy league finals on a hail mary interception ... wow . 17 year anniversary of this draft pick ,  which came on Bill Belichick's 48th birthday  . Tampa Bay wound up not releasing CB Johnthan Banks instead it is trading him to Detroit ,  per league source . So there's another trade . Former Broncos CB Champ Bailey is signing with the New Orleans Saints ,  per league sources . Chill out Sunday's forecast for Giants at Green Bay is a high of 18 degrees ,  low of 16 ,  20 percent chance of snow . Forgive the personal tweet ,  but happy 13th birthday to Jason Wolpov ,  the little man of the Big Man . And so Seattle loses CB Richard Sherman and now will try to bolster its LOB with former LOBer Byron Maxwell . I now know how to spend my 10.33. RT @Jasconius make it rain  !  LeVeon Bell has signed his 12.1M franchise tender . Officially back . Adding two QBs before the draft doesn't mean Cleveland done making moves at the position . Still will wind up drafting QB . Friday 10 Spot Raiders quietly building a winner ,  the CBA hits Cam Newton ,  the 2.000 yard man  ?  PART III Flacco had three inches of swelling in his right leg last week and some thought he wouldn't be able to play vs . Patriots . Sage Rosenfels salary in 2010 2.6 million . Brett Favre's extra money in 2010 3 million . Believe that's robbing Sage to pay Brett . Look at the work of Frenchy  more at frenchy@frenchylive.com   . Coaches love to use the expression ,  Game time decision. It truly sounds like one for Rams QB Sam Bradford ,  who will test ankle pregame . We called it good news for Jay Cutler . Others have different ideas . RT @gruberted Bad news for Matt Forte . With Taylor Decker recovering from shoulder surgery ,  Lions signed veteran OT Tony Hills.Detroit also signed former Bears DT Ego Ferguson . Tuesday's workout with Chargers will be Robert Griffin III's first team visit this off season . Had another visit lined up but cancelled it . Eagles announced the release of RB Brian Westbrook . Filed to ESPN Former Bills and Jaguars defensive tackle Marcus Stroud reached agreement on a two year deal with the New England Patriots . We're trying to get a pulse . RT @iamtone so @AdamSchefter is jim zorn good as gone  ?  Eagles improved to 11 2 and clinched NFC East division title . Few ,  if any ,  division titles have felt more somber . Now official for tonight Gronk in ,  Jimmy Garoppolo out . Nnamdi Asomugha has 20 HS students in Bay Area today for his scholarship program ,  touring Cal and Stanford . Asomugha driving them in a van . Packers QB Matt Flynn has only thrown for 481 yards and only six touchdown passes . That's it . #kaiching . According to reporters on the scene at practice ,  Lions rookie RB Mikel Leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury . Steelers have placed franchise tag on RB Le'Veon Bell ,  per source . Zak Gilbert ,  the PR Director the Raiders fired this weekend ,  is tremendous at his job . Firing him is ridiculously undeserved move . Another expected franchise move is official Jets placed their franchise tag on LB David Harris . More coming up on Sportscenter . RT @espnnfl Dolphins' Tony Sparano safe through bye   . Reggie Wayne has two years left on a contract scheduled to pay him 5.47 million this year ,  5.95 million next year . He would like top WR .Chiefs placed DE Glenn Dorsey on injured reserve and elevated DB Neiko Thorpe from the practice squad to the 53 man roster . Saints reached agreement with OT Jermon Bushrod on a two year deal . Texans have named Ryan Mallett their new starting QB . Jets QB Josh McCown broke his left hand . Restricted FAs to sign today include Chiefs K Cairo Santos ,  Jets DB Marcus Williams ,  Steelers DB Ross Cockrell ,  Panthers G Andrew Norwell . Rams traded second round pick ,  41 overall ,  to Carolina for a 3rd  and 6th round pick . No practice today for Bears WR Alshon Jeffery ,  who suffered a groin injury Wednesday . @tunasweasel weeps . yet . Lions approached about trading Calvin Johnson's rights ,  sources tell ESPN . More on Sunday NFL Countdown ...  Put me down in the When does Sam Bradford sign office pool for Friday . Both sides know the deal has to be done sooner rather than later . William Moore's five year deal with Atlanta is worth a maximum of 32 million ,  including 18 million in first three years . Cardinals HC Ken Whisenhunt was in Pittsburgh with Joey Porter ,  as was Arizona LB Clark Haggans . It's like a homecoming for Porter . Browns 49ers have discussed trade for WR Josh Gordon . Deal unlikely with Mario Manningham coming off PUP ,  Crabtree slated to return in Nov . Special Divisional Playoff round edition of ESPN's Postseason NFL Countdown on from 10 to noon . Hard as it is to imagine ,  there are Ravens players who believe that ,  if Baltimore wins the SB ,  Ray Lewis could call it a career . Miami claimed former Redskins WR Anthony Armstrong on waivers . Patrick Mahomes II ,  the Chiefs' first round draft pick ,  robbed at gunpoint . Could see Jets trading late round pick for him . RT @RichCimini Saints RFA RB Chris Ivory visited Jets yesterday . Another free agent jolt Rams free agent RB Steven Jackson has reached agreement with the Atlanta Falcons . Another great read . RT @DanWetzel My column on Joe Paterno and a failure that can't be excused  . Searching for running back help ,  Dominic Rhodes and T.J . Duckett both worked out for the New York Giants on Tuesday . When people show you who they are ,  believe them   Maya Angelou ,  RIP . One side note about new Dolphins QB Pat Devlin Raiders and Colts were very interested in trying to sign him . The Falcons are on the verge of acquiring Eagles Pro Bowl cornerback Asante Samuel for a late round pick . RT @kdecody you're obviously not following Tebow  !   ...  Actually ,  it feels like Tebow is a veteran already on par with Favre . Oklahoma announced Landry Jones staying in school   one less QB in April . Cardinals RB Rashard Mendenhall will not play today vs . Atlanta due to a toe injury rookie RB Andre Ellington will start . Jets cut LB Ricky Foley ,  who they claimed on waivers from Seattle this week . And how about this Rams signed all 11 draft picks together this afternoon . All together . Draft class signed . Thursday's NFC Championship Game injury report  . NFL filed today with the National Labor Relations Board an unfair labor practice charge against the NFL players union . Funny girl RT @RachelNichols Winnipeg never seemed like Pacman's kind of town . Idea of strip club there is a girl taking off her parka . Football Texans DE J.J . Watt dislocated his elbow today . Texans doctors popped it back in and Watt expected to not miss much time . Odell Beckham Jr . was called for four penalties Sunday ,  tied for the most by a wide receiver in a game in the past 15 seasons . James Harrison will have on his game face first Hard Knocks episode with the Bengals will air Tuesday ,  Aug . 6.Few things worse than preseason injuries . RT @TheBlueScreen Ruptured Achillies for Giants rookie RB Andre Brown . His season is over . Saints have placed veteran OT Zach Strief on IR ,  per @fieldyates . NFLs Senior Vice President of Labor Policy & League Affairs Adolpho Birch sent this letter to NFLPA todayAs ...  I'm expecting a very big day for him . RT @PackerPapaPete @AdamSchefter Rodgers gonna have a big day today ,  agree  ?  RT @cvilleman34 Who do u think the bengals running back will be next year  ?   ...  Can see Bengals using one of their two No . 1 picks on a RB . RB Trent Richardson ,  former No . 3 overall pick in the draft ,  worked out for Chiefs today . Cardinals now trying to determine if RB Chris Johnson can make it back by end of season with his fractured tibia that @JayGlazer reported . Harry Douglas got tied up in a one on one drill with third round pick ,  CB Chris Owens ,  and down went Douglas . For the day and the season . Former Dolphins WR Brian Hartline is visiting the Texans today . RT @SNFonNBC Brett Favre will be inactive for tonight's game   Joe Webb will be the starting QB for the #Vikings . RT @NFLPA NFL provided 16 exhibits to NFLPA of evidence to be used against players in today's hearing . Exhibits  . And Judge says George Zimmerman has no further business with this court ... just like that . Smith .NFL suspended Cardinals LB Daryl Washington for four games for violating leagues substance abuse policy . More on Falcons' Pro Bowl C Alex Mack playing Super Bowl LI with a chip fracture in his left fibula ...  Staying busy on their bye week ,  the Rams waived veteran safety Anthony Smith . Filed to ESPN Patriots placed first  and third round tender on guard Logan Mankins . Rams WR Tavon Austin is expected to play today vs Browns ,  per source . Some big coin flips this a.m . It's Broncos vs . Jags for 10th or 11th pick ,  and Texans vs . Falcons for 19th or 20th . Tails never fails . Panthers LB Luke Kuechly is inactive tonight vs Washington . No reason for him to play with concussion history . Congratulations to J.K . Mullen HC Dave Logan ,  who won his 5th state championship this weekend . So when does Univ . Of Colorado hire him  ?  Jets placed WR Charone Peake on IR and signed RB Travaris Cadet . Eagles HC Andy Reid said Mike Vick underwent CT scan on hand today and it showed no fracture . NY Giants of 2007 ,  meet Wisconsin Badgers of 2015.Mini AFC North tour Alabama QB A.J . McCarron visiting Browns in Cleveland today ,  then scheduled to visit Ravens in Baltimore on Wednesday . So unless Detroit re signs Ndamukong Suh by next Tuesday ,  he is free to leave Lions for highest bidder ... Eagles traded RB Bryce Brown to the Buffalo Bills ,  per league source . Rams Pro Bowl P Johnny Hekker ,  with 43.8 net avg . per punt ,  is challenging single season NFL record  43.9 net . One game vs . SEA to do it . Amari Cooper Active.Ameer Abdullah Inactive.Nick Perry Inactive.Geno Atkins Active . How different men do different jobs ...  After injuring his hamstring last week ,  Alabama RB Eddie Lacy now hopes to perform all drills at Alabama's Pro Day on March 13. No combine . Richie Incognitos grievance vs . Dolphins ,  scheduled for today ,  has been postponed until Ted Wells finishes his independent investigation . Former Dolphins OT Jonathan Martin ,  who was on Carolina's roster ,  is retiring ,  as @RapSheet reported . To quote one of Brandon Marshall's good friends on his goal of playing in the NBA Trust me ,  he is serious.RT @RossTuckerNFL  Why I loved Sunday's vicious hits from James Harrison & Dunta Robinson  . RT @audramakenzie Are u being facetious  ?   ...  Not in slightest . Here it is 60 Min gospel story   . Saturday edition of Sunday NFL Countdown now on the air until noon . From the time there is a new CBA ,  Titans will have 10 days to trade Vince Young before 4.25 million bonus due . Clock starts with new CBA . Looking forward to the next NBA game sometime around the fall of 2012. #gotsometipsforchrisbroussard . And Colts S Bob Sanders visited with Dr . James Andrews yesterday to see how severe his left elbow injury is . Still awaiting word on it . Cardinals are signing Scooby Wright to their active roster . Packers WR Greg Jennings is active . Unless he was a groomsman ...  RT @qbpick I'm guessing Ed Werder had the day off  ?  RT @brittanyfavre So I got married this morning . Kudos RT @JayCutler6 With the Bears and JC6 Foundation's support ,  we raised 175k through Touchdowns for Diabetes to send kids to camp . This you ,  @stephenasmith  ?  Steelers' President Art Rooney II talked about his father ,  Dan ,  just days before his passingListen ...  This game is so good ,  could watch it go on 23 more nights ... Patriots QB Tom Brady and TE Rob Gronkowski are officially active . The man at the center of Media Day . Broncos signed K Matt Prater to a four year contract ,  Executive Vice President of Football Operations John Elway announced . Saints announced they signed former Cowboys WR Patrick Crayton . Colts shut down their website . Time to focus on Sunday ...  If not done already ,  NFL pushing hard to flex next week's Minnesota at Green Bay game to Sunday night . The likely flex option . Bills HC Doug Marrone also said WR Kevin Elliott has a torn ACL and will miss the season . For those that asked for a little more info on new Eagles GM Howie Roseman . Today's podcast RT@podcenter Football Today 122  Ross Tucker and Adam Schefter talk about working ...    Ezekiel Elliott has until Wednesday to file his appeal of his 6 game suspension ,  but it is likely to be submitted Tuesday ,  per source . Best wishes to a bigtime playmaker . RT @espnnfl Brandon Banks of Washington Redskins in hospital after stabbing  . Injury bug bites Eagles again . Congratulations ,  Bus  !  RT @JeromeBettis36 So happy to be amongst the games greatest players  !  My Family and I are truly honored and blessed  !  RT @bhofheimerespn Happy birthday today to ESPN NFL analyst and one of the @Patriots all time greats Tedy Bruschi . Dunta Robinson and Leigh Bodden are expected to be the most heavily pursued free agent CBs . Eagles' Jordan Matthews expected to be out vs Bengals ,  Nelson Agholor to be active Sunday . Lions traded OT Tyler Polumbus to Seattle for what is thought to be a late round pick in return . Seahawks have signed punter Jon Ryan to a four year contract ,  team announced . ICYMI Ryan Tannehill could rest and rehab for 6 8 weeks or have season ending surgery.After beating Baltimore to clinch AFC North title ,  the Steelers locker room used FaceTime to talk to teammate Ryan  . Vikings and the Wilf family are pledging 100,000 to support Hurricane Sandy storm recovery efforts . With Pats DE Rob Ninkovich retiring today ,  former Panthers DE Kony Ealy now projects as starter and his acquisition takes on added meaning . There it is . RT @APtcollins My sources tell me that @RAIDERS HC Dennis Allen is fired and an announcement could come as soon as Tuesday . Redskins signed former Saints WR Devery Henderson in addition to WR Donte Stallworth . Wedding gifts for RGIII  ?  RT @servantov Suh update  ?   ...  No deal tonight . Please check back tomorrow . Look who I just found on Twitter ,  my friend DBrooks . Hope he doesn't have H1N1 like Sapp  !  RT @DBrooks55 . RT @SprowESPN Chris Johnson deal  gulp for Vikings . 30M guaranteed for a RB ,  and Adrian Peterson is a FA next year . Texans LT Duane Brown has been suspended without pay for four games for violating the NFL policy on performance enhancing substances.Giants HC Tom Coughlin said Giants WR Ramses Barden likely is done for the year with an ankle injury . Cardinals fired HC Ken Whisenhunt . Up to 7 HCs today . This is what happens when you're no longer President of the Eagles or CEO of the Browns You join Twitter . Welcome ,  @JoeBanner13.Dallas restructured contract of DE DeMarcus Ware ,  converting 5 million of his base salary into signing bonus ,  saving 4 million against cap . Paying respects in Newtown ...  Highly regarded spinal surgeon says Jermichael Finley unlikely to return from bruised spinal cord without surgery ...  Browns now finalizing deal to hire Bengals OC Hue Jackson as their next HC ,  per sources . Close to being wrapped up ,  per sources . In Broncos' locker room ,  CJ Anderson said he wants to finish his career in Denver so he never has to block Von Miller.With mounting injuries at running back ,  Panthers are signing former Browns RB Chris Ogbonnaya . Bengals announced they claimed John Skelton on waivers . So the former Cards' QB is a Bengals' QB and the former Bengals' QB is the Cards' QB . Panthers head coach John Fox said rookie quarterback Jimmy Clausen will start Sunday versus the Cincinnati Bengals . Uh oh Packers rookie OL Derek Sherrod suffered a broken leg ,  OT Bryan Bulaga suffered a knee sprain and will undergo an MRI on Monday . Vikings placed OT Matt Kalil and signed former Broncos RB Ronnie Hillman . As my boss ,  @tunasweasel ,  said ,  Super Bowl should be in Arizona every four years . The area ,  and the people here ,  were tremendous . Thank you . To make room on roster for reinstated OT Anthony Davis ,  49ers placed NT Ian Williams on ReserveNon Football Injury List . Former Ravens' running back Justin Forsett is scheduled to visit the RB needy Lions on Monday ,  per source . Jets make a trade  not for Brandon Marshall . Jets trade for QB Kevin O'Connell ,  whom Detroit claimed on waivers from New England . Hard to believe ,  but Rex Ryan is first Bills' head coach in franchise history to win his first opening day or kickoff weekend game . An epic   and I mean ,  epic   rant from Mike Francesa on the Giants and Eli Manning ...  Now both young TEs locked up long term Patriots reached agreement with TE Aaron Hernandez on long term contract extension ,  per NFL source . Russell Wilsons concussion test about to come under scrutiny ...  Free agent WR Plaxico Burress is flying today to New England to work out for the Patriots ,  the team he helped beat in SBXLII . More on ESPN . Jason Wied ,  the Packers vice president of administrationgeneral counsel ,  has resigned from the organization . Last football free Sunday till February ... RT @SIPeterKing Reggie Wayne left practice early aggravated knee injury . Don't see it as a big story . Jim Mora Jr . is one of the candidates the Eagles will consider as their new defensive coordinator . NFL reduces Greg Hardy suspension  to 4 games . Drew Rosenhaus said he will confer with Hardy ,  NFLPA and his lawyers to discuss next move . Not bad for an undrafted free agent ...  Bills have signed RB Travaris Cadet & placed RB Taiwan Jones on IR . Denver gave Wes Welker a two year deal . Time magazines shortlist for Person of the YearColin KaepernickKim Jong UnRobert MuellerPresident TrumpXi  . Before this year ,  Cardinals DT Darnell Dockett missed all of two games in 10 seasons . Now this suspected torn ACL and MCL . ESPN's John Clayton reported Antonio Bryant's deal at four year ,  28 million ,  with incentives that could push it to 29 million . Green Bay Packers inactives tonight vs Vikings17 WR Davante Adams23 CB Damarious Randall52 LB Clay Matthews53  . And there is a deal ,  now done . RT @GregBensel Saints agree to terms on 5 year deal with first round pick CB Patrick Robinson ... he arrives in New Orleans tomorrow morning . Dallas' likely starting RB today vs . Giants is Joseph Randle . By not funding players' 401k plans ,  NFL owners have saved 10 million per team   a 320M lockout slush fund  . Saturday night . Players are out burning it up . I just finished reading Michael Lewis' Home Game . Decent book ,  but he's done better . As expected ,  Jets tendered WR Braylon Edwards with first  and third round picks . John Harbaugh calls for preseason changes after Benjamin Watson tears Achilles . Which training camp injury has hurt a team most  ?  Broncos QB Trevor Siemian is believed to have suffered a sprained AC joint ,  but he will undergo an MRI today to verify ,  per @JeffLegwold . On a day for Big Ben ,  take a listen to Terry Bradshaw ...  A new backup for Ray Rice . RT @ProFootballTalk Ricky Williams' deal with the Ravens is for two years ,  and it's worth up to 4 million . Tag Dolphins put their franchise tag on DTPaul Soliai . Filed to ESPN Thomas Jones will not be restructuring his contract with Jets  will be released this week . He'll be a free agent March 5th . A Cardinals official said Arizona WR Michael Floyd will miss 3 4 weeks after he dislocated multiple fingers during practice today . Patriots play Raiders in Mexico City next season . Considered a home game for Oakland . What Daunte Culpepper did before linking up with UFL RT @ProFootballTalk DiPiero says Randy Moss plans to finish career without an agent . A potential fix to the issues confronting college football in the wake of the Miami story   . More negativity than I expected for Thurs night draft   West Coasters miss start ,  East Coasters miss end ,  and weekend trips to NY nixed . Saints inactives Bush ,  Greer ,  Tracy Porter ,  Lance Moore ,  Garrett Hartley ,  Kyle Eckel ,  Jonathan Casillas and DeMario Pressley . Turns out Patriots trademarked phrase ,  Do Your Job a year ago . They're selling merchandise with phrase on it . They own it . Do your job . More thanks 2 @dasnogs4 @Steiny31 @DFingas @LBJAkronHammer @JohnInRumford @SactoRick3178 @Pharoah2010 @LEOVO85 @thaceltsrule @TalentedInk . Colts agreed to terms with kicker Adam Vinatieri on a contract extension . Love this deserves this RT @gregaiello Press box at Sports Authority Field at Mile High will be named Jim Saccomano Press Box this Sunday . Don't forget to pay Uncle Sam and your agents ,  young man . RT @therealKDUB20 I'm a millionaire  !  And headed to camp . Seahawks have signed former Packers safety Atari Bigby . We pitched that show   and got shot down . RT @earldean71 @AdamSchefter Thought you and were mort were heading up espn's election coverage . The new hoodie look ...  Patriots get Vince Lombardi Trophy and Thursday night 2017 regular season opener . Atlanta plays at NE in 2017 opener could well be rematch . Vikings announced they released WR Mike Wallace . Since playoffs expanded to 12 teams in 1990 ,  54% of teams to start 1 0 reached playoffs while just 25% of teams starting 0 1 made playoffs . Todd Bowles said Ryan Fitzpatrick will remain the Jets starting QB . Not hard to figure out what SF changed offensive coordinators 49ers offense is 31st in the league ,  averaging 12.7 points per game, . Dolphins have waived DE Phillip Merling ,  the team announced today . Filed to ESPN QB Michael Vick is signing with the New York Jets ,  per team and league sources . Titans HC Mike Mularkey said Marcus Mariota was playing today with an injured knee . Packers RB Ty Montgomery was a full participant in practice today . Teams aren't sure he can play any more . RT @espnnfl New York Giants sign free agent linebacker Keith Bulluck  . After Chiefs loss ,  OT @ericwinston sounds off   rightfully . For first time in his NFL career ,  Pats S Devin McCourty will be in stands today to watch his brother Jason play CB vs . Jaguars . Picture of the day ...  RT @Seahawks @EarlThomas giving out some #freesafetyadvice to his daughter after camp . Vikings former 1st round pick Shariff Floyd underwent arthroscopic knee surgery expected to sideline him five to six weeks ,  per source . Colts HC Chuck Pagano announced WR Austin Collir ruptured his patella tendon and is out for the year . Darrelle Revis wants to play ,  intends to play and ,  after hearing from some teams ,  believes he will play ...  RT @jasonvida Brady has converted on 49 straight 3rd and 14th and 1 rushes . Last stopped in Week 4 of 2005. #thankstimigotthis . Central Michigan OT Eric Fisher will make history tonight . Highest a MAC player ever has been drafted was No . 7 in 2003 ,  QB Byron Leftwich . Jets CB Darrelle Revis ,  Giants LB Devon Kennard ,  Giants TE Larry Donnell all ruled out of Sunday's game . Jets CB Marcus Williams doubtful . What Washington sent to New Orleans for OT Jammal Brown is complicated and tied to Donovan McNabb trade . Here it is  . Special Saturday edition of NFL Countdown kicks off at 11 am ET . Full details of Tim Tebow's contract ,  courtesy of @FieldYates .  Texans take Braxton Miller in round 3.OK ,  something I don't say very often . I'm out   gotta go put on VH1.Peyton Manning needs 3 TD passes to break Brett Favres record for most career regular season TD passes . Whenever ...  And now the NFL has announced that former Ravens RB Ray Rice has been suspended indefinitely . Dolphins selected Todd Bowles as their interim head coach . RT @RedskinsInsider Georgia DA We don't prosecute morals ,  we prosecute crimes.Browns expected to offer their HC job to Bills DC Mike Pettine ,  per multiple league sources ,  via @mortreport and me . Need to work out deal . Chad Ochocinco just Lambeau Leaped   into the arms of Bengals fans . Very funny . Dick Vermeil attending Jets practice tonight . And Jets have former Pro Bowl G Will Shields in for two weeks working as O line consultant . Per source Players attending today's NFL NFLPA meeting included Giants LB Mark Herzlich ,  QB Kirk Cousins ,  LB Demario Davis . Torrey Smith ,  3 year deal for 15mil with the Eagles ,  per source . No surprise Dolphins HC Joe Philbin announced that first round puck Ryan Tannehill will be Miami's starting QB . Fair point ,  too . RT @jwil565 McNabb is also tied for last with active QB's in winning what matters  Super Bowls  with 0.Rams signed LB James Laurinaitis to a five year ,  41.5 million extension that runs through 2017 and includes 23.5 mil gtd . RT @BIGGMIKE0607 Mendenhall rumor false  ?  Broken forearm  ?   ...   His arm is as broken as Revis' deal is signed . Mendenhall playing Sunday night . Mike Lupica on Joe Paterno .  Redskins have hired Jay Gruden as their HC . Done deal . Bud Adams knows what he's doing . Bengals cleared CB Adam Pacman Jones to return to practice on a roster exemption . Saints have announced that they have signed Payton to a five year contract extension that will run through the 2017 season . RT @RossWheatley Adam ,  want YOUR opinion on Meyer and Denver .  ...  Asked the question to someone who would know . Was told ,  No way.Countdown is on in Cleveland . Three hours till Strasburg's next start there ,  and 18 days till July 1 ,  when LeBron can become a free agent . Monday Night Football is moving to a two man booth with Mike Tirico and Jon Gruden . Thoughts  ?  RT @TonyGrossi Pat Shurmur RB Trent Richardson has a right ribcartilage injury ,  day to day . MRI revealed no tears in Ryan Tannehill's knee ,  per @JeffDarlington . Doctors must now discuss options with team in how to handle injury . RT @GJGlasson Here is another version of the NY Times' article about Ray Gricar  . Dez Bryant now on his way to Cowboys' facility   assuming the two sides can put finishing touches on deal . Drumroll ,  please ...  Take some time to watch Tom Rinaldis story on Carson Wentz and The Dutch Destroyer ...  Vikings officially placed OT Phil Loadholt on injured reserve and signed OT Stephen Goodin to take his roster spot . Eight teams have five prime time games Broncos ,  Steelers ,  Chargers ,  Bears ,  Packers ,  Giants ,  Eagles ,  49ers . Titans defensive coordinator Jerry Gray is scheduled to interview for the Buccaneers head coaching job Thursday in Houston . Bears gave TE Martellus Bennett a four year ,  20 million deal . With Hue Jackson off to Oakland ,  Ravens now will interview Al Saunders from their own staff and former Redskins HC Jim Zorn . Check out this fake @espnnfl Richard Sherman 30 for 30  10 out of 11 are spot on impressions. In a first person account ,  Raiders' S Charles Woodson details his mindset as he prepares for his final NFL game.What could have been ...  Now here's a welcome thought once Favre popped up . RT @BookStoreDude Hey ,  stick to basketball  !  Say this for Sunday's Pro Bowl the sounds of the game will be unique . Certain players will be miked during ESPN's broadcast of the game . No . 3   biggest suporter as I've taken more and more time away from the office to see if this would all settle out . Vikings HC Brad Childress said he's expecting to be booed at home on Sunday  ya think ?  P . Manning broke Brett Favres record in 246 games ,  56 fewer games than Favre played needed 1,514 fewer passes than Favre to reach 508 TDs . Cardinals RB Beanie Wells thinks he will play ,  but he first wants to test his hamstring in pregame warmups . An interesting fantasy idea that might be the next big thing   . Dolphins announced they have terminated the contract of Defensive Coordinator Paul Pasqualoni . A big welcome home to @DrewOleary ,  who recently returned from his Marine training . At private workout today  at UMich ,  former Mich QB Jim Harbaugh took snaps from Mich OL Patrick Omameh . Browns RB Peyton Hillis has scored a touchdown in every game this season except at Pittsburgh on 1017. He has 13 total touchdowns in all . Colts RB Trent Richardson is inactive . More proof of comeback RT @MUBraxton looks like Brett Favre is coming back because his Southern Miss baseball team made the CWS tournament . In one week ,  major losses Seve Ballesteros ,  Michael Baze ,  Robert Traylor ,  Ron Springs ,  Aaron Douglas ,  Derek Boogaard . Gone too soon . RIP . The ties I told you about . And they're silky soft .  I gotta get in habit of using Twitpic . RT @G305H3154B All the foot mentions a subtle dig at NYJ HC Rex Ryan  ?   ...  You readhear the comments and you be the judge . Attn worried NFL fans . RT @BobLeyESPN OTL9a ET  NFL's Looming Labor Lockout a convo w Roger Goodell & issues on how to split 8 billion . RT @janesports NFL informed Rice that it increased suspension bc video showed starkly different sequence of events than Rice's version . Mel Kiper Jr . said if Jameis Winston were in this year's draft he would be the No . 1 overall pick by a mile.Hard not to say the name of Eagles OT Winston Justice without thinking of Osi Umenyiora . To bring their roster to 53 players ,  Patriots re signed RBKR Leon Washington ,  per NFL source . More details RT @espnnfl The NFL is cancelling next month's rookie symposium in Canton ,  Ohio  ...  Chargers WR Dontrelle Inman underwent core muscle surgery with Dr . William Meyers in Philadelphia and will be out six weeks ,  per source . RT @MikeGarafolo John Mara says Victor Cruz will be tendered today at the first round level . Good for Steelers Tennessee is second team in NFL history to allow at least 30 points in its first five games ,  joining the 1954 Cardinals . Joe Mixon just ran unofficial 4.43 40 at his pro day ... We saw a play before halftime Sunday night in Giants Eagles game in college ,  play is reviewable ,  as we saw in Big 12 Championship game . Redskins signed quarterback Richard Bartel to their 53 man roster from Jacksonvilles practice squad . Jaguars fired HC Gus Bradley ,  per source . Hard Knocks Spoiler Alert Texans' cut list ...  Chiefs and Patriots kick off regular season in 13 days ,  KC presumably minus RB Spencer Ware ,  NE presumably minus WR Julian Edelman . The man at the heart of all this news is remembered today . Odin Lloyd's memorial service is today . Washington QB Kirk Cousins on @NFLLiveesp today about the prospects of a trade before the draft I'm not expecting anything to happen.No surprise ,  but Panthers LB Luke Kuechly will not play today vs . Saints due to his concussion . How many are still up on West Coast as my day is kicking off here on East Coast  ?  Numbers probably off the charts ... SF DE Justin Smith will not play tonight vs . Seattle due to elbow injury ,  49ers hoping he will be recovered enough to return for postseason . For todays game against Washington ,  49ers captains include three former Redskins Pierre Garon ,  Logan Paulsen ,  Aldrick Robinson . Anyone else feel this way  ?  The meaning of the preseason ...  RT @SIPeterKing Indy's lost more games in preseason  18  that reg season  15  over last six years . Johnny Manziel interested in being college coach if NFL door shut ...  Washington now has one former franchise tag player locked up to long term deal . Now ,  focus goes back to other ...  Here are teams that Steelers have called about Roethlisberger Rams ,  49ers ,  Raiders ,  Bills , Jaguars ,  Seahawks and Browns . Bears terminated the contracts of vested veterans DT Tommie Harris ,  LB Hunter Hillenmeyer and T Kevin Shaffer . An underrated candidate for the Pro Bowl Dolphins FB Lousaka Polite ,  whom Tony Sparano says is the key to Miami's running game . No coach to block Jacoby Jones this time ... Dez caught it . Chargers WR Mike Williams ,  listed as questionable for Sunday vs . Washington due to knee injury ,  will play ,  per source . RT @adair07 what is the trade value of Tony Sheffler  ?   ...  5th round picks popular these days Denver wants a 3rd . Guess is a 4th   a value . Antrel Rolle also now the highest paid safety in NFL history . Cleveland's second round pick Montario Hardesty will miss what Browns say is a coupleweeks after twisting a knee during pre camp drill . UCLA WR Jordan Payton just became the school's all time leading receiver with 194 catches . Next level watching and waiting . Cameron Wake was going into final season under contract at 7 million . Dolphins rewarded him ,  while trying to look forward.Quite a career . Not to bum out NFL players ,  but the passing of July 4 means only one thing training camp is right around the corner . And with Ravens G Ben Grubbs visiting New Orleans ,  Eagles free agent G @EvanMathis69 is now scheduled to visit Baltimore . You never wish misfortue on anyone ,  but usually in life ,  you get what you deserve . RT @RossTuckerNFL Remember when Trent Edwards & Marshawn Lynch were going to lead Bills to new era of success  ?  Feel bad for Bills fans . A touching and sobering story about former PatriotsEagles FB Kevin Turner ,  who provides some proper perspective . Steelers now have signed running back Ben Tate to the 53 man roster ,  the team announced today . RT @NateBoat apparently Eagles MLB Stuart Bradley tore his ACL in practice . Ouch . And here was the lowdown before it went down ...  RT @Edwerderespn Lions expecting to sign ex Broncos PK Matt Prater over Jay Feely . MRI on Rob Gronkowski confirmed torn ACL ,  torn MCL . Season done . How the @UnitedWay is helping the families of Newtown  CT  victims ,  and what you can do to help ...  Cleveland Browns wide receiverkick returner Joshua Cribbs and offensive lineman Joe Thomas have been named to the 2010 AFC Pro Bowl squad . Up at 4 am ,  check the blackberry ,  and no news is hopeful news . Everyone pulling for Chris Henry so his kids can still have their dad . Unlike other suspended players ,  Josh Gordon will be allowed to remain with Browns during his four game suspension ,  per agent Drew Rosenhaus . RT @JRAPTHEKON are the rumors of rams offering #1 pick and next yr 1st for roethlisberger true  ?   ...  Better chance of Rams picking me No . 1.Some new additions to Twitter ESPN NFL scout @WilliamsonNFL ,  former Washington Post great @badgerlen and the inimitable @CollinsworthNBC . TJ Lang initially visiting Detroit and Seattle . GB still in the mix ,  per sources . Before newly agreed to deal ,  Ravens HC John Harbaugh had two more years remaining . Now has multiple years left . Cam Newton is lighting up the Packers . GB at STL ,  4 pmBalt at Dal ,  7 pmNYG at Ind ,  7 pmNYJ at Cinc ,  7 pmBuff at Pitt ,  730 pmMia at TB ,  730Atl at Hou ,  8Ariz at Minn ,  830 . Detroit plans to place veteran kicker Jason Hanson on injured reserve today ,  meaning the kicking job will belong to Dave Rayner . Well ,  the officials decided a game . Joe Theismann says Tom Brady innocent in Deflategate ...  RT @ProStarSports @AdamSchefter Brian Moorman there  honoring Bills history too . Good morning from this morning's drive to ESPN ...  Superb pick ,  Peter RT @SIPeterKing Hearty congrats to @drewbrees on award richly deserved ,  SI Sportsman of the Year  . Lions ruled out TE Eric Ebron  ankleknee  ,  LB DeAndre Levy  kneequad  ,  DT Haloti Ngata  shoulder  ,  RB Theo Riddick  ankle .Rams DE Robert Quinn signed 4 year ,  66.575M extension that includes 41.2M gtd tying him to team through 2019 ,  agent Tony Fleming confirmed . Jets signed Mike Goodson to a three year ,  6.9 million deal . Which teams are most positively impacted by this lockout  ?  Please vote . Increasing chatter of SF coming up into top 15. 49ers looking to strengthen an already tough defense . RT @lagisp Who do you see being the Jags number one target in FA  ?   ...  Jags will go hard at the WR market ,  and there are plenty . Gameday between Michigan and Michigan State . Some houses are driven to be truly divided . @JohnDeere #JDHouseDivided  . A trade for Cards WR Larry Fitzgerald will be in play this off season ,  in likely event a deal not completed before Tuesdays trade deadline . Donovan McNabb trade to Minnesota now official . Done . Will be announced Thursday . And 49ers have reached agreement with former Chiefs DT Glenn Dorsey . Jets have released LB Bryan Thomas and have signed CB Donnie Fletcher from the practice squad . NFL continuing Thursday night partnership with CBS while adding NBC ,  too ...  As @danpompei reported ,  Mike Martz resigns from Bears over philosophical differences . His contract was up and this was expected . Play in the equivalent of the NBA's Eastern Conference . Steve Young on ESPNs NFL Live just no Im super worried about Andrew Luck and his future.Seahawks traded WR Percy Harvin to Jets ,  as @JayGlazer reported . Seattle felt Harvin was not a fit there . 49ers had RB LeGarrette Blount on phone in sixth round   looked like he would go then . Instead he'll go to 49ers as an undrafted FA . RT @dabeautifulmind Best front three in league is Ware ,  Ratliff ,  and Spears of The Cowboys  !  &lt Ware lines up at OLB ,  Igor Olshansky at end . Cards expect WR John Brown  hamstring Q  to play vs . Cincy not as optimistic about WR Michael Floyd  hammy Q  ,  who at best will be limited . RT @fboutsiders @AdamSchefter By our measure ,  20% or so of year to year change in wins is explained by injuries alone . RT @Pnizzy Compensatory picks can't be traded right  ?  Could a team package them to move up  ?   ...  Compensatory picks can't be traded ,  correct . Tests confirmed that Browns iron man LT Joe Thomas tore his triceps and he is discussing his options for whats next ,  per source . Doug Williams is now Washington's Senior VP of Player Personnel . Patriots safety Steve Gregory broke his thumb and is expected to be sidelined a few weeks ,  per league sources . Emotional roller coaster Peyton Manning will go from saying goodbye to the city he loves to being wooed in other cities ,  all in one day . Bills RB CJ Spiller took a spike on his knee . He has a cut . Nothing major . He's good to go . No MJD Friday night vs . Dolphins . Washington TE Jordan Reed and RB Rob Kelley officially inactive . For as much as some are questioning them ,  Browns in a great spot last to hire ,  can wait for coaches or hire anyone else . Good position . Seattle and Pittsburgh were supposed to be two of the hottest teams in the league ,  the teams no one wanted to face ... that  ?  RT @markuspaulus Do you think David Akers will be back next year  ?   ...  The best kicker in the league  ?  Yes . When a deal gets done ,  the guaranteed money in Sam Bradford's contract will be between 45 and 50 million . Good work if you can get it . Packers said WR Greg Jennings has a knee sprain . The question now is ,  How bad  ?  And here are the numbers Dallas is giving QB Tony Romo a six year extension worth 108 million ,  per sources . NFL has fined Titans defensive coordinator Chuck Cecil 40K for his obscene gesture Sunday . Rams withdrew their commitment to play regular season games in London during the 2013 and 2014 seasons . From earlier this am RT @ProFootballTalk Add Eric DeCosta to list of executives not interested in the Jets' G.M . job  . Three franchise players   K . Cousins ,  L . Bell ,  Trumaine Johnson   have until July 17 to work out long term deals  . Bears QB Caleb Hanie threw 20 passes in Sunday's NFC Championship game ,  six more than he attempted in his first three NFL seasons . Herm Edwards predicted on ESPN2's NFL32 that Chad Henne will be the Jaguars opening day starting quarterback . RT @LeCharlesBent65 Just passed over the JFK assassination spot . There's a big red X at the exact location . A wow moment . Colts QB Andrew Luck underwent an MRI on his right shoulder this week that revealed a bruise ,  per league sources . Questionable today ,  but ... Doctors are now estimating Steelers QB Dennis Dixon's recovery from knee surgery today at closer to six weeks . Wow   Saints re signed running back Deuce McAllister and placed defensive tackle Rodney Leisle on injured reserve with a knee injury . Still one week until Super Bowl ,  but  ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown airs from 10 to noon ET today . Oh ,  and Roger Clemens not guilty on all six counts . Carry on ... Pro Bowl guard Marshall Yanda's new deal with Ravens averages 7.1 million per year . Chargers placed their 3rd center of the year ,  Rich Ohrnberger ,  on season ending IR . Ohrnberger joins C's Nick Hardwick and Doug Legursky . RT @PhinNation How long until someone suggests Brett Favre as a QB option for Texans  ?   ...  An ESPN producer asked yesterday . Not happening . To the most oft asked question these days   where does T.O . land  ?    we know it won't be the Patriots or Chargers . Mystery continues . Packers RB James Starks  knee  downgraded to out for Sunday's game against the Cowboys . Another Thursday night blowout . Five weeks ,  five no contests . Wonder how many Thursdays it'll take for a contested game . Raiders gave their CB ,  Stanford Routt ,  a 3 year ,  31.5 million deal . #Sowhat'sNnamdiworth  ?  And @drewbrees has announced the birth of son Callen . Brees family now needs only 11 more children for its own 7 on 7 drill . The first Sunday of the NFL season kicks off 4 weeks from today . Which of these games intrigues you most  ?  Dolphins have terminated the contract of LB Bobby Carpenter . One more strike against Miami's pursuit of Peyton Manning Mario Williams now plays in Buffalo ,  where his job is to make QBs miserable . In addition to have torn meniscus ,  Adrian Peterson also has a torn lateral collateral ligament ,  team source tells @JeffDarlington and me . Jets and head coach Rex Ryan have reached agreement on a multi year extension ,  according to team and league sources . MUST SEE TV RT @ESPNEWS 2010 NBA free agency More on LeBron's planned announcement   ESPN  . And so at No . 3 ,  the San Diego Chargers will have their pick of the first non QB in 2016 NFL draft . MRI did not show ligament damage to LeVeon Bells knee ,  per source . Will be difficult to play Saturday ,  but will depend on how Bell feels . Not happening RT @jamestheaussie Adam ,  we're hearing on radio in NC that Panthers and Dolphins are working on deal to trade WR Steve Smith . Seahawks' RB Marshawn Lynch needs a couple weeks to see how he does and to see if he can recover from ab injury ,  per source . For now . Only our boss ,  @Tunasweasel ,  could get lost going to Ray Lewis' house and wind up at Cal Ripken's house . #unwelcome . Last line of last note should be noted ...  Congratulations to the Lions ,  who snapped their 26 game road losing streak with a 3rd string QB . Lions have been a real tough out all year . Bears officially placed QB Jay Cutler on reserveinjured . Worth it   stud . RT @Doos4911 Curious what you think of Crabtree so far . To me he looks different than other Wrs . Maybe worth the wait  ?  Browns placed LB D'Qwell Jackson on the season ending injured reserve list . Filed to ESPN Rams reached agreement with former Giants DT Fred Robbins on a three year deal worth up to 12 million . The Lions just clinched the first pick in the draft . Just wondering if anyone has seen any Celtics wearing any bloody socks ... NCAA Division III Championship decided tonight when Mount Union  OH  plays Wisconsin Whitewater in Stagg Bowl at Salem ,  VA  7 ET on ESPN2 .Former Browns DL Shaun Rogers is visiting the Redskins today . Rogers already has been contacted by multiple teams . #nicetobewanted . Jacoby Brissett  to start ,  league source tells ESPN . RT @RossTuckerNFL Today's Podcast Insight & new info from @AdamSchefter on Cassel appendectomy & McDaniels firing  . Good work if you can get it . RT @espnnfl Ochocinco rides bull for 1.5 seconds ,  gets 10K  . Another addition for Bengals secondary . Officially . RT @SportsCenter Pacman Jones signs 2 year deal with #Bengals  . Parts of Tom Benson Hall of Fame Stadium in Canton ,  Ohio are as hard as concrete in opinion of multiple players . Unsafe ,  they say . Packers CB Charles Woodson wins Defensive Player of the Year with 28 votes ,  Jets CB Darrelle Revis finishes second with 14.RT @OGOchoCinco RT @paulscheer Madden 11 is so realistic they even have a mode where the players can star in their own reality TV shows . Not happening . RT @CarlosHerrera @AdamSchefter peppers to Denver  ?  Maybe  ... please . Most impressive performance of the night Al Michaels ,  who knows the rules as well as NFL officials . Michaels makes the call before refs do . As @mortreport reports ,  Marty Schottenheimer will interview for the Buccaneers head coaching job Tuesday . Detroit Lions are expected to hire Patriots director of pro scouting Bob Quinn as their general manager ,  league sources told ESPN . Cardinals reached agreement with former Panthers CB Richard Marshall on a one year contract . Jay Cutler auditioned for analyst role as possible Fox replacement for John Lynch  . And so Rex Ryan does not get to coach his final game Sunday in Metlife stadium against the Jets . Colts OC Bruce Arians is having dinner in Arizona tonight with Cardinals officials and will continue interviewing with them Thursday . Cardinals and Jonathan Cooper reached agreement on a 4 year ,  14.55 million fully guaranteed deal with offset language . More sadness Patricia Breslin Modell ,  wife of former Ravens and Browns owner Art Modell ,  passed away at 130 p.m . today at the age of 80.De's commencement day address RT @espnnfl De Smith's message to grads NFLPA won't 'shut up and play'  . Eli Manning became fifth QB with at least 2 Super Bowl MVPs ,  joining Joe Montana  3  ,  Bart Starr  2  ,  Terry Bradshaw  2  and Tom Brady  2 .Mike Shanahan will not resign from his job and would like to return to Washington next season as long as he can run team the way he wants . Whenever he comes out ,  Florida St . QB Jameis Winston will be No . 1 overall pick . Scout described him as cross bw Roethlisberger and McNair . You know the deal ,  @PTI . Equal time ,  equal time ...  For all Saints fans RT @DrewLitton Who Dat  ?  Saints Baybee  !  There's a brand new Super Saints cartoon  . Redskins announced that they have signed free agent long snapper Justin Snow . Scouts have compared Melvin Gordon to Jamaal Charles . Now both play in AFC West with SD and KC . Steelers are signing DE Stephon Tuitt to a five year extension ,  per source . Packers and Jordy Nelson reached agreement on a a four year ,  39 million that includes 11.5 million signing bonus ,  as @RapSheet reported . Dolphins gave Cameron Wake a 2 year ,  19 million extension that includes 11 million guaranteed ,  per source . Bills HC Chan Gailey on if he thinks it's strange that he has not yet met RB Marshawn Lynch I would think that is strange ,  yes. Me too . Cardinals defensive coordinator Bill Davis has been relieved of his duties . Tampa Bay is signing former Cowboys DT Henry Melton to a one year deal . Dallas WR Dez Bryant This was very important to me to be able to get this done in time for the first practice. First practice Saturday . First to report Phil Taylor injury was @JohnTelich8 ,  before Browns announced it . Now Browns wait to see how serious injury is . Colts reach agreement with OT Adam Terry on a one year deal . Bucs worked out former Colts TE Dallas Clark last week ,  are expected to try to make a move on him this week . Jaguars have hired Perry Fewell as  team's Secondary Coach . This would get my vote ,  too . RT @NolanRyan21 Greatest rookie season Randy Moss ,  69 rec ,  1300 yds and 17 tds . Lions released ,  amongst others ,  P Nick Harris ,  RB Ian Johnson ,  DT Quinn Pitcock ,  QB Zac Robinson ,  DB Nathan Vasher ,  WR Derrick Williams . RT @culverfan Science Fair  ?  Science fair  ?  You kidding me  !  Don't talk to me about the science fair . #SOTU #jimmoraplayoffvoice . Congratulations and good luck to the Raiders new DB coach ,  Rod Woodson . Great player ,  better man . Oakland is the team to watch on Randy Moss . if he clears there ,  watch out Miami . And if he clears there ,  he's home to Tennessee . From a franchise filled with great football players ,  Troy Polamalu goes down as one of the greatest of all . A sincere thank you to Twitterverse for all your comments ,  support and interaction . Great experience being involved with everyone since June . Trevor Siemian officially named Broncos starting quarterback ...  Unable to confirm this . RT @JGoldsteinNYC Any truth to the rumor that the Begals are bringing in Nate Newton for a try out  ?  Patriots are giving LB Dont'a Hightower a 4 year ,  43.5M deal that includes 19M guaranteed ,  per @sportstrust . With Teddy Bridgewater nursing ankle injury and Vikings needing another QB for practice ,  team is signing Chandler Harnish to practice squad . Big purchase in Schefter household today a playpen . Now can lay in bed ,  and actually read ,  without having baby crawling all over me . Whew . Steelers RB Le'Veon Bell to miss preseason game vs KC with mid foot sprain that sounds problematic . Raiders now have WR shortage for Sundays game against Giants Michael Crabtree suspended two games and Amari Coope  . A big salute to San Francisco ,  Santa Clara and everyone in the Bay Area that did such a great job with Super Bowl 50. Well done . Thank you . And @mortreport reports the Browns plan to have a second HC interview with Bills DC Mike Pettine . Bucs HC Greg Sciano on RB Doug Martin Doug is going to be fine . He got hit in the head ,  but he cleared really quickly.Bay Area backs update 49ers RB Frank Gore expected to play today ,  Raiders RB Darren McFadden already ruled out . Bears announced they have signed first round pick ,  DE Shea McClellin ,  to a four year contract with a fifth year option . Tackle off the board . Now it's official . RT @TomSilverstein Packers declare QB Aaron Rodgers out for Sunday's NE game . Backup Matt Flynn will start . Rams have had internal discussions about bringing Peyton Manning to LA should he want to play another season . Odell Beckham Jr . has been suspended for one game . Titans vs . Cowboys   First NFL game tonight at Cowboys new eighth wonder of the world stadium . It's going to be the Taj Mahal of football . Jets noticed Mark Sanchez's poor body language last week even had Tony Richardson ,  Alan Faneca and coaches talk to him about it . Saints gave a game ball to their linebackers coach ,  Adam Zimmer ,  son of Mike Zimmer ,  in yet another touching postgame moment . Mort and I are about to come on ESPN and recap some of the day's news   McNabb's status ,  Anthony Gonzalez injury ,  Jake Delhomme . Falcons Rich McKay New stadium will be ready to go Aug . 26 ...  Colts officially released wide receiver Andre Johnson . One WR off market Dolphins signed WR Brian Hartline to a 5 year deal worth 30.775 million ,  including 12.5 million in guaranteed money . Chargers RB Ryan Mathews inactive ,  offiically . Rams signed former Panthers and Packers outside linebacker Nail Diggs . 49ers LB NaVorro Bowman is expected to be ready for the start of the 2014 season ,  per source . Bowman will undergo surgery on his torn ACL . Thought it was enough to ride the bus ,  but then Peyton Manning and Dallas Clark threw me under the bus ,  too . How much can one man take  ?  Pats will take Devin McCourty #nfldraft . Eagles' owner Jeff Lurie sends message to Washington . Eagles and Fletcher Cox agree to 6 year ,  103M extension that includes 63M gtd ,  per sources . Highest guarantee for a non QB in NFL history . Free agent RB Quinton Ganther plans to sign today with the Buffalo Bills . Browns disputed proposed AJ McCarron trade to NFL ,  arguing it should be allowed ,  per source . NFL declined   no trade ,  officially ,  per source . Bengals placed CB Leon Hall on injured reserve and signed CB Brandon Ghee off their practice squad . Well ,  @RossTuckerNFL ,  remember one Steeler telling me Sanders was more talented than Mike Wallace and Antonio Brown . Needed to stay healthy . The late great Raiders' QB Ken Stabler also was suffering from the degenerative brain disease CTE ,  per @nytimes and @OTLonESPN . Colts signing Kerry Collins is ultimate proof that Peyton Manning's status for opener at Houston ,  and beyond ,  is in question . Falcons WR Julio Jones ,  listed as questionable due to hamstring ,  is expected to play but his hamstring issues are a concern to Falcons .  . Not 27's finest night RT @NotoriousOHM Brandon Jacobs loses helmet ,  apologizes ,  then loses cool with reporters    . And now ,  Green Bay has all but wrapped up homefield advantage through playoffs . SF ,  and all other NFC foes ,  will have to do it at Lambeau . Eddie Lacy is signing with the Seahawks . Brandon Marshall and NY Giants reach agreement on a two year deal ,  per source . Marshall doesnt have to move ,  now plays with Eli and OBJ . How the CFL could claim former Browns QB Johnny Manziel . The hit on Woodhead . Thoughts  ?  RT @PocketsDeep Reppin' D2 ,  Danny Woodhead ...  Gotta keep your head on a swivel  . ESPN's @BobHoltzmanESPN reports Bears have spoken with Titans about No . 2 overall pick ,  but Tenn not interested in Jay Cutler . Cowboys' owner Jerry Jones is said to be furious with NFL decision ,  per one source . Furious . Chiefs deactivated RB Jamaal Charles ,  and he wasn't listed on injury report . That can't be a good sign . If Sam Bradford plays half Eagles' off plays this season ,  STL does not have to trade its 2016 4th round pick to Philly . 7th start tonight . appreciated . And one more ... RT @shawnkeefe please don't forget Marquise Hill ... Broncos WR Demaryius Thomas ,  who suffered hip injury Thursday ,  underwent MRI Friday that now will be sent out for 2nd opinion ,  per sources . Schedule quirk Four of the Falcons next six games   Chicago ,  Dallas ,  Washington ,  NY Giants   come against teams coming off bye week . RT @SunnyDiesel I hope your bus drivergets paid overtime  ...  Sure does . Worth every penny . He's the backbone of this trip   and he's fried . Seahawks S Earl Thomas undergoing surgery for fully torn labrum he played with in SB and NFC Champ game ,  per source . Will be 100% by camp . Colts released OT Adam Terry ,  though they would like to bring him back after week 1 when his contract wouldn't be guaranteed . More on arrests of Steelers RBs LeVeon Bell and LeGarrette Blount Bell and Blount will be charged with ...  Just got drenched   not the jacuzzi . Rain at Eagles practice . already called . done . RT @realpatriots Patriots have now eclipsed 600 yards of total offense ,  the most in franchise history . Bill Belichick on Aaron Rodgers and Tom Brady squaring off for the first time It is what it is . Whatever hasn't happened hasn't happened.Colts got another needed arm for camp . Colts reached agreement with quarterback Nate Davis on a two year contract . Michael Crabtree now has missed 43 practices ... and counting . Raiders fired Hue Jackson . More on ESPN . Jaguars RB Leonard Fournette ,  questionable for today with an ankle injury ,  is active vs Browns ,  per @mortreport . Former Rams and Falcons CB Tye Hill agreed to terms on a 1 year deal with the Tennessee Titans . Raiders signed former Vikings' WR Cordarrelle Patterson . Titans select Clemson DE Kevin Dodd . Jon Robinsons 1st two selections as GM in trenches ,  Conklin & Dodd . Two more 2nd Rd picks for TEN . You would not believe the info DeAndre gave her ...  RT @JustinPrawat do you think the chiefs would consider trading Dwayne Bowe  ?   ...  Should . But for now doesn't sound like they will . RT @steelblood1414 any chance steelers sign Wallace long term  ?   ...  Trying but not easy . Rich deals given to Megatron and @LarryFitzgerald . I love this . RT @mortreport I am re naming @SIPeterKing Tweeter King.Lions released former Bills veteran S Ko Simpson . A deal between free agent tight end Dallas Clark and the Buccaneers is expected in the next 24 hours ,  according to a league source . Wishing you and your family a happy and healthy Thanksgiving . We all have a lot to be thankful for . God Bless  !  Chiefs' RB Jamaal Charles says he sometimes feels like The LeBron  James  of football. ...  Brady hurt his right shoulder   minutes after I tweeted about him . Seriously ,  I gotta stop . Phil Simms saying Brady OK ,  but it looked ugly . Buffalo benching Tyrod Taylor is sign of uncertainty with him . Can't risk injury when he is due a 15.5M bonus and 30.75M gtd if hurt . 49ers' GM Trent Baalke told @BobHoltzmanESPN that it's possible Colin Kaepernick could be traded this week . RT @teacherscribe Any chance Seahawks offer Mike Brown an offer he can't refuse for Carson Palmer  ?   ...  Bengals not interested in talking . Asked at CBS event promoting Super Bowl XLVIII whether he plans to coach again at some time ,  Bill Cowher told Newsday's @sportswatch ,  yes.RT @taniaganguli I can say with 100% certainty that Gabbert and Garrard are in a competition to be Jaguars starting QB . No gimmies there . ESPN's @johnkeim reports Redskins will start QB Kirk Cousins . Rams HC Sean McVay said WR Robert Woods will be out a couple of weeks with a shoulder injury ,  calling it a significant loss.We now know where one TO show will be   but not the other RT @terrellowens The #TOShow will b airing n mid late June . Sundays @ 10p on VH1.Tyler Eifert leads NFL in receiving TDs with 9 ,  all coming in red zone . Eiferts 9 red zone TDs are most through 8 games in past 15 seasons . Neither Colts' QB ,  Andrew Luck and Matthew Hasselbeck ,  threw passes in practice this week . Not ideal situation for Thursday ,  or any ,  night . RT @StevePeresman RT @noahpransky Dewey Selmon ,  brother of Lee Roy Selmon ,  says brother is NOT dead serious condition & making progress . Jets placed QB Bryce Petty on injured reserve . Nice send off RT @MiamiHEAT Thanks for the memories  . Packers announced they signed RB Ryan Grant and placed RB Johnny White  concussion  on injured reserve . One of the many inspirational banners hanging in the Browns training facility  . There's a reason Saints RB Pierre Thomas will miss his seventh straight game today He has had a torn tendon in his ankle . Vikings reached agreement with running back Toby Gerhart on a four year ,  3.767 million contract . Here's how badly Carson Palmer wanted out of Cincy he took a flat 5 million pay cut this season to play in Oakland . Ten year old Patriots fan's special bond with Tom Brady . Washington WR Jamison Crowder ,  listed as questionable with a hamstring injury ,  is expected to play Sunday against the Broncos ,  per source . Dallas Cowboys are releasing QB Kyle Orton ,  per source . Mel Kiper and Todd McShay will participate in a Mock Top 10 this afternoon . A sneak peak at the world champion N.Y . Giants Super Bowl ring that will be unveiled in mid May . He's waiting for a call like a lot of other unemployed people RT @noahdoj @AdamSchefter whats goin on with matt jones  ?  As one person familiar with Drew Stanton's MRI today said ,  Huge relief.Eagles announce they released CB Cary Williams . Why Drew Brees threw two pick sixes to Bowens . RT @therealtdiddy He couldn't wait to play catch with son so did it with his namesake . Packers ruled out CB Sam Shields  concussion  for Sunday's game against Arizona and also downgraded OT David Bakhtiari  ankle  to doubtful . Update Cardinals hired Frank Reich ,  Peyton Manning's former QB coach ,  as their wide receivers coach . Chargers QB Philip Rivers ,  questionable for Sundays game vs . Buffalo due to a concussion ,  will start ,  per a source  . RT @FOBBarnwell Apparently Rex saw Hot Tub Time Machine. RT @AdamSchefter Rex Ryan told Taylor he'll have 15 sacks for NY . Falcons placed long snapper Mike Schneck on injured reserve and signed free agent long snapper Bryan Pittman . Doctors told Falcons QB Matt Ryan he is expected to miss multiple games with his turf toe injury ,  but Ryan determined to return sooner . Four teams   SF ,  PHIL ,  DET ,  TB   in play on Dashon Goldson   but DET ,  TB considered favorites . TB also in on CBs Sean Smith ,  B . Grimes ,  DRC . RT @GregABedard Wow . Al Davis is wintering in Jacksonville  !  Now it's official . RT @Saints Saints Announce that Assistant HCLB Coach Joe Vitt to Assume Sean Payton Duties  . Early speculative candidates that conceivably could take a flyer on Tiki John Fox in Denver ,  Sean Payton in NO ,  Raheem Morris in Tampa Bay . RT @MattleyCrue @AdamSchefter Is Jamal Lewis done for good  ?   ...  If he's a man of his word   and I think he is   he'll never play again . A superb profile of Jerry Jones from @DVNJr ... Looks like we won't be only ones on buses ,  @mortreport RT @espnnfl Goodell ,  Madden to tour camps on Madden Cruiser  . Teams that hired a new head coach for this season   CLEV ,  DET ,  HOU ,  MINN ,  TB ,  TEN ,  WASH   may begin offseason workout programs today . Sounds like season over for Giants CB Prince Amukamara . Seattle will take Earl Thomas #nfldraft . NFL ,  Week 1 ...  Circle of QBs Raiders wanted Donovan McNabb ,  who went to Washington ,  which freed Redskins to deal Jason Campbell to Oakland . #nfldraft . Laurent Robinson is going to visit Jacksonville tonight . Why Charlie Whitehurst might have cost the Seahawks their chance at Jimmy Clausen  . It's not a question of if Giants DE Osi Umenyiora will sign with the Atlanta Falcons . It's when . Two sides trying to do an inevitable deal . To all those who do the greatest ,  toughest ,  most valuable and important job there isHappy Mother's Day  !  A contract extension does not give Jeff Fisher any more job security . Rams must win and play well down stretch or his job will be in danger . RT @chadfordinsider Bulls agree to 5 yr ,  80 mil deal with Carlos Boozer . Bulls still have enough cap space to sign a max player . Brandon Marshall signed with Broncos  not that Brandon Marshall the LB Brandon Marshall whom Jags released .Chiefs' RB Jamaal Charles ,  listed as doubtful for today's game vs Chargers due to a knee injury ,  is not playing today ,  per source . No Tom Brady nor Rob Gronkowski at Patriots' practice today ,  for what that's worth . Non Deflate Gate Patriots' news former New England and Buffalo LB Brandon Spikes is in Foxboro today for visit with Patriots ,  per source . Ravens LB Sergio Kindle will sign a one year contract tomorrow . He has to be highest pick ever to sign only a one year deal . Stat of day Colts rookie TE Dwayne Allen   an impressive young man   is the uncle of 22 nephews and nieces . Twenty two  !  Ravens LB Sergio Kindle ,  who remains hopsitalized w head injury ,  will not be allowed to travel to Baltimore for at least three weeks . Extensions for every special teamer Eagles signed P Donnie Jones to three year contract extension through 2019.Packers officially have placed WR Jordy Nelson on injured reserve . Pro Bowl is returning to Orlando next year . This is a day ...  Free #HeadsUpFB app from @usafootball now available . A must have for youth football coaches & parents  . Baltimore and Pro Bowl K Billy Cundiff reached agreement on a five year ,  15 million contract that's expected to be signed this week . Pittsburgh having its typically strong draft ,  using its 4th rd pick on Washington DT Alameda Ta'amu ,  who slipped due to health concerns . CB Justin Gilbert ,  former first round pick ,  cleared waivers . Now is a free agent . Opposing views RT @WhitlockJason Jimmy Raye should've never had the job  !  RT @realfreemancbs Jimmy Raye is one of the best human beings . Seahawks have activated cornerback Walter Thurmond from roster exempt status and released cornerback Perrish Cox . Dallas police said Johnny Manziel will not be charged . Investigation now closed . RT @RickStrom pls RT IU student Lauren Spierer MISSING . Please postshare on social media sites . #FindLauren  . NFLPA established the Kenny McKinley Trust Fund with purpose of providing help with future expenses for McKinleys one year old son ,  Keon . Let's hope he's right RT @wmdavidcornwell There will NOT be a lockout in the NFL .  Check out reasons why .  RT @JoshKing950 Help a 19 year old PSU student live her dream of trending . She passed away earlier this week . Please RT #flyhighgaby . Traffic in NY   brutal . Hutch Pkwy not moving . Help  !  Just what Cowboys didn't need ...  RT @nickeatman Lawrence goes down in a drill .. Can't put weight on right ankle  ... Mike Ditka and Jerry Kramer share what they learned from Vince Lombardi tonight at 9 on ESPN ...  Attention Philadelphia and Seattle Of the 92 teams to have a 4 7 record from 1990 to 2010 ,  only 3 made the playoffs  3.3 pct .Tennessee still awaiting more tests on Jake Lockers injured hip ,  but belief is he could miss four to eight weeks . Mike Tomlin told Suzy Kolber that Steelers center Maurkice Pouncey did not practice today and has been ruled out of Super Bowl XLV . Former Broncos safety Rahim Moore and Texans reached agreement ,  per source . #Markman50 . Correct RT @ArmandoSalguero And even amid denials from his agent ,  I am told Leigh Bodden WILL be returning to the Patriots . Martellus Bennett's Instagram@MartysaurusRex Hi Tom I'm Marty . Let's do this . For now ,  Odell Beckham Jr's appeal of one game suspension not expected until Wednesday ,  per source . No decision yet on appeals officer . Giants believe WR Hakeem Nicks ,  listed as questionable with a knee injury ,  will play today vs . New Orleans . Can you spare 5 ,  10 ,  20 ?  Please suppo . As @ProFootballTalk reported ,  WR Donte Stallworth reached agreement with Washington on a one year deal . With all due respect ,  Bruce S . has meant more to people than George S . RT @pdubb48 The boss' name is GEORGE . There's no other boss . A superb business leadership memoir ,  EVERY TOWN IS A SPORTS TOWN ,  from former ESPN president George Bodenheimer . Browns have hired former Colts' GM Ryan Grigson as Senior Personnel Executive . RT @Ravens By being moved to the active roster ,  Terrell Suggs will be eligible to play on Sunday against the Texans . NFL will review play in which Seattle's Jeremy Lane collided with a member of 49ers' sideline Sunday and determine if discipline necessary . As it turns out ,  Jets traded a fourth round pick to NO for Chris Ivory . Chansi  ?  RT @aoutlaws At what position are you drafting from  ?   ...  4th in a 12 team PPR and 7th in a 16 team PPR . But might have a trade in 16 league . Patriots CB Aqib Talib ,  selected tonight to the Pro Bowl ,  also cashed in on a cool 500,000 Pro Bowl contract clause . Devin Hester keeps running closer and closer to Canton . Keep in mind ,  Al Davis never really wanted to trade Randy Moss . Others in organization did . Mr . Davis has chance to get him again . Why not  ?  RT @RammsteinSkins Any official word of when schedule will be announced  ?   ...  No official word ,  but it'd be an upset if it weren't next week . Dr . James Andrews ,  who examined Myles Jack in December ,  told the UCLA LB today that he does not need micro fracture surgery . Patriots announce WR Torry Holt has been placed on injured reserve with a season ending   and maybe career ending   knee injury . Must see video of new Lions K Havard Rugland ...  Still hard to believe the play on which Lions LB Stephen Tulloch tore his ACL ,  ending his season . Could this man have played any better  ?  long  !  Different approach with rookie QBs . Jags don't want to play Bortles this year ,  Vikes not rushing Bridgewater ,  same with Raiders and Carr . Broncos released veteran cornerback Andr Goodman on Friday . Saints traded LB Stephone Anthony to the Dolphins for an undisclosed draft pick . Ndamukong Suh's appeal of his 100,000 fine scheduled for Friday was postponed will be rescheduled at time to be determined . I would say we should put Tom Cable and Randy Hanson in a room and see what happens ,  but they did ,  and we saw what happened . This morning should be active Twitter morning . At 730 am ET at owners meetings in Orlando ,  AFC head coaches have breakfast with reporters . RB Christine Michael has re signed with the Packers ,  per @FieldYates . NFL competition committee to review Ravens' intentional holding . Houston Texans have re signed free agent S Quintin Demps . Matt Schaub's season now officially over . Texans placed Schaub on injured reserve and are signing Kellen Clemens . Props to @jeffpearlman for his superb new book Showtime Magic ,  Kareem ,  Riley ,  and the Los Angeles Lakers ...  Former Colts and Eagles OT Winston Justice is scheduled to work out for the Dolphins on Wednesday . As expected ,  Saints WR Michael Thomas officially active today vs Falcons . JPP played with back injury last year and received multiple epidural injections to get through season . Doctors believe he should be better .. RT @EricStangel Doesn't look like Colt McCoy plans on coming back . He just went on Fandango and bought a ticket to the 930 Avatar . Saints at Seahawks ,  next Saturday . Cardinals HC Bruce Arians said RB Andre Ellington will be placed on season ending IR with a hernia . A setback for Andrew Luck ...  James Harrison and Steelers reached agreement on 2 year ,  3.5 million deal ,  per source . Vikings just downgraded Adrian Peterson to questionable for Sunday due to illness . Nothing official on WR Larry Fitzgerald's status until later ,  but some bad vibes about his status with Cardinals playing again Thursday . No words ...  RT @jwyattsports Updated Titans QB depth chart  . Miami was awarded one player off waivers today   CB Nate Ness from Seattle . Patriots and CB Brandon Browner reached agreement on a three year ,  17M deal ,  per @JosinaAnderson . Peter Schaffer can go play hockey . And now the Dolphins have announced they signed former Browns TE Jordan Cameron . ESPN's Falcons writer Vaughn McClure reports Steven Jackson is dealing with a hamstring injury and is expected to be sidelined until Week 7.For a player to be eligible for supp draft ,  his circumstances had to have changed since April draft . There's a sense T . Pryor's haven't . RT @Ehb1026 Favre's last pass as a Packer ,  Jet ,  and Viking all interceptions .  ...  Tough ends to an all time great career . Browns signed former Panthers second round pick Everette Brown and former Giants first round pick Aaron Ross . Cowboys announced they have released DT Jay Ratliff from the reservephysically unable to perform list today as failed physical . Rams must have contained their Swine Flu scare . After practice was cancelled yesterday ,  it's back on today . On first play of game ,  a 23 yard completion to 49ers TE Vernon Davis ,  Denver's D looked just like last year . With his contract set to expire after this season ,  LB Brandon Chillar signed a four year ,  21 million contract extension with Packers . Bears WRs Eddie Royal and Marquess Wilson both inactive . Most expensive cologne and underwear ever Cowboys will fine RB Joseph Randle a significant amount for his shoplifting incident . Browns back in position for top pick in 2017 draft . RT @AProuja How are you not getting this . It is still 27 outs . 28 batters though  ...  24 outs in first 8 ,  four outs in ninth . 28 outs . Even in a world that lacks civility ,  we all can agree this was among worst days ever . It changed and defined the lives of so many loved ones . Packers coach Mike McCarthy declared Eddie Lacy ,  coming off a concussion ,  a full go after Monday's practice . Hung out last night and will do the same today  . Guess contemplating retirement didn't last long . Steelers LB James Harrison back in the building . Bills announced they have signed QB Brian Brohm to the 53 man roster . Bills also announced they have released QB Gibran Hamdan . Tom Brady and Philip Rivers on pace to break Peyton Manning's single season passing record of 5,477 yds . Brady pace for 5,508 ,  Rivers 5,506.Ray Anderson warned teams if any illegal acts occur during this weekend's games ,  past comments will be considered in evaluating discipline . Drew Brees and Lions QB Matthew Stafford combined for 846 passing yards ,  an NFL single game postseason record . Of course . LB Rolando McClain officially has reached agreement with Ravens . Still needs to travel to Baltimore to undergo physical . RT @GoldenBrew  Is @RoddyWhiteTV good to go tonight  ?   ...  Sure is . Active and ready . Patriots have signed free agent linebacker Brandon Spikes to a one year deal ,  per @FieldYates and me . #markman50 . Giants director of college scouting Marc Ross interviewing today for the Chargers GM job . Who is less accurate pigskins prognosticators or weathermen  ?  Really now ,  the weathermen on East Coast are rarely right . Bucs activated CB Aqib Talib from the ExemptCommissioner Permission list and waived DE Erik Lorig . Now official Chargers and Anthony Lynn have agreed on a 4 year contract ,  per source . In 24 hours ,  Chargers have new HC and new city . Redskins cut running back Larry Johnson and signed running back Chad Simpson . Need more help on special teams ,  which Simpson provides . Vikings OT DeMarcus Love was suspended without pay for first four games for violating the NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . RT @groggthewilly every1 hates when u talk NBA but what r ur thoughts on 2nite  ?   ...  Trying to stick to football ,  FWIW  my favorite phrases  . QB Matt Flynn reached agreement with the Packers . No jacuzzi in room   just a foul stench and some old tomato sauce on wall . And @mortreport is on a luxury bus  !  Colts HC Jim Caldwell congratulated QB Dan Orlovsky on birth of his triplets and astutely noted ,  We have had quite a few lockout babies.Timeout from NFL to wish Joshua Lafazan ,  the first 18 year old to run for the Syosset School Board of Education ,  the best in his election . Owners now expected to vote this afternoon on shifting Super Bowl LV from LA to Tampa ,  per source . Sounds like vote will happen and pass . OK ,  Jets 16 7  score sound familiar ?   and Vikings 28 24   which probably clinches a Colts Saints Super Bowl . Filed to ESPN Browns RB Trent Richardson traded to Indy for Colts' first round pick . RT @MAL1GAYA I thought teams weren't allowed to block coaches from promotional hires  ?   ...  Can't block them from being HCs . Assts ,  yes . Jameis Winston started pre combine training in San Diego at 248 lbs . Has been training with Prolific Athletes trainer Ryan Flaherty . Worked . Ravens are giving WR Steve Smith a 3 year deal ,  per source . How bout this text from the great @SIPeterKing Can come out tomorrow to help you clear the property . Want me to come ?  Pure class ,  Peter . Minnesota's Jerome Felton has been suspended the first three games for violating the NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . Roger Goodell critical of Oakland plan days before NFL owners vote . Ndamukong Suh won his appeal now allowed to play vs . Dallas . For those that have asked ,  colleague and draft guru Todd McShay recently joined Twitter . He can be found at @McShay13 . John Clayton reports that NFL owners have been told by league to be prepared to vote on new CBA between 330 p.m . and 530 p.m . Dolphins CB Brent Grimes ,  a surprise inactive ,  became Ill late Saturday . Thought he was good ,  worked out this am ,  didn't feel good . Inactive . RT @jprahl2807 How jealous do u get web mortensen breaks a story before you  ?   ...  Not one bit . Hope he breaks every story possible . New Bills' DE Shaq Lawson will need shoulder surgery that sidelines him 4 6 months at some point ,  probably after next season ,  per sources . #KnowThemFromAdam @johnlegend talks live performances ,  being a Bengals fan & ending mass incarceration.  ...  Browns rookie RB James Davis underwent shoulder surgery last week   out six months . NFL has been ,  and will be ,  looking into the situation . Seahawks have released CB DeAngelo Willingham and P Tom Malone ,  and agreed to terms with long snapper Matt Overton and S Quinton Teal . Former Texans defensive tackle Earl Mitchell is expected to land a 4 yr ,  16M deal that includes 9M GTD with Dolphins . Not needing surgery on fractured clavicle ,  Eagles QB Nick Foles now expected to miss 6 8 weeks ,  per source . Khalil Mack had an INT ,  sack ,  forced fumble ,  fumble recovery ,  TD first player since Charles Woodson in 2009 to do all 5 in same game . Friday 10 Spot What Andrew Luck ,  Ryan Tannehill ,  Christian Ponder ,  Sam Bradford have in common ...  Bruce G update RT @RalphCindrich No decision on Gradkowski and IR yet . Films of knees in review with Andrews now . IInital report no surgery . So instead of Browns trading player to Patriots ,  Patriots turn tables and trade player to Browns . Cleveland using its draft ammo . Trevor Siemian ruled out for Broncos . Paxton Lynch to start at QB vs . Jaguars . RT @TomPelissero Peterson on crutches in locker room ,  still can't put pressure on it . Xray negative . Still bracing for worst . Mri tonight . RT @lobes1 still no luck on trying to find a veteran RB  ?   ...  Think you need to take this up with Ted Thompson  and it's after trade ddlne .RT @shawnc619 About what time will schedules be released . Having an anxiety attack over here .  ...  Chill ,  Shawn . ESPN2 @ 7 et ESPN @ 9 et . With five weeks left in season ,  Dallas now has 2.5 game lead over Seattle for NFC's No . 1 seed . NFC path to SB looks to go through Dallas . As @MaryKayCabot reported ,  Browns meeting again today with former Cardinals HC Ken Whisenhunt . A verdict on Browns WR Josh Gordons appeal hearing might not be handed down until end of next week ,  per sources . Football historian Michael MacCambridge will write the authorized biography of Chiefs Founder Lamar Hunt . Bengals WR Terrell Owens is active . This . Is . Classic . Big fantasy trade @mortreport trades Chris Johnson ,  Hakeem Nicks ,  Joe Flacco to @MatthewBerryTMR for Andre Johnson ,  Tony Romo ,  CJ Spiller . Green Bay Packers announced they have released LB Desmond Bishop . It might have been more effective if ,  instead of revoting on the DROY ,  the AP had gotten writers to revote on Bush vs . Gore . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Beyond bathroom reading . RT @AndrewSiciliano For those who haven't read the USC report . Here it is ... 67 pages  . To Eric Winston's point on Jay Cutler ,  I would say the same about Chicago's O line . Denver's was far superior . When Michael Crabtree came out in 2009 ,  he was No . 1 player on Jets' board . Jets former GM Mike Tannenbaum now in MIA . Crabtree visiting . On Tampa Bay's espn station with the Fabulous Sports Babe . Stream in if you can . Thanks . Watson putted to within feet of hole . He now will take 1 shot lead into last hole . Incredible . NFL won't fine Ravens HC John Harbaugh for allowing his brother ,  Stanford HC Jim Harbaugh ,  to criticize officials Monday night in Green Bay . Gruden denied discussions with Irsay ,  saying I know nothing . Ive told people ,  Im not coaching . Im a broadcaster ,  Im not a coach.Michael Vick Commissioner never told me to sign or not sign with particular teams . I want to make it clear this was a decision I made.Harrison on Big Ben in Men's Journal RT @TheJetsStream Says Stop trying 2act like Manning . U aint that . U just get paid like  him  . Despite speculation Washington is a longshot ,  a Redskins official said team still will try to sign Peyton Manning and wants to speak with 18 . RT @Tompe25 I'm confused . Had Sparano been officially fired from Miami  ?   ...  Not that I recall . So I guess Brett Favre can now drive Brad Childress to the airport . 49ers requested interviews with Josh McDaniels for HC job ,  and Pats' Director of Player Personnel Nick Caserio for GM job ,  per source . Rams likely to shut down QB Sam Bradford for rest of season to let him heal from high ankle sprain . Rams' top 3 pick will be hot trade spot . Dolphins released linebacker Joey Porter ,  the team announced today . Jets have released CB Lito Sheppard and he is now a free agent . Supplemental draft over   Jarmon only player picked . Browns QB Johnny Manziel was fined 12,000 for flipping bird at Redskins bench Monday night ,  per league source . A little Christmas jingle from @jimmyfallon and his One Direction friends ... Over past two seasons ,  new Cowboys CB Brandon Carr has knocked down 28 passes ,  second in the NFL ,  behind only Joe Haden and his 30.Vikings QB Sam Bradford seeking second opinion on knee from Dr . James Andrews ,  per @mortreport . Has pronounced pain in knee . Steelers are expected to sign former Browns CB Joe Haden to a three year ,  27 million deal ,  including 7M this year ,  sources told ESPN . Washington's Jake Locker ran one of the fastest 40 times any QB at the combine ever has ,  an unofficial 4.52 seconds . Veteran CB Rashean Mathis ,  entering his 12th season ,  is signing a one year deal with the Detroit Lions ,  where he started 13 games last year . Eagles announced they have signed OT Winston Justice to a four year contract extension that will keep him in Philadelphia through 2013.So basically ,  the judge made it rain . Please help my friends @DeathWishCoffee land their own Super Bowl commercial by voting here ...  Ben Roethlisberger said today that he wants Steelers to attempt 2 point conversion after each touchdown in 2016 ...  So now former Jets WR Eric Decker will be a free agent . He can choose where he wants to go . Packers have not resigned him . No decision yet . RT @pnordenberg @AdamSchefter any significance to the Packers resigning Ahman Green  ?  Asante Samuel is inactive . Broncos fined DJ Williams for his DUI ,  took away his captaincy and will not start him Sunday vs . KC . RT @lancearmstrong If I had a few hundred million bucks I'd buy the Dallas Cowboys then get the hell outta the way . Tough to show Ralph Wilson highlights   but equally tough to measure how much he has meant to NFL and to Buffalo . Peyton Manning's first game as Broncos QB will come in prime time as Denver hosts Pittsburgh on opening Sunday night of NFL season . Eagles agreed to terms on a 1 year contract with former Colts' CB Patrick Robinson . Eagles WR Jordan Matthews will play Sunday vs . Washington ,  despite a sprained ankle that lists him as questionable ,  per source . Kudos to Len Pasquarelli for busting the new Philip Rivers contract   6 yrs ,  93 million ,  38 million guaranteed . Teams racing to sign undrafted free agents RT @TheRedzoneorg Report Javan Sneed agrees to deal with Bucs  . As @ProFootballTalk reported ,  Buccaneers are a potential landing spot for Jets CB Darrelle Revis . Denver keeps RB CJ Anderson Miami needs a RB . Josh Gordon actively shopped by Browns before entering rehab . Like Packers TE Jermichael Finley ,  LB Brady Poppinga has torn meniscus and will undergo surgery tomorrow to determine how long he'll miss . Cowboys placed QB Jon Kitna on IR with a back injury   and that could be wrap on a solid NFL career . day . Contract talks between the Packers and free agent TE Jared Cook have broken off ,  per source . Cook expected to visit other teams . Bengals plan to sign kicker Josh Brown to replace Mike Nugent ,  who has an injured calf . Jaguars signed veteran defensive lineman C.J . Mosley and released veteran quarterback Todd Bouman.Free agent RB Stevan Ridley is visiting Redskins today ,  per @MikeReiss . Previously visited Miami Dolphins and New York Jets . Three Patriots listed as questionable   WRs Brandon LaFell and Julian Edelman ,  and RB Shane Vereen   all expected to play today vs . Miami . While John Fox will consider a quarterback change in Carolina ,  Eric Mangini won't in Cleveland . Mangini has seen enough of Brady Quinn . Colin Kaepernick items to be part of Smithsonian's Black Lives Matter collection ...  And for the same fighting incident with 49ers safety Dashon Goldson ,  the NFL fined Cardinals wide receiver Early Doucet 10,000.Colts S Bob Sanders  biceps  and WR Austin Collie will not play Sunday against San Diego . Steelers president Art Rooney II announced establishment of The Chuck Noll Foundation for Brain Injury Research  . In first game back today after serving 10 game suspension ,  Browns WR Josh Gordon is expected to play between 20 30 plays ,  per league source . RT @bhofheimerespn Congrats to @tunasweasel ,  one of our top producers who will now oversee all of #ESPN's #NFL studio shows . 49ers announced they have named Ed Donatell secondary coach ,  Geep Chryst quarterbacks coach and Jim Leavitt linebackers coach . What was close last night was finished today Bills and wide receiver Stevie Johnson reached agreement on a five year deal . Agree or disagree with this headline  ?  Liz Merrill with an in depth and close up look at the fight that Titans OC Mike Heimerdinger is waging . A break from draft discussion for this Magic center Dwight Howard will undergo season ending back surgery . Buccaneers promoted Shelton Quarles from pro scout to the position of Coordinator of Pro Scouting . More ouches Panthers HC Ron Rivera confirmed that ILB Jon Beason has a torn left Achilles . Done for season . Lions placed WR Derrick Williams on IR and signed WR Brian Clark . Players not tagged include CBs Aqib Talib ,  Vontae Davis ,   Alteraun Verner ,  and DEs Michael Bennett and Michael Johnson . Browns downgraded WR Mohamed Massaquoi  head  ,  OL John St . Clair  ankle  and QB Seneca Wallace  ankle to Out for Sunday . Patriots signed veteran tight ends Ben Hartsock ,  Steve Maneri and rookie free agent TE Terrence Miller . Three more TEs for NE . And another shoe drops 49ers are releasing QB Brian Hoyer ,  per source . For the first time in recent memory ,  NFL has notified all 32 teams that no player tested positive at February combine ,  per league sources . This season ,  Reggie Wayne has 67 fantasy points ,  Greg Jennings 66 ,  DeSean Jackson 65 ,  Miles Austin 63. And Bills WR Steve Johnson 65. Wow . LaDainian Tomlinson released   remember ,  the Chargers drafted him with the pick they acquired for the rights to draft Michael Vick . DE Chris Long posted that he wont be back with the Patriots in free agency. Everyone enjoying this Packers Cardinals game today will get more next weekend . Packers open wild card round in Arizona against Cards . Friday 10 Spot On Black Friday ,  the 10 best values in the NFL ,  including @TeamVic .   Patriots have released TE Bo Scaife . In his last act before training camp ,  Browns QB Colt McCoy is pulling a good one   he's getting married this weekend . Another early retirement Ravens OL John Urschel is retiring from NFL ,  per source . RT @MikeFranchise You DO NOT sleep at all lol .  ...  Who needs that  ?  Very over rated . RT @SillyPutty7 will Justin Blackmon face suspension from the regular season  ?   ...  Do not expect a suspension . Fine ,  yes . Suspension ,  no . For those willing to help ESPN's Leah Siegel Leah Fund ,  Acct . 169234 ,  American National Bank ,  1201 Cross Timbers ,  Flower Mound ,  TX ,  75028 . Panthers RB DeAngelo Williams ran earlier in warmups and we're now awaiting official word on his status . RT @PatrickMoranBSD Paul Posluszny is NOT worth 7 million per year  in Jacksonville .  ...  If someone's willing to pay him that ,  he is . What do we think of the Buccaneers new uniforms  ?  Busy day ahead All NFL teams must have their rosters cut down to a maximum of 53 players by 9 ET on Friday . So 704 pl  . Patriots DE Rob Ninkovich tore his triceps in Tuesdays practice with Saints ,  per @MikeReiss . Uncertain how long Ninkovich will be out . Just heard Shannon Sharpe say on Sirius that he never has seen a player at practice do what Brandon Marshall did last week . Ever . Congratulations HOF Class of 2014 Aeneas Williams ,  Michael Strahan ,  Derrick Brooks ,  Walter Jones ,  Andre Reed ,  Ray Guy ,  Claude Humphrey . Congrats on a superb career ,  MM RT @espnnfl Carolina Panthers' Muhsin Muhammad to announce retirement ,  source says   . Charles Oakley has become to James Dolan and the Knicks what Eric Dickerson was to Jeff Fisher and the Rams . Those who know Zygi Wilf say Vikings owner is angry his team plans to waive the player that he wanted ,  and worked to bring back ,  to Minn . 49ers signed former Vikings and Bengals WR Jerome Simpson to a two year contract ,  per league source . Chuck Noll ,  Jack Ramsay ,  Don Zimmer ,  Louis Zamperini ,  Jean Beliveau ,  Rubin Carter ,  Ralph Wilson ,  Tony Gwynn ,  Frank Cashen ,  Bryan Burwell . RT @SportsCenter Attorney for OSU's Terrelle Pryor says QB won't return for his senior season .  ...  Projects as mid round supplemental pick . What's nicer than taking your baby girl to the duck pond on a gorgeous summer day . Falcons deactivated WR Roddy White ,  listed as questionable due to hamstring injury ,  per team official . Money in Emmanuel Sanders' one year offer sheet with NE will not scare PITT . But Steelers could opt to take NE's 3rd rd pick instead . Falcons released QB Rex Grossman ,  per source . Giants' prac sqd QB Rhett Bomar ,  TEs Jake Ballard and Bear Pascoe ,  OL Jim Cordle ,  DL Nate Collins ,  DBs Seth Williams and Sha'reff Rashad . Let's hope not RT @PrideOCucamonga High ratings and football is sky high ,  yet no one's making enough money and there'll be a work stoppage . Let's worry about this tomorrow . RT @pumpnuggetpetes todays the last meaningful nfl game for 7 months ... depressing isn't it  ?  A Mike Holmgren update on his talks with the Browns and where this is going is coming up shortly on Sportscenter ... Browns president Alex Scheiner told @darrenrovell that ,  in 12 hours after Johnny Manziel was selected ,  team sold more than 1,500 season tix . Sean McVay says Aaron Donald will start this Sunday . No declaration on how many snaps he will play . Cowboys giving Tyron Smith 8 yr ,  110M ,  incl 40M gtd ,  10M sign bonus ,  per @toddarcher . Smith signed through 2023.If Ocho doesn't score today ,  this will be me . tomorrow  ?  Dolphins claimed former Browns CB Dimitri Patterson on waivers . RT @BrandonCherryBC Is there a team that ISN'T getting a visit from you guys  ?   ...  Nope . @mortreport and I are hitting all 32 camps . To repeat 49ers are trading a 2018 2nd round draft pick for Patriots QB Jimmy Garoppolo ,  sources tell ESPN . More details RT @JosinaAnderson Plaxico to Jets who swoop in with a call and offer during his travel west . Plax headed back East . With Steven Hauschka struggling ,  the Ravens tried out free agent kickers Billy Cundiff and Mike Nugent . Pittsburgh will place QB Dennis Dixon on IR today ,  clinching that Charlie Batch and Byron Leftwich will remain on roster this season . Jets move up in draft for another RB . To draft RB Joe McKnight at No . 112 ,  Jets traded picks No . 124 and No . 198 to Carolina . #nfldraft . NFL awarded league high 299,465 in performance based pay to Bengals rookie LB Vontaze Burfict ,  not far off from his 390,000 base salary . Tom Brady's foot injury really looks like it is hampering him . Bill Belichick ,  asked today about the idea of resting players Sunday vs . Miami  . FYI for whichever Cowboys QB starts today No team blitzed more often over past two seasons than Cardinals   47 percent of opp dropbacks . WR Devin Thomas claimed by the Panthers on waiversm . Packers QB Aaron Rodgers listed as doubtful ,  Chiefs QB Matt Cassel listed as questionable . Former Cowboys TE Martellus Bennett's deal with the New York Giants 1 year ,  2.5 million . Jets coach Rex Ryan announced that Kellen Clemens ,  not Mark Sanchez ,  will be starting Sunday vs . Tampa Bay . Sanchez's knee an issue . Georgia RB Keith Marshall clocks in with an unofficial 4.29 in 40. Motoring ... Patriots have signed running back Dion Lewis to a two year contract extension through the 2017 season ,  per @FieldYates . Congratulations to former colleague Avery Johnson ,  who has agreed to become the next HC of the New Jersey Nets . RT @jeffduncantp GM Mickey Loomis said the Saints never had a conversation with the Redskins about DT Albert Haynesworth . #nfldraft . Patriots WR @Ochocinco bought 70 Beats by Dre headphones to give out to each teammate for Sunday's flight to Indianapolis for Super Bowl . Drew Pearson putting another show in Philly . It's Jimmy V week at ESPN through Dec . 8. His speech still resonates . Cancer affects too many . Let's donate . Ben Roethlisberger underwent rt . knee surgery today for discomfort in it . Steelers expect him ready for training camp . Does this stadium look ready to host a football game Sunday  ?  Take a drive through New England and see the fall foliage . Kristi Lee gorgeous . Jim Harbaugh is signing right now . Done deal . Statement from Dallas police regarding the Sunday night altercation that involved Cowboys RB Ezekiel Elliott  . Titans WR Corey Davis  hamstring  already ruled out of Sundays game vs . Seattle . Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger not playing tonight . Achilles injury . He's on the field ,  wearing tennis shoes ,  walking with a limp . So far during free agency ,  Jets have signed a QB with faulty knee and a RB with faulty judgement . It's pretty simple . In the coming uncapped year ,  teams that reach Final 8 cannot sign free agents unless they lose one . Vick finally talks . 60 Minutes Sunday .  on 60 Minutes this Sunday . Bears have signed first round draft pick and No . 2 overall selection ,  QB Mitchell Trubisky . No great surprise ,  but the Saints will use their franchise tag on tight end Jimmy Graham before Mondays deadline ,  per a league source . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Congratulations ,  @michaelstrahan . From teammates with Eli Manning to teammates with @kellyripa . SF might not be done dealing here ... One more . RT @ddockett Got fined  5,000 becuz my socks wasn't high enough . Might get in trouble for telling yall this  !  Yall should know  !  5.RT @stlramscom Yes Sir  !     Rams have fulfilled NFL sellout requirements for Sundays home game against the undefeated Indianapolis Colts . RT @shortbusworld @AdamSchefter Rumor has it the Lions signed Chris Houston to 2 year deal . Any truth  ?   ...  Truth . Houston back to Detroit . Police arrest man for pulling fire alarm at Pittsburgh Steelers' hotel  . Another college coach has turned pro . University of Miami OC Jedd Fisch will become Jaguars' OC ,  reuniting with Jacksonville HC Gus Bradley . Eagles WR Arrelious Benn suffered a torn ACL in his left knee during today's practice . Broncos WR Emmanuel Sanders ,  listed as questionable for Sunday with ankle injury ,  is expected to play vs . Patriots ,  per source . Detroit center Dominic Raiola told reporters that the Lions fined him 15,000 for the obscene gesture he directed at Dolphins fans . Commissioner Roger Goodell has reinstated Sean Payton from his season long suspension ,  effective immediately ,  NFL announced . Jets are signing WR Josh Cribbs . Another TD for Darren Sharper . Guy's a touchdown machine  !  Wide receiver Taverras King ,  whom Denver released Saturday ,  was claimed on waivers by the Carolina Panthers . Bills also have released T Cyrus Kouandjio . San Francisco 49ers announced they have released S Michael Lewis . Coincidence that Russell Westbrook signed the biggest contract in NBA history on Kevin Durants birthday  ?  Touch ...  @bucbolthead probably printed same time as ESPN preview . Was told by person in today's appeal that Tom Brady's greatest ally was ... Tom Brady . Offered explanations in all areas . Now up to Goodell . As it turns out ,  Rob Gronkowski was wide open on NE's failed 2 point conversion ,  as @LRiddickESPN noticed on all 22 replay . That will haunt . RT @peterhagerman  Getting a Page does not exist for @Ekshow . What's the deal  ?   ...  He changed it . New twitter account is @ESPNErik . Redskins announced that they have signed safety Reed Doughty ,  who has played well for Washington . How is it that Raiders don't sell out at home against their divisional rival Broncos  ?  It's not like they're paying the Browns . The Broncos  !  Busy day in the Burgh Steelers signed wide receiver Arnaz Battle and safety Will Allen . Browns make another move along defensive line ,  reaching agreement with Juqua Parker on a 1 year ,  3 million deal . Eagles LB Kiko Alonso in Florida today to get 2nd opinion on knee from Dr . James Andrews diagnosis will help determine if surgery needed . offense . After visiting the Steelers this weekend ,  former Colts HC Jim Caldwell plans to join Ravens offensive staff ,  likely as QB coach . Tampa Bay released DT John McCargo today . RT @jetzzfan @AdamSchefter PHI TB in 2001 did it as well . Panthers named Dave Gettleman their new GM . RT @Noslen26 Is John fox clear cut winner for coach of the year  ?   ...  No ,  Jim Harbaugh is . But it would be nice to see playoffs before vote . 49ers announced they have waived T Jonathan Martin . RT @wingoz RT @DanPorter33 @wingoz  Tom Cable won't be charged w assault . But DA still investigating how Raiders could draft Heyward Bey . Eagles re sign CB Joselio Hanson to a two year contract and release CB Trevard Lindley . Colts have waived sixth year veteran DE Josh Thomas and fourth year DB Anthony Madison . Probably should have taken that text I got from a Seahawks coach this morning that said   and I quote   We will win a bit more seriously . RT @OfficialBrowns The Browns have announced that season ticket prices for 2010 will not increase . Dolphins announced they released CB Cortland Finnegan . RT @BUrlacher54 It was not a negotiation it was an ultimatum . Gonna miss my teammates . Too many losses Gaines Adams ,  Chris Henry ,  Steve McNair ,  Sean Taylor ,  Darrent Williams ,  Korey Stringer . A shame and sad . Packers OC Joe Philbin will be coaching today's game vs . Giants . Watching CNN right now   all Michael ,  all the time   and you could not pay me to be in LA tomorrow . Going to be out of control . Already is . Pipeline continues Chiefs were awarded T Steve Maneri via waiver claim from New England . A 26th straight loss for 76ers tonight would tie all time record for consecutive losses in 4 major pro sports leagues in North America . 49ers are hiring former Lions RB coach Curtis Modkins as their offensive coordinator ,  per league sources . Calvin Johnson told family 2015 would be his final year and delivered same message to Jim Caldwell after season ended ,  sources told ESPN . Packers RB James Starks is active vs Titans . Sportscenter fact Charlie Weis has the exact same winning percentage at Notre Dame   .583   that Bob Davie and Tyrone Willingham had . Broncos paying three head coaches in 2011   Mike Shanahan ,  Josh McDaniels ,  and the new HC . McDaniels and new HC to be paid in 2012.Eagles free agent G Evan Mathis drawing interest from Colts and Redskins . Some consider him one of league's most under rated players . A conversation with the late ,  great Ron Santo . Ravens OT Michael Oher was fined 5,000 for violating NFL's social media policy   tweeting during prohibited period on gameday . My wife ,  Sharri ,  has #T1D  Type 1 Diabetes  ,  making National Diabetes Awareness Month important to me . Learn more  . #KnowThemFromAdam Jeremy Maclin reveals he played last season with torn groin Greg Olsen discusses his future.Saints released QB Ryan Nassib ,  per source . Raiders expressing some interest in free agent RB Cedric Benson . The official word from Marty Schottenheimer . RT @DestroyersMarty I have returned to Coaching with the Virginia Destroyers and the UFL . Wade Phillips is visiting Denver today to interview for the Broncos defensive coordinator job ,  per @Edwerderespn . BBC reporting two NFL games in London next season . As big as the man himself . RT @NickPiccolino @AdamSchefter How big is the Kris Jenkins injury for the Jets  ?  It is highly unlikely that anything with Adrian Peterson will be resolved until next week ,  at the earliest ,  per sources . Owners and NFLPA meeting now   the last gasp to try to make something happen . Colts QB Matt Hasselbeck is starting tonight ,  per source . No Andrew Luck again . A look at how the Buccaneers feel about Bill Cowher   and the person who did the talking was convincing and adamant . Guess there are other people being asked about free agent CB Nnamdi Asomugha's plans daily . Mile high history @NFLfootballinfo Kyle Orton's 1,419 passing yards is 2nd best in NFL history thru 1st 4 games  Kurt Warner ,  '00 ,  1,557 .Two new additions to Twitter HOF QB @DanMarino and Agent whistleblower @JoshLuchs . And @FieldYates is reporting Dolphins placed OT Jonathan Martin on the non football injury list today ,  officially ending his season . Rich . Great ideas from Twitterverse If we lock Al Sharpton and Peter King in a room ,  mmqb Peter King can cover it and Don King can promote it . name . One more time because it's worth it ... RT @Bbenvie923 Today is the WEEI Jimmy Fund telethon . Donate at jimmyfund.org or 8777381234. Help strike out cancer in kids . Please RT . Another from Ed Werder How about Vick fate decided before Favre's ?  Poor Rachel Nichols  !  She now is certified Hattiesburg resident . Good way to start your day ,  Tampa . A Bucs official texted me at 126 a.m . that Josh Freeman deal just got done . He'll be there for camp Sat . RT @McClainonNFL Don't think Arian Foster will touch the ball 25 times like he usually does . I think he'll get 20 and Ben Tate 10.RT @JasonRomano Talk about redemption from the fans   Mike Vick leading in Pro Bowl voting . 38,000 more than Peyton . Highly recommend today's #KnowThemFromAdam Father's Day podcast with Philip Rivers ,  who has eight children ... and is open to having more . Friday 10 Spot early Saturday am What's wrong with the NFL's MVP vote . Bengals LB Vontaze Burfict is facing 5 game suspension for an illegal hit against a Chiefs FB Anthony Sherman this month ,  sources tell ESPN . Bills preparing to move on from HC Rex Ryan ,  per league sources . Ravens OC Cam Cameron scouting the Texans in person today ,  attending game and sitting in the stands . Ravens gave Texans courtesy call on it . Bills RB Marshawn Lynch missed Buffalo's OTA Thursday to fly to Dallas to be a groomsman in wedding of Seahawks RB Justin Forsett . If Asante Samuel would have held on to Eli Manning's pass in the Super Bowl like he did that one ,  Pats would have been 19 0.Uh oh . RT @MikeGarafolo Cultures taken from Buccaneers G Carl Nicks are once again showing MRSA in his foot . Believed to be a reoccurrence . Lions WR Calvin Johnson was limited in practice today due to his knee injury . Oklahoma QB Sam Bradford just revealed on Sportscenter that he has had four holes in one . Four  !  Man can throw the football   and golf . NY's tabloids front page and back page are on the same page ...  One person who knows Josh McDaniels said he had an awesome meeting with Browns ,  but it isnt right time for him to become a head coach . And @mortreport has it Vilma suspension the same but will not lose game checks from the time he is on PUP . Scott Fuji  . RT @tennesseetitans With the 77th pick ,  the #Titans have selected WR Damian Williams from USC . OT Anthony Davis' five year extension with 49ers is worth 37.3 million ,  including 17 million in guaranteed money . Despite a lingering groin injury ,  Packers WR Greg Jennings is expected to play tonight vs Seattle . Worst news possible Sadly ,  tragically ,  Bears DE Gaines Adams has passed away . NFL announced it suspended Buccaneers S Dashon Goldson one game for helmet to helmet hit on Saints RB Darren Sproles . Predicitions for this or any NFL season are surest way to make people look silly . It's like William Goldman said ,  Nobody knows anything.Picture of Day A Brown on Brown crime ...  Lawyers drafting language in NY ,  NFLNFLPA leaders meeting in DC all trying to finalize agreement to get both sides to ratify by Thursday . Colts placed LB Gary Brackett and S Melvin Bullitt on IR ,  signed LB A.J . Edds off Pats practice squad and QB Dan Orlovsky . Another QB in Dallas ...  After spending Saturday in Foxboro ,  Rams officials are in Florida today for HC interviews with Doug Marrone and Anthony Lynn ,  per source . Entourage cast visits Seahawks facility for pre screening of movie ...  49ers re signed their former OL Adam Snyder ,  whom Arizona recently released . Not bad ...  LB Dan Connor was waived off NY Giants injured reserve list today at the request of he and his agent . Connor is healthy and ready to play . Colts TE Dwayne Allen officially inactive with hip injury . Congratulations to Chris Johnson ,  who ran over the 2K mark and into the record books . Six Points Browns still face uncertainty up front . RT @SammyMojito Adam ,  can you give us KC Chef fans ANY bright spot after today's devestation 'cause by the Chargers  ?  &lt  It's over . Rex Ryan just said on @SiriusXMNFL that he definitely would not rule out Tyrod Taylor this week.Broncos and LB Brandon Marshall agreed to a four year extension . RT @bighank3 Any chance wannstedt back to cowboys as DC  ?   ...  Doesn't sound like he's in play there . He's looking mostly for asst HC role . True  ?  RT @georgegabriel 44 days from Xmas to Superbowl 44. Sunday will mark 4 years ,  4 months since Katrina . We beat Vikings 444 into OT . RT @RobDemovsky Sure looks like another week with Matt Flynn . lot . Hakeem Nicks will undergo surgery Friday to have a screw inserted into the broken bone . Outdoor dining is more overrated than team chemistry . Unless it's by the water ,  or in some quiant setting ,  who wants to sit in humidity  ?  Sup ,  @EricStangel . Sup . Oakland Raiders have signed former 49ers CB Carlos Rogers ,  the team announced . Former Buccaneers LT Donald Penn ,  whom Tampa released today ,  is flying to Oakland tonight to visit Raiders . Redskins also interested . ESPN's @RandyMoss said he expects Antonio Brown to play tonight but that the Steelers WR is favoring his sprained t  . Full practice today for @RGIII ,  which makes it look promising for him to start Sunday vs . Philadelphia . Seattle Seahawks violated the Collective Bargaining Agreements offseason workout rules on the prohibition of live contact during an OTA . Bills officially announced they have signed free agent WR Percy Harvin . Hard to argue this ,  too . RT @bkasbohm Burress was lucky that he didn't kill anyone or himself when the gun he brought to the club went off . Rams lean Jared Goff today ,  but one reason they made trade now was to get two weeks to debate top 2 QBs because both are going to be good.One year after lymphoma diagnosis ,  Pitt RB James Conner declares for NFL draft . For the first time this season ... Monday Night Countdown now on the air  !  Russell Wilson battling high ankle sprain ,  per source . Will play today ,  movement could be hindered but one source said ,  Hes doing great.By trading RB Trent Richardson to Indianapolis ,  Browns now have two picks in 2014 draft in rounds 1 ,  3 ,  4. QB of future on the way ... Former Packers LB DJ Smith signed with the San Diego Chargers . Texans signing WR DeAndre Hopkins to a 5 year contract extension ,  per sources . Will include largest guarantee for any WR in NFL . Todd Bouman is Jacksonville's starting QB today with Trent Edwards as his backup . Proposed new league year would start before combine in 2015 and 2016. Change of draft to May effective in 2014.Everyone stop and watch an emotional Colts HC Chuck Pagano and keep him in your thoughts . Cory Redding reaches agreement with Indianapolis on a 3 year 10.5 million deal . Chiefs announced that Clancy Pendergast ,  Dedric Ward and Bob Bicknell will not return to the coaching staff . Not what Steelers needed RT @EdBouchette Taking David DeCastro off in a cart . Lions officially announced they released K Alex Henery . 4th . In recent weeks ESPN has sent Herm Edwards to Arizona State and Aaron Boone to the New York Yankees.Plenty of pr  . Impressive story RT @nytbishop Colts WR Taj Smith ,  from streets of Newark ,  with two brothers dead ,  in lockout limbo  . Up and adam ... RT @albertbreer Reggie Bush on @TheMontyShow Can we go undefeated  ?  Yes.We have the heart and dedication ,  the coaching staff ,  the players.Jaguars expected to hire former Jets GM John Idzik as a consultant ,  per source . If ever there were a time for the Vikings to give Brad Childress a contract extension ,  this would be it . Bye week . 7 1. Could be this week . No other team stepped in at last minute . Bills and Mario Williams still wrapping up language details before wrapping up contract . RT @broncossacco Brian Griese doing color commentary for KOA radio at MNF game vs . Steelers . TJ McDonald ,  the 2nd highest ranked unsigned free agent on our ESPN 150 ,  has been suspended for first 8 games of seaosn ,  per @FieldYates . And next week the Eagles play at New England . Saints were the one team that was interested in trading for Shawne Merriman . Problem was compensating Chargers AND Merriman . Friday column moved up to Thursdays from now on the unbeaten Arizona Cardinals ...  From @tambrosini ... Did Al Davis hammer the Seacrest deal out.Buccaneers QB Josh McCown will start Week 10 ,  according to QB Mike Glennon ,  who's now auditioning as an NFL Insider . Giants kicker Josh Brown will not travel with the team to London . Texans reached agreement with fourth round pick ,  former Pitt QB Tom Savage . From @mortreport and I Doug Marrone walks with his 2015 salary of 4 million without it counting as an offset against any future salary . A law enforcement official told the AP he sent a video of Ray Rice punching his then fiancee to an NFL executive three months ago . Texans HC Bill OBrien said he expects TJ Yates to start Sunday vs Jaguars . It's May 27   able to come up for air . And already starting to get itchy ...  So Phil Jackson  Mike Holmgren . Washington RB Samaje Perine questionable to return with Achilles injury . Ha RT @RealJeffLee when are you going to realize hes not going anywere yourr just setting yourself up for a big slap in the face By me  ! Great quote in Peter King's MMQB column from an NFL owner on moving back the 2014 draft back three weeks I just ...  RT @gavinator13 @AdamSchefter what is your boy Mort doing reporting on college ball  ?   ...  He did a heck of a job breaking Notre Dame hire . Seahawks have signed CFL standout defensive end Ricky Foley and punter Tom Malone . For those that would like to see the hit that resulted in Bengals' LB Vontaze Burfict now facing a 5 game suspensio  . Wow RT @GusRamsey Deron Williams to Nets for Derrick Favors and Devin Harris is done . GS also involved to make money work . Utah gets picks . Elements a factor today in Green Bay . A 70 percent chance of snow all game ,  1 3 inches of snow expected ,  per source  Weather App .More Cowboys problems . RT @espnnfl Dallas Cowboys place Marcus Spears ,  Akwasi Owusu Ansah on IR   . Hard to imagine that Dolphins' HC Adam Gase allows his former Broncos RB CJ Anderson to leave Miami without a signed offer sheet . Bengals G Jacob Bell has informed the club he has decided to retire ,  and the club today placed Bell on its ReserveRetired list . Congratulations to former DT LaRoi Glover ,  who has been hired as the St . Louis Rams director of player programs .   . Thoughts and prayers with McNair family ,  particularly his four children ,  on the night of his memorial service . A decision on the appeal of Seahawks CB Richard Sherman is expected to be announced by Thursday . Jets Asst Head Coach Mike Caldwell will serve as interim head coach in place of Todd Bowles vs Patriots on Saturday . After watching Gruden special tonight ,  what struck me was this Marcus Lattimore can play for my team any time . Chargers LB Denzel Perryman expected to miss 4 6 weeks with ankle injury he suffered Sunday ,  per source ,  but MRI today for more clarity . Chargers' WR Travis Benjamin ,  listed as questionable with knee injury ,  is expected to play vs . Falcons ,  per ...  As world champs ,  Broncos now expected to open 2016 regular season in Denver on Thursday ,  Sept . 8. Colts ,  Pats ,  Panthers on Denver home sked . PART 1 HC Josh McDaniels' said WR Brandon Marshall is not playing Sunday due to a coach's decision . 49ers HC Jim Harbaugh to reporters asking about Vernon Davis' lack of production You guys are starting to sound ...  mind . DeSean Jackson's absence from Eagles OTAs today is not contract related . Not sure why he is missing ,  but am told it is not contract . Texans reached agreement on a four year contract with second round pick Ben Tate . Has chance to have a big season . Patriots are likely to place their franchise tag wide receiver Wes Welker . Franchise WR tag is 9.5 million . On the five Jets coaches that got eliminated today ,  owner Woody Johnson thought team had too many coaches . They aren't replacing anyone . Texans officially waived S Ed Reed and placed RB Arian Foster on IR . Showering while you're moving ,  and holding on to the walls so you don't fall ,  is a rather new experience . A little more spice for Monday night's game Jets are re signing veteran WR Laveranues Coles today . Vikings traded 5th round pick to Miami for WR Mike Wallace and 7th round pick ,  per league source . Former Seahawks DT Alan Branch agrees to a 1 year ,  3 million deal in Buffalo with 350K in upside ,  per @blakebaratz . Falcons opponents are a combined 13 24 so far this season ,  giving Atlanta the leagues easiest schedule through 7 weeks . Eagles had only 10 rushing attempts today ,  a season low.According to ESPN Stats ,   when they rush ball 25 times or more ,  they are 8 0.Widespread reports 49ers releasing CB Nate Clements   team and agent Todd France say not true . Detroit gets back the LB it wanted to keep . RT @ProFootballTalk Lions sign Stephen Tulloch to five year deal . For those in need of their football fix . RT @SIPeterKing MMQB is up ,  and has been up  . Aaron Rodgers is going to enjoy his first championship since 6th grade basketball . #Lombardiisgoinghome . Caught in the act . RT @allyzay @AdamSchefter I liked your commercial just now  !  The mustaches  !  On day Mike Brown insisted he will not trade Carson Palmer ,  Bengals continued contract discussions with former Raiders QB Bruce Gradkowski . Bears' long snapper Patrick Scales also suffered a serious knee injury ,  per team official . Tough day for Bears . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . And the six underclassmen from Oklahoma do not include Sam Bradford and Gerald McCoy . With 2nd round selection of Geno Smith ,  Jets now have surplus of QBs ,  leading some sources to say team will consider releasing Mark Sanchez . And Bucs have deactivated RB Doug Martin . On June 27 ,  ESPN's Outside the Lines ran a piece on purple drank ,  an illegal drug concocted using Jolly Ranchers and codeine . NFL's Independent Neurologist now recommending the Redskins not play RGIII vs Ravens on Saturday night . As part of new ESPN NFL deal ,  Sunday NFL Countdown will start one hour earlier at 10 am ET NFL Live will be one hour each weekday ,  4 5 ET . Vikings RB Adrian Peterson turned himself in to Texas authorities at 206 a.m . ET today he's expected to post 15,000 bond . Vikes clinch division with one win and one Pack loss . RT @trevorbechard @AdamSchefter whens the soonest the vikings claim a playoff spot  ?  10 guys who should be in Pro Football Hall of Fame  . Cardinals releasing WR Aaron Dobson . RT @DenverBroncos Demaryius Thomas suffered Achilles tendon injury on Wed while working out in Ga . Recovery expected to take 6 8 months . So in 2011 ,  Seahawks used a 5th round pick on Stanford CB Richard Sherman and signed undrafted FA Stanford WR Doug Baldwin . Worked out OK . RT @sarcastiholic Instead of getting updates on Gov ,  I'm getting 100's of updates from Adam Schefter   he won't stop tweeting his twitter . Denver hired Jack Del Rio as its defensive coordinator . Two men who have a lot in common and a lot to discuss RT @ChrisJohnson28 Just got off the phone wit @DeseanJackson10 . Panthers' CB Josh Norman on ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown about Falcons' WR Julio Jones He completes me.Texans RB Steve Slaton spent this week studying how Tiki Barber changed the way he held the football to correct his fumbling problems . Frank Caliendo makes coaching debut tonight for I9 Youth Sports in Ahwatukee ,  a suburb of Phoenix . Sources say Caliendo already on hot seat . As discussed on WEEI in Boston on Friday ,  LB Adalius Thomas will be inactive today for the Patriots . RT @glazeduck @AdamSchefter what are your thoughts on Nix Shef  ?  Good hire  ?   ...  He knows personnel ,  that's for sure . Where was @OGOchoCinco with this  ?  Bengals resigning Orien Harris to help cover for injuries on their D line . Bengals traded him in spring . Cam Newton on his Super Bowl postgame news conference Show me a good loser and I'll show you a loser.Bad news ,  Cleveland . RT @FootballEditor Jim Harbaugh says Brad Seely will be 49ers special teams coach . Arizona has seen the light   Cardinals just announced a sellout and no blackout . More Cowher to Carolina speculation ,  and why it makes sense . So long to another legend . RT @wingoz kurt warner's press conference scheduled for 300 Eastern Friday . Cards RB Jonathan Dwyer is being booked into the Maricopa County Jail on 1 count of aggravate assault causing a ...  Dolphins have downgraded OT Jonathan Martin  illness  from Doubtful to Out for tonights game against the Cincinnati Bengals . Brian Urlacher's preferance has been and continues to be to finish his career with the Bears ,  per source . Bears made him only one 2m offer . Tom Brady to John Brady in Ann Arbor . And so it begins ,  already Steelers' OL Ramon Foster expects 2021 work stoppage over drug policy ...  On this Veterans Day ,  a simple thank you to those who have served ,  are serving ,  or will serve our country . More on the 2 million insurance policy that Michigan TE Jake Butt will be collecting at least some of . Bills WR Sammy Watkins plans to play ,  but he wants to test his calf pregame and is still not 100 percent ,  per sources . Here's a sentiment not many have shared recently Colin Kaepernick wants to play in Cleveland . Respects Hue Jackson . Browns Niners talking . Bills have been so remarkably busy ,  they actually have rendered the acquisition of Richie Incognito an afterthought . And now ,  TE Kellen Winslow officially has signed a one year deal with the New England Patriots . Interesting . RT @Apoc13 Got this off the broncos board Tebow is everything his critics say he is and everything his fans say he is . Panthers FB Mike Tolbert has hairline fracture in leg RB Jonathan Stewart has sprained knee . Detroit Lions win  !  Lions win  !  Beat the Falcons 27 26. Then again ,  Lions finished last year's preseason unbeaten   and look where it got them . Non LBJ update Get our matching buses gassed up ,  @mortreport . We leave three weeks from today for 19 days of NFL training camps . NY Times obit on Steve Sabol includes that ,  in late 1960s ,  Sabol came up with now often heard phrase frozen tundra. What didn't Sabol do . Redskins WR Marko Mitchell   Three touchdowns in three games . Congrats on making the team ,  kid . julez2321 @AdamSchefter what's the verdict on cable  ?  &lt   Nothing yet . Waiting . Word expected at 630.The illness listed on Buffalo's injury report for WR Stevie Johnson is the flu . Johnson is listed as probable for Sunday vs . Dallas . The latest on Wade Phillips  . Saints announced they signed former Jets OT Jason Smith to a one year deal . And i also like the Houston Texans . A lot . Good enough to win the AFC South . And as @giantspathanlon points out ,  happy 64th birthday to one the NFL's best and classiest coaches ,  Tom Coughlin . Friday 10 Spot So who gets your MVP vote ,  Peyton Manning or Tom Brady  ?   Bengals reached agreement on a two year ,  6.5 million deal with LB Rey Maualuga . Thank you ,  @mgomockrock . Great night for a great cause at @umich . @dhanijones was a star ,  and Brady Hoke sounds like the real deal . Finally Ryan Fitzpatrick and Jets reach agreement on 1 year ,  12 million ,  fully guaranteed contract ,  sources tell ESPN . Bengals signed first round pick Dre Kirkpatrick . Seahawks and former Bills RB agree to 1 year deal ,  source tells ESPN . Raiders RB Darren McFadden is inactive . With Le'Veon Bell now likely out for the season ,  Rams RB Isaiah Pead is on his way to Pittsburgh for a tryout ,  per league source . Through seven weeks ,  the Giants have looked like the class of the NFC . But final nine weeks matter more . NFL announced Adrian Peterson was advised today that effective tomorrow he is reinstated as an active NFL player . NFL believes 2015 salary cap will be between 138.6   141.8 million NFLPA believes a substantial increase ...  Patriots and WR Julian Edelman now have reached agreement on a multi year contract extension ,  per sources . @MikeGarafolo predicted deal . Former Rams' LB coach Frank Bush accepted the Asst HCLB job with the Miami Dolphins ,  per league source . The lowdown . RT @corryjoel James Harrison counts as 4.93M in dead money for Steelers . Releasing him gives Pittsburgh 5.105M in cap room . Had Washington not traded for OT Jammal Brown this month ,  something tells me Pittsburgh would have been willing to pay more now . More on Kirk Cousins expected to let Monday's deadline for a long term deal come and go without one ...  Safety Jamarca Sanford has re signed with Saints on a 1 year deal ,  per @RosenhausSports . One GM said this is an incredibly deep draft for CBs and outside LBs and one of the worst drafts he has seen for RBs . Ben Roethlisberger expected to miss at least 4 weeks with knee injury ,  source tells ESPN . He will undergo an MRI Monday hoping ACL intact . Chiefs agreed to terms with Peyton Hillis . Buccaneers have granted offensive coordinator Jeff Tedford an indefinite leave of absence ,  per @Edwerderespn . First candidate the Colts tried to hire for vacant GM job was New England's director of player personnel Nick Caserio . Opted to remain in NE . Had a surprise bonus visitor to the bus today ,  a determined and outspoken Panthers WR Steve Smith . RT @rfwill13 I don't remember you in The Longest Yard .  ...  Don't worry . Neither does The Academy   or anyone else . Vernon Gholston had a 9 million escalator clause in his contract for one sack or forced fumble or fumble recovery . Never got it . Saints ,  Vikes ,  Colts and Broncos   all . RT @NYsportsguy21 @AdamSchefter Saints now undisputed best team in NFL  ?  Or still VikesBroncos  ?  Carson Wentz suddenly on a much faster track to start . Last preseason ,  Texans S D.J . Swearinger took out TE Dustin Keller's knee . Last night he gave Wes Welker his third concussion in a year . If you're not eatin his Stinkin' Good Chile ,  try @markschlereth's podcastsPodcastOne  iTunes   . And it's off Saints Super Bowl parade now on ESPN News . Santana Moss reaches agreement with Washington on a 3 yr deal for 15 million with 5 million signing bonus and 6 million guaranteed . Steelers reached agreement on a multi year deal with veteran LB Larry Foote . Over weekend ,  Charles Woodson said how much it meant to him to finish career in Oakland . Couldn't resist emotional pull nor Reggie McKenzie . New England rushed for just 14 yards in its Divisional Playoff win ,  the fewest by a winning team in NFL postseason history . Interesting question RT @RyanClark25 NFL wants 2 suspend players 4 helmet 2 helmet due 2 injuries yet NFL wants 2 more games . Make sense  ?  Give Falcons GM Thomas Dimitroff the 11 picks he is scheduled to have in this draft and he becomes a threat to move around . Cowboys' rookie RB Ezekiel Elliott denies domestic assault accusation ...  Browns announced they signed former Redskins QB Rex Grossman . Sean McVay ,  John Lynch and Kyle Shanahan speak with ESPN's NFL Insiders at NFL Combine . As @SportsTaxMan points out ,  Tony Romo pays no state tax in Texas so he saves about 1.8 million annually on his 18 mil per year deal . On the eve of the ESPYs ,  worth rewatching the great Stuart Scott accept the Jimmy V Award ...  Panthers signed RB Jonathan Stewart to a one year extension through 2018.Packers QB Aaron Rodgers is out for the game with a left shoulder injury ,  per AP . Ravens signed veteran CB Travis Fisher and rookie free agent S Brad Jones from U of Cincinnati . And 49ers WR @kylewilliams10 tweeted he tore his ACL and will be out for the season . Raiders HC Dennis Allen announced that he has suspended linebacker Rolando McClain two games for conduct detrimental to the team . Browns are giving UCLA QB Josh Rosen pause ,  as he would prefer to play for the NY Giants ,  per sources.Please follow @ESPNNFL as The place to go to for anything NFL related at ESPN . Eagles inactives include QB Michael Vick ,  who will be the team's third QB today ,  and newly acquired RB Jerome Harrison . Talk about a great Final Four next weekend Patriots at Broncos ,  49ers at Seahawks . Who's got it better than us  ?  Franchise deadline comes and goes without new deal for Kirk Cousins ,  who now becomes 1st QB to play 2 straight seasons under franchise tag . RT @ArnDa1anOnly Have you heard anything about Matt Forte traded to the Pats  ?   ...  Just what both teams said this week no chance of it . LaDainian Tomlinson and Jets reached agreement on a two year ,  5.1 million contract with an escalator that could boost deal to 5.6 million . Scott Fujita with a notable announcement  . Message to Deshaun Watson from Odell Beckham Jr ,  texted to @JosinaAnderson  . Still no RBs picked at No . 38   the latest the draft ever has gone without at least one RB being taken . Raiders list Denarius Moore as probable ,  Redskins list Pierre Garcon as questionable ,  Chargers list Ryan Mathews as questionable . Odds in Las Vegas at  . Rough for Johnsons No practice today for Titans RB Chris Johnson  ribs  ,  Lions WR Calvin Johnson  ankle  ,  Bills WR Steve Johnson  groin .Shawne Merriman I'm approaching this as an opportunity to grow as a player and to bring my leadership ,  talents to a new organization.And now ,  it's looking more and more like Saints asst HC Joe Vitt is a favorite to become New Orleans' interim HC . Backups ,  beware . Since 2007 ,  Baltimore is 11 2 against backup quarterbacks ,  including a nine game winning streak against them . Lions signed six draft picks WR Ryan Broyles ,  DE Ronnell Lewis ,  LB Tahir Whitehead ,  CB Chris Greenwood ,  CB Jonte Green and LB Travis Lewis . Atlanta promotes Lionel Vital to Director of Player Personnel . Takes over for Dave Caldwell ,  who took over for Les Snead ,  who became Rams GM . Former Falcon safety Thomas DeCoud visiting Lions today . How many barbeques can one man stand in one weekend . I'm meated out . Free agent defensive end Kyle Vanden Bosch agrees to a four year ,  26 million deal with Lions . Jonathan Cyprien from FIU has been diagnosed by doctors with a hamstring strain . But he is still going to run at combine . Statement from former Cowboys RB Darren McFadden ,  announcing his retirement  . Texans' G David Quessenberry played in his first NFL game after a three year cancer battle ...  RT @espn Source Tom Cable will return as Oakland Raiders head coach     . Thought same RT @MichaelDavSmith Remind me why Mike Smith didn't go for 2 when it was 26 7 and a penalty on PAT moved ball to 1 yard line  ?  Seahawks have signed RB Christine Michael . Another back in the fold in Seattle . Former Chargers DC Ron Rivera has agreed to become Panthers next HC . Two sides now putting finishing touches on the contract . #KnowThemFromAdamTwo sons of football royalty @steelers Art Rooney II & @AZCardinals Terry McDonough.LISTEN  . NFL has engaged law enforcement to see how its Twitter account got  hacked . NFL also reviewing ,  strengthening its cyber security measures . Sight 'ems . RT @NormClarke Packers QB Aaron Rodgers was out on town in Vegas Sat nite with Hillary Scott ,  lead singer of Lady Antebellum . Bears DT Henry Melton is scheduled to visit Minnesota on Thursday ,  per source . Who plays more games this season Alex Rodriguez or Johnny Manziel  ?  An article about Justin Tuck's event ... Cowboys WR Dez Bryant is playing . Dolphins are giving Cameron Wake a 2 year ,  15 million extension including 10 million fully guaranteed at signing ,  per source . Just like Panthers are allowing DE Julius Peppers to leave in free agency ,  Texans are doing the same with CB Dunta Robinson . No tag . One more job down . @SDchargersdude Greg Manusky is the Chargers new defensive coordinator . RT @RoseEricM What makes you think he's going anywhere  ?   ...  He will go where he's paid to go . And this is going to be challenging for Pitt . Titans will not place their franchise tag on cornerback Cortland Finnegan ,  allowing him to become an unrestricted free agent . And now the Bill Parcells Watch is on . Just got a tweet that perfectly described my tweet drawl tonight RT @AdamLedet .. Like @dwighthoward says you need some tweehab ... Bears reached an agreement with Mike DeBord today ,  making him their tight ends coach . This week NFL vice president of officiating Dean Blandino will be sending an explanatory video to all teams that ...  OK ,  on way to Hall of Fame for book signing . RT @lanky363 August 3rd is a Saturday .  ...  Correct . And the game is August 4th on a Sunday . So these next two games could be worth an additional 1 million to Bush   that's on top of the 300,000 bonus for Divisional Playoff game . Vikings   doing extensive QB work   now working out Louisville QB Teddy Bridgewater on Saturday . Talk about cold feet . The CFL's Winnipeg Football Club announced today that they will no longer be pursuing the services of Adam Jones . And another trade.Won't be the last one today . For the second straight day ,  QBs Jake Delhomme and Seneca Wallace missed practice . Colt McCoy one step closer to starting vs . Steelers . Nothing like an opinionated ,  funny OL . RT @ericwinston Does every Alabama QB have the old money comb over andor 3 names  ?  Colts announced Andrew Luck on IR . Out for year . No more mystery . A salute for a man in the trenches After 14 seasons ,  Vikings DT Pat Williams just won his first NFL playoff game . Kudos . Statement regarding Texans' RB D'Onta Foreman ,  who was arrested for marijuana possession and unlawful weapon . Titans reach agreement with QB Jake Locker on a four year deal worth over 12 million . Rookie holdouts becoming irrelevant under new system . Some added week 1 drama Philadelphia signed former Washington QB Nate Sudfeld to its practice squad . Kyle Shanahan on LB Reuben Foster's high ankle sprain Those tend to be a month ,  a little more ,  but I can't put exactly a date on it.DeAngelo Williams writes this to honor his mom while looking at the battle he has ahead . All together ,  teams now have changed 7 head coaches and 2 general managers . RT @Elieehala @AdamSchefter  @bestbuddies 500  ...  Do i hear 600 ? Mike McCarthy said team plans to work out Aaron Rodgers on Tuesday and evaluate him Wednesday . Chance he plays Sunday vs . Dallas . Eagles win coin toss and pick 14th in first round Colts lose flip and pick 15th . RT @FinsFTW Ocho is probably contacting his agent as we speak . La Hora De Ocho coming to Univision summer 2010. Bank on it . QB Tyler Thigpen took a 1 million pay cut to stay with the Bills . Arizona S Antrel Rolle was fined 7,500 for unnecessary roughness   unnecessarily striking Giants TE Kevin Boss . Friday was scheduled to be the NFL's first day of free agency . Instead ,  the discussion will focus on decertification ,  lockouts and lawsuits . Retirement benefits will be provided for new hires ,  and for all officials beginning in 2017 ,  through a defined contrib  . The fact that New Orleans activated RB DeShawn Wynn cannot bode well for the chances that Pierre Thomas plays today . The adjustments of being a rookie in a new town begin . RT @MillerLite40 Snowing in Denver  !  Broncos and Jamaal Charles now have agreed to terms ,  per source . 49ers placed former first round draft pick Arik Armstead on IR . 12 Former Redskins exec Karl Swanson does need the family time he now is taking . His mother in law is sick ,  his wife is tending to her . As it is for fellow tweeter @OGOchoCinco ,  it was movie night for me . First movie in months . Saw An Education   superb . For those that missed it the first time around ,  one more look at Friday's 10 Spot . Vikings ,  Saints ,  Bills and other bits . Halloween is to kids what every football Sunday is to us adults . Chargers and DE Corey Liuget are on the brink of a five year ,  50 plus million extension ...  Cardinals officials scheduled to have dinner tonight with QB Ryan Nassib and OL Lane Johnson . Over past seven seasons ,  Broncos WR Wes Welker has caught 745 passes   53 more than any other player in NFL in that span . And so it's the Giants Redskins on Sunday for first place in the NFC East . Baltimore DE Dwan Edwards is wrapping up his visit with the Seahawks today and is then scheduled to go visit the Denver Broncos . A change up  Final Four will feature four teams that have been to the Final Four at least nine times each . Before today ,  richest guarantees were 65 million given to Eli Manning and Philip Rivers . Colts gave Andrew Luck 87 million in guarantees . With Jimmy Garoppolo as only QB on roster eligible play in Patriots' opener ,  New England uses 3rd round pick on NC St . QB Jacoby Brissett . Washington TE Jordan Reed ,  listed as questionable for Sunday vs Eagles due to a shoulder injury ,  is expected to play ,  per sources . Marshall didn't practice today ,  but unlike normally ,  he wasn't taking mental reps on the field or working out . Fluid situation . More to come . DeMarco Murray's hand was in a cast today after undergoing a procedure ,  but Titans HC Mike Mularkey said he expects his RB back for camp . Former Nebraska standout and Rams RB Lawrence Phillips found dead in prison at age 40 ... sad . Now Matt Ryan deal done ,  per Mort 5 year ,  103.75 million extension ,  including a whopping 59 million guaranteed . The two year deal the Falcons gave former Giants DE Osi Umenyiora is worth 8.5 million ,  max value of 12 mil ,  and includes 5 million gtd . As CB Josh Norman is with Redskins ,  Saints are making strong push to sign him ,  per sources . Decision down to Redskins and Saints . Cowboys placed DE DeMarcus Lawrence on ReserveInjured returnable today eligible to return to practice anytime after Week 6 . RT @TheRealStasche hey whats the news on frank gore  ?   ...  Sore hip . Don't know that we'll see him again tonight . Cardinals signed former Jets and Raiders free agent cornerback Justin Miller to a one year contract . Amar'e Stoudemire will speak with Miami Heat tonight at ,  or shortly after ,  midnight . He officially opted out of his Phoenix contract today . Had Saints played today ,  Jimmy Graham wouldn't have been able to go due to sprained shoulder now highly questionable he plays next Sunday . Seahawks hired Dan Quinn as their defensive coordinator . RT @Vausage23 Best Michigan bball game ever  ?   ...  Up there . But not better than Final Four win over Illinois in 1989. That was the classic . Patriots announced that veteran G Robert Gallery has retired . RT @jimrip Pat SummerallTom Brookshier   best broadcast tandem ever  !   ...  They were right up there ,  that's for sure . SD trading up here to 12 #nfldraft . Tonight . @MelKiperESPN & @McShay13 ,  head to head in the 1st ever televised #KiperMcShay mock draft . 8 pm ET . ESPN2. Evidence was explicit that Ms.Stergers personal telephone numbers were provided to Favre by still current employees of the New York Jets . League says Bucs penalized on defensive line shift for words ,  not actions . Over past eight games ,  Adrian Peterson has rushed for 1,313 yards ,  the most over any eight game span in a single season in NFL history . Post NFL Owners meetings means it's time for this  . Looks like an early WR run ... Indianapolis and Kansas City appear locked into the AFC's No . 4 and No . 5 seeds ,  meaing they would square off on wild card weekend . And so it's the Mets vs . the Cubs . Packers LB Nick Barnett is out for season after suffering a wrist injury similar to one that ended Brian Urlacher's season last year . Let's try this again Ravens Pro Bowl FB Kyle Juszczyk plans to sign with the 49ers assuming no last minute negotiating snags ,  per sources . Tim Tebow has company . Denver signed first round pick Demaryius Thomas to a five year contract . Ravens re signed CB Ladarius Webb ,  whom Baltimore released earlier this off season ,  per source . Via @OTLonESPN Josh Gordon faces season ban  . Consider this a welcome to the NFL moment for 49ers HC Jim Harbaugh RB Frank Gore is planning to hold out when SF reports to camp . Read 'em and weep . RT @Eaglesfan710 @AdamSchefter @OGOchoCinco  . With Jacoby Brissett starting and Jimmy G inactive ,  Patriots backup QB expected to be WR Julian Edelman . 49ers statement  . A South African judge on Friday found Oscar Pistorius guilty of culpable homicide ,  or negligent killing . Some candidates jets ,  giants ,  redskins ,  saints ...  SF banged up in backfield so time for moves Former Browns RB Shaun Draughn agreed to terms with 49ers ,  per agent  @seanstellato . RT @sethmeyers21 Favre   I was completely wrong about you .  You had plenty left in the tank and it was a joy to have you back this season . Broncos director of pro personnel Tom Heckert ,  arrested for DUI and suspended ,  will return to work Thursday . Paxton Lynch is 5th rookie QB to start this year . Other 4 have combined to go 7 4 with two   Prescott and Wentz   ranking in top 10 in QBR . Rams reached agreement with free agent LB Will Witherspoon ,  who returns to St . Louis ,  where he played from 2006 2009.The Oakland Raiders have hired former Jets offensive coordinator Tony Sparano as their assistant head coachoffensive line . Does this not sum up Ray Lewis or what  ?   Here's what's known as near bliss for ESPN NFL free agency starts March 13 ,  NBA trade deadline comes March 15.NFL has initiated a review of application of concussion protocol following hit by Bud Dupree on Matt Moore . Plenty to explore . Found something perfect to wear today ... Go @ussoccer . Do this . RT @mortreport oops Dez worst than they thought ...  Jerry says 4 to 6 weeks . Marriman  ?  Details getting worse and worse . One of the saddest events and days in our lifetimes . Thoughts and prayers ,  over and over ... Over past 5 years ,  21 GMs have been fired   none later than this yearScot McCloughan ,  March 9Doug Whaley ,  April 30John Dorsey ,  June 22.Whether it's this or next season ,  Dennis Allen's former teams ,  Saints and Broncos ,  would welcome him back . And so the Rams have their new HC Sean McVay . The youngest coach in the NfL . On this date ,  we remember RT @MattRichWarren July 21 ,  1970 Bob Kalsu killed in Vietnam . Saints signed 46 year old kicker John Carney to a one year contract . They plan to carry Carney and Garrett Hartley for now ,  like last year . RT @NHBlake V . Jackson playing  ?   ...  Playing a leading role . Browns QB Brian Hoyer has played as if he deserves a contract richer than Andy Dalton's . Although the real truth is ,  I'd love to answer every one . But somebody needs to pass a rule change to get hours in a day from 24 to 240.Rams Eagles trade now official . Rams trade QB Sam Bradford and undisclosed draft pick compensation to Philadelphia for Nick Foles . And in this week's version of my NFL Power Rankings ,  the top five remains very similar. 1. Baltimore   A playoff r ...  Weather has turned in the East . Finallygorgeous day to take the yunguns swimming . RT @kaspershow Just in time for the Hard Knocks finale  !  Reads like a Hollywood script . Five trades that should but won't be made ,  plus one of the season's best stats on the Colts in this week's 10 spot   . RT @pacopineda Perhaps Kroenke's decision 2 buy Rams is fallout from not being maj owner of Arsenal FC  ?   ...  Think this was plan all along . Cleveland takes Johnny Football ... NFL clubs voted today for a one year suspension of the long standing blackout policy for the 2015 pre  and regular seasons . Lose one receiver ,  add another Patriots reach agreement in principle on five year deal with former Ram Danny Amendola ,  per league source . Guaranteed money in Colt McCoy's deal is 1.07 million . Deal can get to 5 million whereas normal 3rd round deals would be 3.25 million . Buccaneers announced they have placed cornerback Mike Jenkins on Injured Reserve  pectoral .Eagles president Joe Banner is transitioning to strategic advisor to Jeffrey Lurie while former COO Don Smolenski is promoted to president . Seahawks WRs Mike Williams and Ben Obomanu each inactive . Broken left collarbone for Tony Romo . Recovery time for an injury like that is generally 8 10 weeks . Ouch in every way . #KnowThemFromAdam@49ers GM John Lynch talks transition from analyst to GM ,  plans for No . 2 draft pick.LISTEN  . Former Bengals and Raiders safety Rickey Dixon is battling ALS ...  Steelers trading late round pick to Jaguars in a trade reported by @1010XL . Ravens announced LB Terrell Suggs underwent surgery to repair his torn Achilles tendon this afternoon in Charlotte with Dr . Bob Anderson . Redskins' GM Scot McCloughan is not attending this year's combine due to what one source said is the loss of his 100 year old grandmother . Jaguars' RB Chris Ivory remains hospitalized ,  in pain ,  undergoing tests ,  per sources . His status is uncertain until tests concluded . Competition Committee expanded horse collar rule to include when a defender grabs jersey at name plate or above and pulls runner to ground . Bears GM interviews continue this week with Tennessee's Lake Dawson on Tuesday ,  and Kansas City's Chris Ballard on Wednesday . Adrian Peterson set to visit the Patriots on Monday ,  per sources . Sal Pal is is reporting that De Smith is holding a conference call with NFL player reps from all 32 teams . Call began at 3 pm EDT . RT @FROCSTANLEY Any word on andre johnson  ?   ...  Sense all along is that they would hold him out until after their bye week . Pool of free agents grows daily   see Freeney ,  Woodson . And NFL far from done . Plenty more cuts   and an expanded FA class   coming . Tony Romo has no plans to retire despite interest from TV networks . NFL will not fine Jets HC Rex Ryan any more than the 50,000 that the team already has . Chiefs just announced contract extension with TE Travis Kelce . Hall of Fame voters now locked away and figuring the Class of 2010.49ers today announced that they have signed General Manager Trent Baalke to a three year contract extension through the 2016 season . 49ers trading TE Vance McDonald and a fifth round pick to the Steelers for a fourth round pick ,  per sources . Steelers upgrade TE . Mort & Schefter's wild card notebook Tyrod Taylor's time up in Buffalo ? A few more details on Jed York reaching out to Bill Parcells for some guidance .  CB Fred Smoot inactive for the Redskins . Christian Ponder is inactive  ?  !  ?  Whoa ... Up to date list of Most Pass Attempts in player's 1st 3 games without INTWarren Moon 103Carson Wentz 102Case Keenum 102Dak Prescott 99 . And here come back to back OTs ,  much to Seattle's dismay . NFL also reduced Aqib Talibs two game suspension to one game ,  per source . So both players will serve one game . standing with @SIRoss Tucker ,  next to @SIPeterKing ,  whose talking with Joe Theismann while we watch practice . Lots of media trash talk . Just finishing watching my DVR'd version of 60 Minutes ... and the piece on Coldplay was outstanding ,  truly . Bears signing DE Akiem Hicks to a four year ,  48M extension that includes 30M gtd ,  per source . Friday Blitz Marshawn Lynch ,  Knowshon Moreno share similarities ,  aside from each being a 12th overall pick . Joe Flacco has irritation in joint of his throwing shoulder and was withheld from practice to try to improve situation ,  per @Edwerderespn . At the end of these four hours on @mikeandmike ,  my beard might just be scruffier than @espngreeny's seven days of growth . #teenwolf . Wait ,  did Rihanna yell brick !  with Kevin Durant at the line  ?  You be the judge ...  Bears WRs Alshon Jeffery and Eddie Royal both inactive . Doesn't bode well for any VJ trade RT @JuddZulgad WR Hank Baskett is on his way to the Twin Cities and the plan is for him to sign on Weds . RT @SpreadHDGFX someone better tell McNabb about the new OT rules  ...  Hey ,  someone better tell all the players . Someone won't realize . Patriots QB Jimmy Garoppolo now has as many Super Bowl wins as Brett Favre and Peyton Manning . Eagles announced they signed former CFL DELB Chris McCoy and release Demetress Bell . RT @schadjoe Four year postseason ban for Penn Stated 60 million fine . Eagles Giants game next Sunday will start at 1 pm . NFL owners are expected today to pass a rule that will prohibit the leaper block attempt on field goal and extra point plays ,  per sources . RT @johnreport The most turnovers the Vikes had in a game this year was 2. Today  ?  5. Wow .  ...  It's the Saints being the Saints . Rams believe WR Danny Amendola suffered a sternoclavicular joint separation ,  which could sideline him about six weeks ,  though could be less . Texans have signed former Giants S Stevie Brown ,  team announced today . Patriots have found a Shane Vereen replacement ,  signing former Saints RB Travaris Cadet ,  as @FieldYates reported . Saints couldn't afford him . Cardinals vice president of player personnel Steve Keim is scheduled to interview this week for the San Diego Chargers' GM job . Rams reached agreement with former Jaguars wide receiver Mike Sims Walker on a one year deal . Actually ,  it's the other way   I love all teams equally RT @SpartaChris @AdamSchefter So you hate all teams equally  ?   Bears DT Henry Melton tore his ACL   out for the year . Lions said they sold out last game vs . Bears ,  which means no blackout in Detroit area . If Oakland makes a head coaching change   if   the coach to watch as a replacement is Green Bay's assistant HC Winston Moss . Texans reached agreement with former Raiders Pro Bowl punter Shane Lechler ,  as @McClainonNFL reported . RT @cfb121 Who do you project trades up for RG3 ?   ...  With its ammo ,  Cleveland is the team to beat . Bears placed LB Leonard Floyd on IR . Not now he's not . RT @aasifshabbir @AdamSchefter Javen Sneed is a first round talent  ? mind . Vince Young has a 4.25 million roster bonus due March 10   Titans need to figure out whether to pay it or trade that contract . RT @SteveRushin If forced to watch a purple dinosaur ,  do you choose Barney or Favre  ?  RT @espnafcsouth Texans QB TJ Yates says shoulder checked out ,  will play next week . GOAL  !  Pat Bowlen's selection has been long overdue ...  One of the players could least afford to lose has been lost ,  as @RapSheet reported . RT @NJGiants Jerry Reese says Benedict Kiwanuka has long recovery after suffering severe arm injury . Mathias will be back at OTAs this wk . Former USC safety Taylor Mays ,  whom Minnesota released this week ,  is staying in NFC North and signing with Detroit Lions ,  @fadde confirmed . Ravens officially activated RB Danny Woodhead ,  who will play Sunday vs the Packers ,  per sources . And Aaron Hernandez still faces trial for alleged murders of Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado in July 2012.Zeke Elliott   6 games upheld ,  per source . RT @BNorway Do Lions keep Stanton and Hill based on Stafford being fragile  ?   ...  Think they have to . Not the first time this off season Greg Schiano interviewed with NFL team . Sources say he was a finalist for Rams HC job . So on July 1 ,  it already has become off season of LB injuries Kiko Alonso ,  Sean Lee ,  Sean Weatherspoon ,  Jon Beason . Single best sight of the young season ,  from today's NFL Insiders  . More Favre contract 6 million is guaranteed for skill and injury ,  meaning if he's bad and teams cuts him ,  Favre gets 6 million . NFL has determined there will be no fines for Jim Schwartz and Jim Harbaugh . idiots . RT @abrad45 Eagles trade DeSean and sign Mike Wallace  ?  Thoughts  ?   ...  Don't see Eagles wanting to part with their 1.Well ,  Jerry Rice is about to take Tim Brown's Sabotage the Super Bowl theory one step further on ESPN's NFL Live at 4 ET . Browns placed OT Joe Thomas on injured reserve . Now the one player they always could count on is no longer there . PETA is calling on Dez Bryant to give up his recently acquired pet baby monkey . Monkeys belong in the wild not ...  Don't be surprised if Austin Howard gets more and more time at right tackle for the Jets and winds up as the starter . Howard has impressed . Falcons have been fined 350,000 and will forfeit their fifth round selection in the 2016 Draft . Ron Rivera said Panthers are preparing to play their third straight game Sunday without LB Luke Kuechly . Vikings have requested and received permission to interview Browns OC Norv Turner for Minnesota OC job ,  per source . The world champion coach on the SportsCenter set today ...  Make of it what you want ,  but Panthers coaches and front office members at Auburn today to work out QB Cam Newton . Agree with this ...  RT @RossTuckerNFL If season ended today Percy Harvin would  or at least should   get some MVP votes . Mobile ,  AL . has declined to indict former Raiders QB Jamarcus Russell and his case is now over . Just completed chat at ESPN.com . Lots of questions about Tim Tebow ,  Nnamdi Asomugha ,  various coaching situations  . Bombshell RT @DenverBroncos Broncos Owner Pat Bowlen has relieved Josh McDaniels of his head coaching duties . Bengals believe theres a chance TE Tyler Eifert ,  who didn't make trip to Dallas ,  will return next Sunday at NE ,  per team official . Former Chiefs Pro Bowl G Brian Waters tried out for the Patriots today . Interesting piece and Jaguars difficulty of being in the Jacksonville market . Titans QB Jake Locker inactive QB Charlie Whitehurst starts again vs . Washington . Chargers agreed on a one year deal with QB Kyle Boller . Peyton Manning dances at practice to Rocky Top ... as does a tap happy Wes Welker . Priceless  . As much as AJ Green wants to play through hamstring injury ,  Bengals not expected to let him play in either of final two games ,  per source . Norv Turner ,  Greg Olson ,  Marc Trestman ,  Greg Roman ,  Bobby April . NFL waits on no one and nothing . Buccaneers announced they placed WR Vincent Jackson on Injured Reserve after an MRI revealed an ACL injury . Todd Bowles announced Ryan Fitzpatrick will start Sunday ,  bad thumb and all . A new potential return man . RT @giantspathanlon Hate to interrupt tennis ... NY Giants awarded WRKR Chris Davis off waivers from Cincy . With Adam Vinatieri nursing a knee injury ,  the Colts are giving serious consideration to signing free agent kicker Matt Stover later today . Hard to imagine that the receiver that leads the league in receptions and receiving yards is ... Hines Ward . What a player . Rolando McClain I am very grateful for the opportunity the  Ravens  gave me ... God willing ,  maybe I'll play for them one day.RT @MMartine23 Does Penn state have any shot at beating michigan in the next decade  ?   ...  Sure . I expect Bill O'Brien to be a standout . For those of you interested in following all 32 NFL teams' official Facebook pages at once ,  you can subscribe to ...  NY Giants are signing the Calgary Stampeders' Brett Jones ,  named last season's top OL in the Canadian Football League . And here is @ochocinco signing with the Montreal Alouettes ... Oh ,  Canada . Is this right  ?  Buffalo outscored Cincinnati 35 0 in the second half  ?  !  ?  Whoa . Tells you a lot about two different teams . Key player in the fourth round is the Eagles ,  who have four picks . #nfldraft . Denver reached agreement with linebacker Joe Mays on a three year deal . Fact After watching Hard Knocks last night ,  players are texting their agents this morning that they want to go play for Rex Ryan . Browns and Falcons also had some level of interest . But neither could reel in former Texans safety . Tampa has . Cowboys signed former Dolphins and Giants DT Marvin Austin . Wait ,  so @TaylorTwellman has worn the same suit ,  shirt and tie for all  matches  ?  Hope @mortreport doesn't try anything like that .  . Giants puntkick returner was Dwayne Harris   out for year . Backup PR Odell Beckham Jr  probably out for year . Backup KR   Shepard ,  ankle . This is BIG time 112 across in the Sunday NY Times crossword puzzle   the Sunday crossword  !    is my buddy Peter King . Wow  !  Bengals released former Raiders' WR Denarius Moore . Commissioner Goodell lifted the suspension of Chiefs WR Dwayne Bowe . Chiefs have until next Monday to reinstate him . Panthers announce that team President Danny Morrison has resigned . Bears LB Lance Briggs acknowledges this year is probably last with team . Darrelle Revis  ?  Another pick . Routine for the guy . Another Pro Bowl in his futute . Former Ravens and Bills wide receiver Lee Evans will sign a one year deal Monday with the Jacksonville Jaguars . What is the NFL's 2016 concussion protocol ? 49ers announced personnel executive Tom Gamble is leaving the organization . Something of a homecoming   the Broncos worked out former University of Colorado punter Mitch Berger today . RT @TheFADEisFREE Since they are restricted ,  what do you think happens from here  ?   ...  Have no choice . Cruz back to NYG ,  Alexander to SD . Quite the unique way to conduct a tryout today . RT @JedYork Coach Harbaugh is turning into Capt Comeback to throw to Randy Moss . So between possible extension for Pete Carroll and the expected release of Titans RB Chris Johnson ,  Friday will be another slow day in NFL . Johnny Manziel reaches tentative deal on dismissal of domestic assault case  . Most startling and overlooked stat of the day Seahawks QB Charlie Whitehurst is actually a year older than Cardinals QB Derek Anderson . Eagles HC Andy Reid said at today's press conference that it would be a real stretch to see WR DeSean Jackson play Sunday vs . Tenn . Carolina claimed former Rams defensive end George Selvie on waivers today . Thirty minute show  ?  !  ?  !  I feel totally shortchanged  !  As they say ,  always leave them wanting more . And I want more  !  Bellevue Police Department agreed with Seahawks and said Seattle RB Marshawn Lynch wasn't involved in Sunday night assault incident . Broncos' victory parade will be held Tuesday in downtown Denver ,  and begin at noon Mountain Time . An in depth look at Andrew Luck   the Ultimate Scouting Report by Mel Kiper and Todd McShay  . Cowboys creating cap space ...  Dolphins activated linebacker Matt Roth from the ReserveNon Football Injury list and released tight end John Nalbone. RIP William Wallace ,  one of the first reporters to cover professional football and winner of the 1986 Dick McCann Memorial Award . In his advisory role for NFL ,  Trent Baalke will work on game related matters ,  player development and evaluation ,  officiating video review . Bears WR Cameron Meredith on the ground ,  grabbing his left knee . A follow up RT @ScottHiga Here's my apology in a written form . Not that I expect you care ,  but it's cathartic . NFL players headed to Capitol Hill to talk police relations and race issues . They love their Peyton in Denver ...  Some secondary help on the way Giants signed former Colts CB Justin Tryon . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Kevin Abrams is the Giants interim GM ,  per source . RT @MikeReiss Patriots blog on ESPNBoston.com Brady would welcome Moss return  . Three drves ,  three picks for Orton  !  Arizona Cardinals will interview Redskins pro personnel exec Morocco Brown for GM spot on Friday in Washington . Howard Stern to CNN's Piers Morgan When is this show going off the air ? Chuck Blazer ,  once the most powerful American official at FIFA ,  was banned for life today by FIFA for widespread corruption . Another blast from the past . RT @espn Maurice Clarett asks judge to allow travel for UFL tryout    . Browns coach Pat Shurmur said Cleveland will place OL Eric Steinbach ,  who had back surgery Tuesday ,  on injured reserve . ESPN's Chris Mortensen said a source told him the 49ers are not inclined to pursue Darrelle Revis at this time . So there's that . A cheat sheet RT @pigskinology Save yourself some work ,  we predicted 2010 first rounders' guaranteed money  . from the road   darius Heyward bey deal done with Raiders . josh Freeman also done in tampa . picks signing . Now that Felix Jones is an Eagle ,  free agent RBs still include Ahmad Bradshaw ,  Brandon Jacobs ,  Michael Turner ,  Cedric Benson ,  Peyton Hillis . Buccaneers K Connor Barth tore his Achilles ,  is done for season . Tampa signed former Giants K Lawrence Tynes . RIP Logan Schoenhardt ,  the terminally ill 10 year old fan who got to see Patriots win the Super Bowl ...  49ers calling TE Vernon Davis a true game time decision . Wants to play vs . brother but it will not be easy . This is what the NFL calls fireworks . Dolphins minus elite pass rusher Cam Wake . Expected to adversely affect Suh and Vernon . Why Dolphins explored trade for Barkevious Mingo . Pushing back trade deadline from week 6 to week 8 was tabled until May . More discussion with NFLPA needed . Vikings G TJ Clemmings getting released ,  per source . Now we have another reason why Patriots announced release of WR Donald Jones He had a 200k report to camp bonus . Ravens announced they reached agreement on a contract extension with CB Jimmy Smith . The best HOF speeches are the ones when you can feel how much it means to the speaker . Could feel it with Marc and Floyd Little ,  and Emmitt . Conversation with Browns QBs Jake Delhomme and Colt McCoy about to air on Sportscenter . Those guys were pretty good . Steelers LT Alejandro Villanueva is presenting Army helmet decals for teammates to wear on Veterans Day weekend ...  And there's a big difference between Type 1 diabetes and Type 2. Major . One day ,  we can only hope they find a cure for any diabetes . Sam Bradford and Adrian Peterson are reunited again ,  like they were at Oklahoma . 49ers signed Ian Williams to a 2 year ,  3.2 million extension ,  including a 1 million signing bonus . Cowboys sign CB Brandon Carr to a 5 year ,  50.1 million deal . Rams said RT Jason Smith has been cleared to play and is expected to start Sunday against San Francisco . Former Raiders HC Tony Sparano is being hired as 49ers' TE coach ,  per sources . Stays right in Bay Area . RT @NFLLIVEonESPN CALLING ALL RAIDERS FANS ... Nnamdi Asomugha on set of NFL Live today ... Submit your Raiders questions for the show . Once Matt Flynn trade completed ,  Seattle will consider signing Matt Leinart as its No . 2 QB . @mortreport also says Tyler Thigpen in play . And the sports day gets more wild . RT @espn Source Chicago Blackhawks trade Dustin Byfuglien in blockbuster    . Cardinals expect WR John Brown to play tonight vs . Seattle with sore hamstring ,  but also need to see how he feels pre game ,  per source . Supplemental Draft scheduled for Wednesday ,  Aug . 17 has been postponed . Clubs will be advised of the new date as soon as it is determined . Eagles announced they signed C Steve Vallos and place C Jason Kelce on injured reserved list for the entire year . Players seek mediation with NFL ,  per source Colin Kaepernick would attend ,  per his legal reps ...  Chargers CB Jason Verrett officially to IR . Dashon Goldson is appealing his suspension . Saskatchewan Roughriders' QB Vince Young tore his hamstring in training camp and has been waived ,  per his agent @leighsteinberg . Teams scheduled to have most picks in final four rounds today GB  10  ,  SEA  10  ,  ATL  7  ,  BALT  7  ,  SF  7  ,  CINC  6  ,  PHIL  6 .Seattle signed veteran WR Antonio Bryant . Stat of day on Pat Bowlen In his 31 years as Broncos' owner ,  his teams have had more Super Bowl appearances  6  than losing seasons  5 .Stat of the month Jets HC Rex Ryan has lost 90   90 !    pounds this off season . Props . Eagles HC Andy Reid said Michael Vick will start his team's next game Nov . 7 against Indianapolis . RT @VittorioTafur Here's the picture of Rolando McClain    . Packers DE Mike Neal passed his physical today and is ready to practice . Same is true for Raiders OT Menelik Watson and DT Pat Sims . Texans DE Tim Jamison tore his Achilles and is out for the season . After missing the past two games with a shoulder injury ,  49ers' RB Carlos Hyde expects to play Sunday vs . Cardinals ,  per sources . Like this ...  RT @BlakeDickey2 DJ Swearinger and Sam Montgomery were on same high school team and are now reunited in NFL . RT @JosinaAnderson Packers and Charles Woodson have agreed on a new deal .  ...  Correct . It's a 2 yr extension ,  tying him to GB for 5 years . Starting 8p Thurs till after 1st rd ,  no tweets from me . Every worthwhile development will be broadcast on ESPN . We hear u . Enjoy the draft . NFL never would put this to vote unless Roger Goodell knew he had the 24 votes he needed . Of course he does . Drama over recertification . Bills officially announced they have released LB Shawne Merriman . Titans WR Justin Hunter fractured his ankle . His 2014 season also was cut short when he lacerated his kidney . Two bad injuries in two years . First Browns player that HC Eric Mangini cited for shining during OTAs was WR Brian Robiskie ,  who has had an outstanding camp.NFL filed motion to dismiss petition to vacate and TRO request by NFLPA ,  arguing it improper to seek relief from a decision yet to be made . As @McClainonNFL reported ,  James Casey has agreed to a 3 year contract worth 14.5 million with the Eagles . Panthers using franchise tag on DE Greg Hardy ,  per ESPN source . Saints shopping RB Pierre Thomas and WR Lance Moore to other teams ,  per sources ,  and even could be open to trading RB Darren Sproles also . Btw ,  now in Colorado ,  and the one thing that strikes me about the people here . They are happy ,  a real happy lot . Brian Schottenheimer interviewed yesterday for Georgia OC and accepted job this morning . Assuming four more years of presidential prognostications on the NCAA basketball tournament ,  right  ?  NFL Live is now 90 minutes.Weekdays at 130 pm ET on ESPN . Former Bills and Texans DE Mario Williams and Miami Dolphins reached agreement on 2 year deal ,  per sources . RT @bossace Over under on number of Vick jokes you get in response to this is 131 . As @McClainonNFL reported ,  the Texans have reached agreement with QB Matt Leinart . No Pete Carroll Matt Leinart reunion . Ryan Tannehill is active . Sure sounds like Vikings wide receiver Percy Harvin is going to play today . Big spot Monday night against Carolina for Felix Jones and Tashard Choice . Panthers have been vulnerable against run . Bears DT Sedrick Ellis has not reported to training camp . Ellis has advised the club of his intention to retire from the NFL . RT @BigFysh Does that mean if the Pats take him back ,  they could get two draft picks for him  ?   ...  Would be The Patriot Way . Mark off your calenders ...  RT @brodieh @AdamSchefter week 13 Eagles @ Atlanta media circus  !  X rays on QB Sam Bradford's right index finger did not reveal a fracture he has numbness . Rams WR Danny Amendola dislocated his left elbow . A look at the battered Legion of Boom as the Seahawks head into Monday Night Football ,  via @SandoESPN . Cleveland requested and received permission from Seattle to interview Seahawks director of pro personnel Will Lewis for Browns GM job . RT @kevcarpenter Can you give an alum's perspective of the Hoke hire  ?  Please  ?   ...  Don't know enough about him . But why not hire him in Nov  ?  Leon Washington goes down with what looked like an ugly knee injury   and the first thing I thought was ,  Wish he had gotten a new contract . Calvin Johnsn's contract is the richest deal ever handed out in the NFL ,  exceeding the 120 million deal given to Larry Fitzgerald . Dolphins practice scheduled to wrap up shortly after 1030 am . HC Adam Gase not scheduled to meet with media but OC Clyde Christensen is . Dan Williams will go to Arizona #nfldraft . Here's how much Bills wanted Kevin Kolb in Buffalo Staff spent last weekend with him ,  then hosted Kolb in BUF on Thurs and Fri to visit . Titans RB DeMarco Murray ,  listed as questionable for Sunday ,  is more than likely to play vs Seattle ,  per source . Former Jaguars' CB Will Blackmon is bullish on Gus Bradley ,  Dave Caldwell ,  Blake Bortles ,  Jacksonville's future ...  Free agent DE Travis LaBoy was suspended four games . Suspension will begin immediately and will last until NFL reinstates LaBoy . Falcons Pro Bowl safety Thomas Decoud to be released by 4 pm EST ,  per source . Aaron Curry's deal with Seattle  6 years ,  60 million ,  including 34 million in guaranteed money . Lots of sheckels . Rams first round pick Robert Quinn signed in St Louis . RT @tripleheff Pls tell Hoge that his tie knots are ridiculous  !   ...  Hoge's tie knots are comparable to Devin Hester  ?  He'll be flattered . A late lunch at Lee Roy Selmon's . Mmmmm ...  With Cowboys signing 4 draft picks today ,  that leaves Rams as only team yet to sign any draftees . That comes on their signing day in June . Dwayne Allen hat trick . Special visitor in Dolphins camp today  not Mike Vick . Former Packers GM Ron Wolf attended Dolphins practice as a guest of Bill Parcells . Less than a month until Bengals minicamp   and the JaMarcus Russell arrival in Cincinnati that @OGOchoCinco and OCNN predicted . One of the more intriguing training camp questions will be not only which RB starts for Redskins ,  but which ones don't make roster . Hits keep coming in Denver . RT @espnnfl 2010 NFL training camps Denver Broncos LB Jarvis Moss breaks bone in hand ,  to miss 2 weeks . Good news for the Vikings . Just made my donation RT @tennesseetitans Red Cross short term text capability for Relief FundText REDCROSS to 90999  . New GMs doing their thing . Bills GM Doug Whaley has traded for WR Sammy Watkins and RB Bryce Brown . Browns GM Ray Farmer dealing . RT @Daddyvec do you think T.O . Becomes a patriot  ?   ...  Don't know where T.O . will play ,  but it will not be for the Patriots ,  that I know . Patriots remaining CBs Malcolm Butler ,  Bradley Fletcher ,  Logan Ryan ,  Robert McClain ,  Chimdi Chekwa ,  Daz Swanson ,  Justin Green ,  and rookies . Titans claimed former Jets TE Jace Amaro on waivers ,  per source . Bills placed WR Percy Harvin on the non football illness list . Six Points ,  New Year's edition Chip Kellys next move could surprise.Marcell Dareus passed his physical on Saturday morning ,  making the trade to Jacksonville official . One reason Brandin Cooks traded now is he had a 781,599 roster bonus due on 5th day of league year   Monday . Now Patriots responsibility . Just wondering How can a team with LaDainian Tomlinson and Darren Sproles be ranked 32nd in the league in rushing  ?  Steelers WR Hines Ward's streak of at lesat one catch in 186 consecutive regular season games ended last night . And so the Warriors ,  like the Panthers ,  remain unbeaten . Golden State now 19 0 ,  the mark to which Carolina aspires . It's the Jonathan Stewart show . @daringantt Panthers RB DeAngelo Williams ,  WR Devin Thomas ,  OT Jeff Otah didn't travel to St . Louis . Tom Jackson ,  Kareem Abdul Jabbar ,  Dr . Harry Edwards and Jim Brown ,  paying their respects to Muhammad Ali . Colts announced they claimed former Titans linebacker Shaun Phillips off waivers and waived linebacker Victor Butler . Jets still alive and working to complete this trade . But there are contractual complications . Ezekiel Elliott fate decided next week if 2nd Cir panel reverses Judge Failla's rejection of PI ,  almost certain to last through end of year . Calvin Johnson is active . Texans holdout LT Duane Brown has returned to team ,  as @Rapsheet said . Houston is not trading him . He is expected to be with team this year . work . There you go . RT @MikeGarafolo Told me he will do that . RT @AdamSchefter Dumervil's ex agent has right to waive five day waiting period . RT @ek1320 You said strictly rumor about Nmandi to BLT but heard it again from Ravens employee . Still hearing nothing  ?   ...  Not happening . Former Jets OC Brian Schottenheimer meeting today in Nashville with Rams HC Jeff Fisher about becoming STL's offensive coordinator . Raiders OC Hue Jackson ,  the favorite to succeed Tom Cable as Oakland's next HC ,  still is scheduled to interview for 49ers HC job Friday . According to Elias ,  LeBron James has the highest scoring average in NBA Game 7 history  36.0 pts per game .The  multiple  reasons for the NFL's trade explosion ,  via @SandoESPN . Mark my words Tampa Bay will be happy with its 7th round pick ,  Stanford DE Erik Lorig . #nfldraft . RT @MoveTheSticks I keep reading Clausen is going in top 10 but I've yet to hear any scoutcoachexec tell me they have him rated that high . Ravens S Ed Reed is out tonight   will not play due to a hip injury . Despite passing an exit physical with Falcons in January and another with Dr . James Andrews this week ,  Jake Long ...  Time to change this Over past 9 years ,  Raiders are only NFL that has not drafted a Pro Bowl player in first round . Source involved in trade says Raiders acquired former Seahawks LB Aaron Curry for an undisclosed pick in 2012 and undisclosed pick in 2013.Eagles HC Doug Pederson on team's RB situation I would say that Darren  Sproles  is the No . 1 back right now.RT @mortreport Packers have decided to definitely practice indoors at Highlands Park High School on Wednesday instead of SMU . More info on free agents . Well ... RT @NSalvs this didn't take long ...  #BlueLightSpecial  . Redskins re signed unrestricted free agents Reed Doughty ,  Kedric Golston and Rocky McIntosh . G men on the board . RT @giantspathanlon NYG have reached agreement with first of '10 draft class   3rd round choice ,  S Chad Jones of LSU . RT @broncossacco This is the 24th anniversay of The Drive . If you have to ask ,  which drive ?  ... reader is at wrong Twitter site . Bengals today waived WR Jordan Shipley and K Thomas Weber . Condolences to the family and friends of former NFL defensive tackle Norman Hand . And one more RT from across the pond ,  further validating Europeans' feelings . RT @theSteve71 ... And Scottish people miss the whole thing  !  RT @9PJ Wouldn't that be NFLP ,  not the NFLPA  ?   ...  Nope . The NFLPA . It's just that now it is a trade association ,  not a union . Nice . Westwood One radio feed has Bill Raftery and John Thompson . Reminds me of being a kid ,  staying up past bedtime ,  radio under pillow . RT @RossTuckerNFL In the end ,  Moss wins . 1 Finally gets a bye week this week . 2 No state income tax in TN so making more  each week . Will discuss again on NFL Live at 4 ,  and NFL32 at 6. But another team easily can make it difficult for Pittsburgh to keep WR Mike Wallace . Cowboys activated RB Darren McFadden to active roster . LB Jaylon Smith stays on NFI for rest of 2016.Looks like 2014 NFL draft will be held May 15 17. In 2015 and 2016 ,  league year would start early March ,  combine mid March . Redskins and OT Morgan Moses reached agreement on 5 year extension that will make him NFL's 2nd highest paid RT ,  per @caplannfl and me . Remembering Frank Gifford ,  Ann Mara ,  Ken Stabler ,  Garo Yepremian ,  Jethro Pugh ,  Chuck Bednarik ,  Allie Sherman ,  Charlie Sanders ,  Ed Sabol . More Giant changes New York dismissed defensive line coach Mike Waufle . Think about it What would be the second most significant weekend of preseason football in NFL history  ?  Hope for underdogs There are more undrafted free agents on NFL rosters today  481  than 1st  and 2nd round picks combined  480  ,  per Elias . RB Jerome Harrison inactive for the Browns . Rookies Eric Ebron ,  Richard Rodgers ,  Davante Adams ,  Ha Ha Clinton Dix weren't born Dec . 15 ,  1991 ,  the last time the Lions won in Green Bay . Thoughts this morning with Tracy Morgan ,  involved in a car accident on the NJ Turnpike and now in critical condition . NFL is considering suspending Bucs S Dashon Goldson for Sunday's helmet to helmet hit as well as his hit history . Just like everyone predicted heading into Thanksgiving ,  the Jacksonville Jaguars are in 1st place . Former Giants WR Victor Cruz is visiting the Jaguars and his former HC Tom Coughlin ,  as @TomPelissero reported . Ben Roethlisbergers 12 TD passes over last two games are two more than he threw in the first seven games combined . Former Redskins RB finds new home RT @davidcanter Congratulations to my client Quinton Ganther who is now a member of the Seattle Seahawks . The Las Vegas shooting is the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S . history . Thoughts with all those in Vegas . In KC Star ,  Chiefs GM John Dorsey said his interview of @DangeRussWilson at 2012 combine was the most impressive interview I've ever had.Bud Adams I have informed our senior management that Jeff Fisher will be our head coach next season . Full Friday injury reportBears ,  DE Jared Allen  pneumonia  ProbableBengals ,  LB Vontaze Burfict  concussion  ...  Bills DT Marcel Dareus is facing a four game suspension for another violation of the NFLs substance abuse policy ,  league sources tell ESPN .  . NFL ruled that the Lions violated the anti tampering policy . Ordered Detroit and KC to switch 5th round picks and took away Lions' 7th . Bills have fired their GM Doug Whaley . A huge shout out to all those who made the 28 straight hour ,  ESPN fantasy football marathon happen . Much respect . Attention Jeff Feagles Giants drafted P Matt Dodge from East Carolina . #nfldraft . RT @notthefakeSVP NFL draft used to be in the paper the next day  ...  Good point . Different world . FWIW ,  @ESPNBook ,  the great Fred Gaudelli once told me @mortreport was one of the five most important hires in ESPN's history . Panthers worked out former Chiefs 1st round pick WR Jon Baldwin ,  per source . More O line woes in Green Bay . Packers placed CG Jason Spitz on injured reserve and signed WR Biren Ealy from their practice squad . RT @ESPNNFL MUST READ NFL Draft Prospect and Missouri All American DE Michael Sam announces he's gay . &gt&gt  . Browns WR Josh Gordon is scheduled to meet in NYC with NFL officials regarding 1 year suspension he faces on Fri ,  Aug . 1 ,  per league source . RT @Jimmypatpie Thought you couldn't make any moves until the new cba is in place  ?   ...  Can cut players or signed cut players till March 3.Vikings officially not picking up fifth year option on QB Teddy Bridgewater . Well ,  how about this Former Broncos and Patriots QB Tim Tebow is working out today for the Philadelphia Eagles ,  a source confirmed . And so it's Seattle at Atlanta on Saturday.And GiantsPackers winner at Dallas on Sunday . After one NFL exec heard CB Adam Jones was ordered to pay 11.7 million for his role in a shooting ,  he texted ,  When it rains ,  it pours.Another deal before the season kicks off  . In the week he was claimed off waivers from the Rams ,  Richie Incognito will start at right guard today for the Buffalo Bills . An NFL official told ESPN that the decision to suspend Cowboys RB Ezekeil Elliott for six games took time to make ...  Denver is giving former Steelers WR Emmanuel Sanders a 3 year ,  15M contract . Team announced agreement . Lions have lost 9 straight games on Thanksgiving ,  the longest losing streak in NFL history on Thanksgiving . Hope Pres Sarkozy is OK . But that last tweet also is to show the Twitterverse my range . On Groundhog Day ,  Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow   6 more weeks of winter . While Rex Ryan offered a no decision on his starting QB ,  Jim Harbaugh said he's sticking with Colin Kaepernick . More on 49ers startling hire of John Lynch as GM ...  When I told him today that I needed to tend to family ,  he ws the first to say ,  Take all the time you want . My decision to pull up stakes.First two catches of Chris Matthews' career   not bad . Interesting take from a former colleague . RT @DaveKrieger Lockout is a lock ,  sadly  . Dwight Howard hopes to make his decision by Friday . Decision ,  per source ,  is totally up in air.RT @DeSmithNFLPA NFL executives reducing salaries in the event of a lockout  ?  If we have a deal by Super Bowl ,  I'll go down to 68 cents . Presenters for the Pro Football Hall of Fame's Class of 2016  . Forgetting reputations ,  Steelers safety Ryan Clark made as many plays last season as Troy Polamalu . 16 years ago today ,  Bill Belichick turned 48   and celebrated his birthday by making best draft pick in NFL history  . NBA lockout looms ,  NFL lockout lingers . Fans left in lurch . Appeals for the other three suspended players   Will Smith ,  Scott Fujita ,  Anthony Hargrove   are officially filed to Roger Goodell . Falcons RB Tevin Coleman fractured a rib and is expected a couple of weeks ,  depending on his pain threshold ,  per source . My electrical company is beyond bad . Now on my third power outage in past two months . How does this happen  ?  How did they live back in day  ?  year . Emotional boost no longer needed ,  roster spot is   Saints placed running back Deuce McAllister on the reserveretired list . Peyton Manning's trip west to Denver is expected to include other visits ,  such as the Arizona Cardinals ,  @mortreport and I are told . Leon Lawrence Lett . Best wishes to Tommy Lasorda ,  who has been hospitalized due to a heart attack . RT @Gregav8 And yet they don't see a way around a lockout  ?  Seriously .    ...  Not right now they don't . Iranian election ,  health care reform ,  Great Recession   and we get more Michael Jackson  ?  Puh leeze . Bucs Dolphins game likely to be rescheduled for Week 11  Nov . 19  ,  when both teams have a bye ,  per @JeffDarlington . Not final but likely . Referee Walt Anderson will lead the seven man crew of game officials selected to work Super Bowl XLV . Don't see it at all . RT @Opie2509 @AdamSchefter is Darnell dockett gonna be traded  ?  RT @ScottFarkus How long before we see Adam Schefter in a ESPNSportCenter parody style commercial  ?  Answer Coming this fall   a classic . Two more Hard Knocks left . About to watch one  and can't wait to see the Andre Smith waitweight to end .One of the defensive players of the week Chargers LB @ShaunPhillips95 for his career high four sacks . Bus is parked in the Bucs parking lot at 1 Buc Place for anyone who wants to come by and see it . Jaguars placed RB Rashad Jennings ,  WR Cecil Shorts and LB Greg Jones on injured reserve . It will be an upset if Jimmy Clausen goes to SF ,  so let the Clausen Watch officially begin . #nfldraft . Turned out to be Tom Bradys 14th career game with at least 4 TD passes and no INTs ,  2 more than any other player in NFL history . Jets announced they released 4th rd pick ,  WR Jalen Saunders ,  and signed former Bills WR T.J . Graham . RT @RossTuckerNFL Today's podcast w @AdamSchefter talking R . Bush ,  J . McDaniels ,  & making our Week 8 picks  . CNBC's Most Influential Sports Tweeters of 2009 ,  from a fairly prolific tweeter himself ,  @darrenrovell1   . RT @bhofheimerespn brief segments w gruden and each qb are on espn.com . I will get u reair info tomorrow . No prob . Its good stuff . Green Bay Packers will receive their Super Bowl XLV World Championship rings at a private party Thursday night at the Lambeau Field Atrium . Jets HC Rex Ryan on QB Geno Smith's day It was brutal that was Genos worst day.Braylon Edwards and Gaines Adams qualify as two big pre deadline trades . Hard to see another biggie coming ,  but four more days left . Statement from Josh BrownI am sorry that my past has called into question the character or integrity of The ...  Thank you  !  I'm a moron . RT @scottyjohnson48 @AdamSchefter Here's a proper link The saga of the Crabtree holdout    . Michigan getting a superb passing game coordinatorQBWR coach in former Jaguars OC Jedd Fisch . He will help the program . Good question . RT @Alfonsovt Great news Adam ,  and who will be promoted next year for the Defensive Coordinator job in Denver  ?  Why Drew Brees is the top free agent signing in NFL history   ahead of Reggie White . Cardinals trade for Carson Palmer now official . Raiders get back a conditional 7th rd pick in 2014 if Palmer starts 13 games . This is an odd one . RT @RavensInsider Rich Gannon is persona non grata in Oakland . Strange  . Chargers signed veteran wide receiver Kelley Washington . Last two people the Cleveland Cavaliers' Twitter account followed are ... interesting . Statement from Patriots' owner Robert KraftDespite our conviction that there was no tampering with footballs ,  ...  RT @Aaronbarnett What team u think Harbaugh will end up coaching  ?   ...  Not Miami ,  not Oakland ,  not Carolina ,  not Denver . Like SF today . To those who had any questions about Detroit and its HC ,  there are no questions . Jim Caldwell will return next season ,  per team official . Patriots released Tim Tebow . Major moves Bears GM Phil Emery announced Chicago has re signed QB Jay Cutler ,  G Matt Slauson and CB Tim Jennings . Despite being listed as questionable with a concussion ,  Redskins TE Jordan Reed will play tonight vs . Giants . Rookies for the Ravens ,  Jets ,  Broncos   get a good nights sleep . You're going to need it when you report tomorrow . Panthers traded WR Kelvin Benjamin to Buffalo for 3rd and 7th round picks ,  per source . Benjamin rejoins HC Sean McDermott ,  GM Brandon Beane . Late entry into Redskins' defensive coordinator consideration is 49ers DC Vic Fangio ,  who's not returning to SF . Mike Iupati's deal with Arizona 5 yrs ,  40M ,  plus incentives up to 41M with 22.5M guaranteed . Redskins' HC Jay Gruden said CB Bashaud Breeland has a strained tendon in his ankle ,  is week to week . Merry Football . Seahawks' S Kam Chancellor is prepared to extend his holdout into the regular season ,  according to source not close to budging today . Update Steven Jackson made playoffs with Rams in 2004. So without playing snap this year ,  this will be his first playoff game in 11 seasons . Amongst those taking part in Bucs rookie minicamp on a tryout basis this weekend former Eagles' WR Riley Cooper . Browns HC Mike Pettine says hes approaching free agency ,  draft ,  as though Johnny Manziel is not the starting QB . Like or dislike Chargers' new logo  ?  Today marks 100 days until the start of the NFL season . And there it is Ravens announce they reached agreement with former Colts TE Dallas Clark . Now that we've Fed The Baby ,  it's time to leave the office . Fed The Baby a lot today . Some fun feedings . Filed to ESPN Bills have notified LB Kiko Alonso he is going to be traded to Philadelphia for RB LeSean McCoy . Trade official next week . Players listed on the previous three tweets are the ones now scheduled to ATTEND the NFL Draft . Good luck @usainBolt in London . Looks like your new iPhone game is gold worthy . And Baltimore's Brendon Ayanbadejo was fined 15,000 for using a horse collar tackle on a special teams play . Garbage time and the Eagles have in AJ Feeley and Hank Baskett . How do no Bengals make the Pro Bowl  ?  Not one  ?  Wow . Everyone please wish happy birthday to the money man master and my friend ,  @jimcramer . Buccaneers reached agreement with former Bengals OT Anthony Collins . Could mean the end of Donald Penn in Tampa . Or with my newfound riches ,  I can buy this RT @CoachA12 10.33 ?   That's almost enough for a LeBron James Fathead  !  After signing Derek Sherrod ,  Alex Green and Davon House ,  the Packers now have all 10 of their draft picks under contract . Michigan men ...  Vikings ruled out RB Adrian Peterson for game vs . Packers . This tells you about state of talks NFL has devised its schedule for replacement referees through the first five weeks of the season . One day after Buffalo HC Doug Marrone said DT Alan Branch had been arrested ,  the Bills cut him ,  per a league source . Eagles announced they agreed to terms with former Patriots and Chiefs safety Jarrad Page on a one year contract . Jaguars released RB Justin Forsett . Kwasi Enin ,  the William Floyd HS senior accepted to all eight Ivy League schools ,  chose Yale . Patriots are paying WR Kenny Britt a pro rated portion of the veteran minimum 900,000 this year ,  then 1.5 million  . Pittsburgh Steelers plan to hire former Chiefs coach Todd Haley as their offensive coordinator . The 27 Club Amy Winehouse ,  Kurt Cobain ,  Janis Joplin ,  Jimi Hendrix ,  Jim Morrison ,  Brian Jones   all gone at 27 ,  all #gonetoosoon . Bears DE Lamarr Houston ,  injured celebrating a sack ,  will undergo MRI on knee Monday . Bears fear the worst ... The Brett Favre investigation is on the fast track ,  according to @mortreport . Come and get him Broncos placed the first round tender on WR Brandon Marshall . Speculation around league for weeks has been that Holmgren will wind up as Seattle's president ,  replacing Ruskell . Half that deal now done . Excuse me @JimIrsay . NFL told me your general counsel Daniel Emerson emailed request for Nick Cesario on Tues before he opted to stay in NE . Sounds like someone's ready to kick it off now . RT @PierreThomas Are you ready for some footbaaaallllllllllll  ?  MNF tonight ,  let's get it  !  Another whew   Cardinals also just sold out and will not be blacked out Sunday in Arizona . Bills officially have been notified by NFL that OT Seantrel Henderson has been suspended for first four games of 2016 season . Even with his the upper extremity issue on his right index finger ,  the feeling within Broncos orgn is that Kyle Orton will start vs Cincy . RT @dkaplanSBJ ESPN wins best in sports tv and best in sports media  ...  Sounds like enough for someone to write a book . RT @nastanley Who is your vote for athlete of the century .  Has to be @lancearmstrong right  ?   ...  Or Tiger Woods . But I don't get a vote . RT @TheRealPodVader Football Today @rosstuckernfl and @adamschefter takes on Favre ,  Chargers ,  & more . Full podcast  !   Donnie Avery ,  Steve Smith ,  Antonio Bryant ,  Stewart Bradley ,  Kevin Kolb ,  Reggie Kelly   just some players injured already . Without a game .. And in another ESPN commercial shoot ,  hangin wit da boy ,  @deseanjackson10 ,  and we ballin. Lions free agent DE Willie Young is visiting the Jaguars . Embattled Eagles WR Riley Cooper announced he is stepping away from the team for a period of time.One person of interest to NFL in its independent investigation into mess in Miami is Dolphins OL coach Jim Turner . Suggestion from my cameraman Brett Favre should call @mortreport and me ,  and say whoever's bus gets to Hattiesburg first gets The Decision . On the John Fox deal ,  he wouldn't void his deal unless a better offer came along . One hasn't . So for now he remains as the Panthers HC . Headline equivalent of ,  The Bus Rolls On RT @espnnfl Albert Haynesworth of Washington Redskins skips conditioning test  . Seahawks' RB Marshawn Lynch needs a couple weeks to see how he does and to see if he can recover from an injury ,  per source . For now . A real Sunday am jolt RT @bhofheimerespn Check out Texas Stadium Implosion on espn3.com over morning coffee  . An excellent reason to cut class ...  RT @DougPerry7 Schefter has signed paper boy . 2 years 218 deal per sources .  ...  Confirmed . Source Todd Wash will be named Jaguars defensive coordinator in near future . Here's someone that found supp draft more exciting than trade deadline RT @DoubleJJ99 Definitely supplemental draft . I was taken last year  !  Cam Newton runs the 40 in an unofficial 4.58 ,  Christian Ponder an unofficial 4.72.Giants RB Ahmad Bradshaw ,  RT David Diehl and WR Domenik Hixon all ruled out of Thursday night's game vs . Carolina . RT @MikeReiss Randy Moss says if he is not offered a contract until offseason it would be a smack in face . Does not want to start trouble . More evidence of a Cardinals rout Rams deactivating RB Steven Jackson today . RT @ScottFarkus And you think @AdamSchefter is sick with the twitter ...  Just wondering Titans and Bills are first team to play ,  yet Browns rookies will be the first players to report . They weren't hazed enough  ?  On day John Abraham reported back to Arizona ,  Cardinals also signed former Vikings and Packers LB Desmond Bishop . Exciting to see Michigan tie in NFL ,  NCAA and HS football ,  all together.A great way to learn how to play QB . Buccaneers quarterback Jameis Winston added to Pro Bowl roster to replace Patriots quarterback Tom Brady . RT @MarkTravis RT FantasyFreaks What passer  ?  RT @AdamSchefter Brian Cushing was fined 5000 for roughing the passer against the Raiders . MRI on Patriots QB Tom Brady's knee was negative and he now is considered day to day ,  per ESPN source with knowledge of injury . Larry Johnson's deal in Washington three years ,  3.5 million total   with incentives that could take it up to 12 million . 22 Rest of Titans star RB's feelings  RT @ChrisJohnson28 at least dey offering him something dey not offering me nothing . Patriots now have Aaron Hernandez under contract through 2018 and Rob Gronkowski under contract through 2019.Without Mike Leach ,  Texas Tech needs a head coach . Lynn played there ,  and some NFL assistants believe TT will call Lynn . A chance to respond and set the record straight  . To get you ready for today's games . Well deserved . RT @espn Butler extends coach Brad Stevens through 2021 22 season    . RT @AmitBulchandani So you are saying carl nicks will likely leave new orleans  ?   ...  Saying I expect him to ,  yes . Can't pay everyone . cquest . NFL points out that Commissioner Goodell could not conclude that Brett Favre violated league policies relating to workplace conduct . Antrel Rolle has signed a 3 year deal with the Bears for 11,25 million ,  including 5 million guaranteed ,  per @drewrosenhaus . Former Bills OC Greg Roman is joining Baltimore's staff ,  per league source . Final duties still being ironed out ,  but he'll be with Ravens . luck  !  When BALT signed Matt Schaub ,  it included a 500K roster bonus if he played 5 percent of snaps ,  1M for 10 percent . Schaub about to cash in . Another intriguing question . RT @Elijosdad When should we expect Randy Moss to ask Randy Moss how he feels about being waived  ?  Ben Roethlisberger officially inactive today . This  . Read the rant RT @OurandSBJ Phil Mushnick knows how to get under people's skin . @sportswatch is tweeting a hilarious rant from Michael Kay . One reason the Redskins took Jeremy Jarmon in the third round was because Detroit was poised to take him at the top of the fourth . Wow RT @ESPNEWS Super Stat Halladay today . Dallas Braden threw perfect game May 9. 1880 was last time 2 perfect games thrown in same year . RT @hoopsn80smusic Is it true Randy Moss visited Saints today  ?   ...  Spoke to Saints and one of Moss' reps neither knows anything about it . Lions let go of Jim Schwartz . Knee injury ,  Twitterverse RT @ZCZako  Any Idea why Wes Welker is out ,  Adam  ?  San Diego's secondary just got better . RT @chargers Chargers add CB Nathan Vasher to bolster secondary . RT @Konge925 Do you see the Saints moving up in the draft  ?   ...  With what ammo  ?  Don't have a 1 or a 2 ,  and don't have 2 in 2013.So it's not just GM Doug Whaley . The Bills have dismissed their entire scouting staff ,  as @mikerodak reported . Along with Plaxico Burress ,  Steelers also signed Brian Hoyer as their backup QB . NFL sent this memo this morning to team owners ,  community relations directors and player engagement directors  . Please ...  RT @georgegabriel here's to the last game of the weekend actually being close .. Former Virginia OC Bill Lazor will become the Eagles QB coach . RT @DNorton20 i think your pocket tweeting hahaha  ...  My bad . Sometimes my bberry gets so jumpy it tweets in my pocket on its own . Never know . But he didn't practice in pads today for fun of it . RT @playboidolla How likely is it for Barber to play Monday night  ?  Sorry if you RT'd and didn't get free contest . Twitter Error . But you now can sign up here  . Divisional RdSat. ,  Jan . 11435pm ET   at Seattle815pm ET   at New EnglandSun ,  Jan . 12105pm ET   at Carolina440pm ET   at Denver . This would give Roy Williams and a distincly Dallas flavor to Cincinnati RT @TheRedzoneorg Ken Hamlin visiting the Bengals . Giants reinstated CB Janoris Jenkins . For Carson Palmer ,  Raiders will compensate Bengals with their first round choice in 2012 draft and their second round choice in 2013 draft . Broncos QB Trevor Siemian will get first reps with Denver starting offense Thursday ,  but Paxton Lynch will get his time with starters ,  too . Quinton Coples was held out of 11 on 11 team drills because of what the Jets first round pick says was a coach's decision.SalPal reported on ESPN that WR Plaxico Burress has been denied work release and now will have to serve his full two year prison term . Brian St . Pierre has thrown all of five NFL passes . He never has been more than a third string QB . Ray Lewis and Ed Reed are drooling . To answer many tweets There's a new rule that says Pro Bowl coaches will be the highest seed of the team that loses in divisional round . Seahawks drafted safety Mike Tyson ,  Cowboys drafted safety Xavier Woods . So there's that . Look for NFL to deliver last hit in Ravens Steelers game look for fines for Ray Lewis ,  James Harrison and Ryan Clark . Redskins reached agreement with former Jets nose tackle Howard Green on a one year contract . Patriots have signed wide receiverspecial teams ace Matthew Slater to a one year extension through 2017 ,  per @FieldYates . Christian McCaffrey ,  who has 73 catches and five receiving touchdowns this season ,  is only rookie RB in NFL history  . Panthers released veteran punter Andy Lee and are planning to go with Mike Palardy as their punter ,  per source . Browns and Offensive Line Coach Andy Moeller have mutually agreed to part ways ,  effective immediately . 49ers linebacker Patrick Willis sprained his ankle Sunday ,  but San Francisco does not consider the injury to be serious . Mark Sanchez to start at QB for Jets McElroy out with concussion . Three youngest opening day lineups in the league Green Bay at 25.7 years average ,  and KC and Indy each at 25.89 years . Denver clinched playoff spot . It will be Peyton Mannings 13th postseason appearance ,  breaking tie with Brett Favre for most in NFL history . Revisiting a reflective conversation with Cowboys owner Jerry Jones ,  before his Hall of Fame induction ...  Connor Cook to Raiders Jack Del Rios son Luke has worked out multiple times over past few years in San Diego with Cook . Firsthand scouting . Richard Seymour got the 5 day letter today . It was sent and dated yesterday . He has until Tuesday to report . So there . Maybe the happiest day in @tunasweasel 's life . RT @BillRomanowski I know what Westbrook needs immediately . Tell him to contact me and I'll provide him real solutions to his concussions . Please join me and some fantasy experts on 827 & 828 for inaugural Fantasy Football Symposium . Check out  . Now that Brandon Marshall has signed his tender ,  Denver is officially allowed to discuss potential deals for its WR with other teams . Browns placed OL Joel Bitonio ,  one of the best young OL in the game ,  on injured reserve with a foot injury . Rams trying and expecting to extend contracts of HC Jeff Fisher and GM Les Snead before regular season starts ,  per sources . Deals likely . Pride of Texas . RT @RaiderGrrl Just like Michael Huff is doing great for raiders and proving that 2005 draft class from UT may not be busts . Former Falcons DT Paul Soliai is signing a two year ,  7M deal that includes 3m guaranteed with the Carolina Panthers ,  per source . Baylor QB Bryce Petty's Pro Day today . Petty waited 1,786 days between his last HS start & his 1st college start . Now Kiper's 3rd ranked QB . One 1 down one 1 to go . Lions reached agreement with first round pick Jahvid Best . No missed time for QB Jimmy Clausen ,  who reached agreement with the Panthers on a four year contract and will report and sign today . Doubt it . RT @TanzWatson sam bradford just got his shoulder hurt again and now with the late surgery will he drop out first round  ?  After medical rechecks ,  Notre Dame's Jaylon Smith is not expected to play in 2016 and teams are unsure when he will play again ,  per sources . With Jacksonville RB TJ Yeldon nursing a knee injury ,  Jaguars are signing RB Jonas Gray off Dolphins practice squad ,  per @seanstellato . Some red carpet highlights . Former Jaguars HC Gus Bradley has agreed to become DC for then Los Angeles Chargers ,  per sources . Colts QB Andrew Luck seeking shoulder treatment in Europe ,  per @MikeWellsNFL. ...  Kareem Jackson to Texans #nfldraft . For more help on its line ,  San Diego signed free agent defensive end Alfonso Boone . Bucs placed CB Torrie Cox and P Dirk Johnson on Injured Reserve and placed G Arron Sears on the Reserve  Non Football Illness list . This one's for Pat . RT @espnnfl The Denver Broncos and John Elway have reached an agreement  ...  RT @espnnfl Tony Romo has cracked rib ,  punctured lung   . Eli Manning has started every Giants game since Nov . 21 ,  2004 ,  a streak of 210 consecutive games . Streak ends Sunda  . Follow Friday ...  @Rodneyh37 . Friday 10 Spot early Saturday Tom Coughlin's emotional speech last Saturday night ,  plus other NFL news . A FF thank you to @shelbylight @dfantelli @FantomFresh21 @DeborahHorton @NFLFantasyNews @JeffHaseley @DaneLopes @NFLMocks . Friday 10 Spot from New Orleans How Jim Harbaugh easily could have coached the Jets ,  Lions or Chiefs .  Former 49ers and Bills WR Stevie Johnson is signing with the Chargers ,  as @NBCdianna reported . It is a 3 year deal . SD adds a WR . The last unsigned RFA ,  Brandon McManus ,  just signed his one year 2.8M tender with Broncos ,  per source . A long term deal still possible . Jags sold out for Thurs . If Jacksonville couldn't sell out now ,  in playoff chase vs . an unbeaten team ,  then it never was going to sell out . And now Green Bay has signed rookie DT Jerel Worthy ,  whom the Packers traded up to draft . Giants WR Odell Beckham Jr. ,  listed as questionable with ankle injury ,  is expected to be a game time decision vs . Cowboys ,  per source . RT @DhaniJones Today is a beautiful day for @ugomockrock . Up and at em' in Ann Arbor . Where in world is @AdamSchefter  ?   ...  Flying in now ,  D . Please wish a happy 50th birthday to @HannahStormESPN  who also happens to share a birthday with the Olsen twins .Now official the Rams will not pick up the fifth year option on former number two overall pick OL Greg Robinson . Thank you to all those who brought this country its independence and continue to fight for it every day . Washington RB Rob Kelley ruled out for rest of today due to rib injury . People actually have thought I was him   no joke RT @JSosnovsky Every time @adamschefter tweets ,  I pretend it's Paul Rudd giving me news . Browns and LB Jamie Collins Sr . have agreed to a new four year contract . FYI RT @njny next USA game June 26th  Saturday  at 230 pm ET against the runner up in Group D  Germany ,  Ghana ,  Serbia ,  or Australia .Bengals WR AJ Green told ESPN's Bob Holtzman after the game his toe isn't broken and he hopes to play next week . Running in pre game warm ups tonight ,  Marshawn Lynch looks as if he'll be ready for Sunday . Which is what Bengals HC Marvin Lewis expects . Browns' S Jordan Poyer was taken to hospital for further evaluation on his lacerated kidney . And on injury Sunday ,  Titans WR Kendall Wright also sprained his MCL ,  per source . His doesn't sound nearly as bad Le'Veon Bell's . Cowboys RB DeMarco Murray is inactive . Patriots WR Danny Amendola is active . RT @MediaHoundSA Stevie Johnson in Pro Bowl  ?  Along with Bowe and Lloyd  ?   ...  Hard to find anyone in AFC any more deserving than those three . Not enough for SF ... 49ers will pick at 17.Nice return from retirement With his 154th receiving TD ,  Randy Moss moved past Terrell Owens for 2nd in NFL history . It has . RT @chrisdetar @AdamSchefter Any worries that Jeff Reed's 2nd run in with law will catch the commissioner's attention  ?  Still going at it 49ers announced they claimed former Seahawks WR Charly Martin off waivers one day after Seattle claimed SF's long snapper . Vick has left game . Could be a rib injury   tough to tell right now . But this is Exhibit A for why a team doesn't trade a quality backup . One NBA tweet and now I'm getting these questions ...  RT @gfly40    @AdamSchefter ANY CHANCE LAKERS SIGN ALLEN IVERSON  ?  Worth repeating tonight what was tweeted last Monday teams that score in final 2 minutes of half win 80 percent of games . Just how NFL likes it Chiefs are the 11th different franchise to own the No . 1 overall pick in the last 11 drafts . Eagles and Vikings take us behind the scenes of Sam Bradford trade that reshaped season ,  produced by @GavinCote ...  On first pick of 5th round ,  Broncos draft Michigan TE Jake Butt . Broncos believe he'll be recovered from torn ACL by September ,  per source . Multiple teams now attempting to trade up to first pick in 4th round ,  currently belonging to Browns ,  per source . A QB figures to be target . Chargers' TE Jeff Cumberland tore his left Achilles and is out for the season . Of approximate 30,000 people who tried to predict Rams exact schedule for 100K ,  nobody came close . 4 people got 4 weeks in a row . That's it . 12 team OGBA league D . Murray ,  M . Lynch ,  D . Martin ,  R . Turbin ,  Dez Bryant ,  P . Garcon ,  Denarious Moore ,  B . LaFell ,  A .  JJ Watt reinjured his back ,  as @RapSheet reported . Could wind up on IR this time . Colts agreed to terms with free agent defensive end Kendall Langford . Redskins signed undrafted free agent CB Chase Minnifield ,  son of former Browns CB Frank Minnifield . Just read long article on Jets QB Mark Sanchez ... in Sunday NY Times Styles section . Compared Sanchez's looks to Joe Namath's . Gave edge 2 MS . Raiders put original round tender on LB Kirk Morrison . Raiders will have chance to match any offer sheet he signs   or get back 3rd rd pk . Video of draft prospects for Sport Science debuting Saturday .. The Fleener vs . Sumos is worth seeing  . Giants and former 49ers WR Mario Manningham agreed on a one year deal . Giants are bring back Super Mario . As @mortreport reports ,  Alex Smith is out tonight . He could not get clearance on his contact test . Colin Kaepernick starts . Congratulations to the commissioner . RT @dkaplanSBJ Just posted the Goodell contract extension story at  . Cardinals not optimistic Anquan Boldin will play Sunday   ankle injury . But if anyone has a chance ,  it's Boldin . He's as tough as they come . Stat of day via @MoveTheSticks Matt Schaub had more completions Sunday  43  than the Arizona Cardinals had passing yards  41 .Dan Snyder George was the consummate reporter and a valuable friend . I doubt we'll ever again see a sports reporter so admired ... League will not announce Ben Roethlisberger's discipline today . Starting tomorrow ,  anything possible . Four Browns ruled out K Phil Dawson  right calf  OL Rex Hadnot  knee  RB Jamal Lewis  hamstring  OL Floyd Womack  ankle  . Congratulations to two of the most storied franchises in all of sports ,  the Packers and the Steelers . Great and fitting Super Bowl matchup . Texans HC Bill OBrien apprised his team of Bob McNairs comments at morning meeting today so they would not be blinsdsided ,  per source . Initial exam on Titans RB DeMarco Murrays knee revealed an LCL sprain ,  per source ,  and he will undergo an MRI on Monday to confirm . RT @richarddeitsch Charles P . Pierce ,  who famously profiled Tiger Woods for Esquire in 1997 ,  weighs in on TW today  . True RT @sethwickersham Home from Peter King book signing in Montclair . Big crowd . So happy for him ,  one of the nicest people Ive ever met . NFL and NFLPA leaders scheduled to meet Tuesday in Wash DC for first time in nearly a month . Topics 17  and 18 game sked ,  and rookie cap .  . Former Bills' RB Karlos Williams visiting with his former Buffalo team ,  per source . Bills expected to resign him . Ray Anderson just said on Mike and Mike that Ted Cottrell will hear Ed Reeds appeal today ,  and then whatever Cottrell decides will stand . Stop us when you've heard this one before Darrelle Revis might hold out of training camp for a new contract . Cardinals rookie QB Max Hall has replaced Derek Anderson . Commissioner Goodell said this morning on Mike and Mike that all Week 17 matchups this season will be divisional matchups . The end of a great career RT @PostBroncos Jason Elam will  sign a one day contract with the Broncos tomorrow to officially retire a Bronco . News flash FALCONS RELEASE WR DICKY LYONS   so the Dicky Lyons era in Atlanta is over . Friday 10 Spot Miami's big coaching decision  from 2007  ,  The Ditka Tree ,  why the Elite Eight are where they are  . Not going to call the National Guard for @OGOchocinco . But Chicago needs to inform Peanut Tillman that @OGOchocinco thinks he's in trouble . Week 10 College Football Playoff Rankings 1. Georgia2. Alabama3. Notre Dame4. Clemson5. Oklahoma6. Ohio Sta  . Hold on regarding that Sharper TD   might be reviewed and he might have fumbled before he crossed goal line . Initial tests on Cardinals' RB David Johnson's knee showed meniscus damage ,  ACL intact ,  per source . MRI on Monday for further clarity . Redskins have placed tight end Chris Cooley and running back Tim Hightower on IR . Green Bay guard Daryn Colledge just described what Packers fans wear on their heads as cheese yamakas. Brilliant . Lots of Patriots WR tweets today . One more WR Randy Moss ,  entering the last year of his contract ,  hired Joel Segal as his new agent . RT @THEGreatXaviar Do you think the pats can handle the pass rush from the giants  ?   ...  We're going to find out . It's the key to the game . For the first time since 2007 ,  Ravens LB Ray Lewis is inactive . Lions DT Ndamukong Suh ,  who fired agents and is hiring new agents ,  is expected to have Jay Z and Roc Nation included in circle of advisers . San Diego lost DT Jamal Williams ,  but not DT Ian Scott ,  who re signed a one year deal with incentives today with the Chargers . Should Oakland hire Dennis Allen ,  as many expect ,  the Broncos would be looking for their seventh defensive coordinator in the past 7 years . Bears announced they signed former Steelers' 1st round pick Ziggy Hood and released former Pro Bowl DL Jeremiah Ratliff . With Michael Vick missing a second straight day of practice ,  it's looking more likely that the Eagles starter Sunday will be Kevin Kolb . Former Falcons DE John Abraham is visiting the Arizona Cardinals today ,  as XTRA 910 Phoenix reported . 49ers signed WR Louis Murphy and TE Logan Paulsen to one year deals . Send it my way if Syracuse wins ,  @miketirico . And will you send me a goodie package from Zingermans if Michigan wins  ?  RT @sdutChargers As expected ,  Floyd ,  Gates and Tolbert are playing . With injuries to DeAngelo Williams and Jonathan Stewart ,  Panthers' new starting RB is Darrin Reaves . NFLPA announced Seahawks CB Brandon Browner will have to serve an additional four game suspension at start of 2014 season . As @JayGlazer is reporting ,  the Jaguars are releasing QB David Garrard and starting QB Luke McCown . Packers make it official ,  announce they claimed former Seattle RB Christine Michael off waivers and placed RB Don Jackson on IR . Jason Witten active . Jason Witten warrior . Ryan Fitzpatricks 89 career starts are the most by an active quarterback who has never started a postseason game ,  per Elias SB . Top ranked prospect RT @PDaniels93 My son DaVaris has committed to Notre Dame . Congrats to him on decision . ND got one hell of an athlete . Eagles sign P Mat McBriar to a two year contract and release P Chas Henry . Arian Foster left Sunday's game with irregular heartbeat . He told team he's ok ,  prob could've played ,  but Texans played it safe ,  rested him . Colts C Ryan Kelly scheduled to undergo surgery on a bone defect in his foot Friday that is expected to sideline him 6 8 weeks ,  per source . Panthers' OT Michael Oher signed a 3 year contract extension worth 21.6M in new money ,  averaging 7.2M with 9.5M guaranteed ,  per source . Rams signed safety Oshiomogho Atogwe to a multi year deal . Just realized guess the Patriots now will be drafting plenty of players from Ohio State . Despite missing two games this season ,  Patriots WR Wes Welker still has 122 catches this year ,  a new single season franchise mark . Washington TE Jordan Reed officially questionable . Dealing with a concussion . Major upset if he plays . Blows keep coming Lions LB DeAndre Levy will undergo hip surgery and could be out for the season . Judging by numerous tweets in @adamschefter ,  fans hoping Carson Palmer's on field judgement is a lot better than his receiver comparisons . Broncos LB Von Miller is facing 4 game suspension for violating NFL policy ,  per ESPN sources . Case currently in appeals process . A proud tradition is passed on Emmitt Smith taught me how to knot my tie . I just taught @Markschlereth how to do it . Life's about helping . The new Tim Tebow . Panthers signed former Rams ,  Titans and Dolphins  Cortland Finnegan . Short of a trade in the next two days ,  the Buccaneers are expected to release CB Darrelle Revis by 4 p.m . Wednesday ,  per league sources . First things first . Now filling up my hot air balloon for the early morning ride to Bristol ,  ESPN and Sunday NFL Countdown . Kevin Kolb   one year extension done . 12.25 million . And here's the ultimate sign of respect   contract is 100% guaranteed . As Chargers HC ,  Norv Turner is 25 5 after October and unbeaten in December . He now is aiming for his fifth straight unbeaten December . Colts LB DQwell Jackson suspended without pay for next four games for violating NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . RT @McClainonNFL Fullback Vonta Leach has agreed to a three year ,  11 million contract with Baltimore . And another deal Jaguars and franchise kicker Josh Scobee agreed to a four year deal . Bills WR Robert Woods ,  listed as doubtful with foot ,  is out today vs . Miami ,  per source . Buffalo WR Justin Hunter expected to start . RT @MikeReiss The Patriots and first round draft choice Devin McCourty have agreed to terms on a contract ,  according to a source . Bucs OT Donald Penn's six year deal is worth a maximum of 48 million ,  with a number of clauses in it . A little levity on a tough day for a lot of NFL players . Bud Adams wants Vince Young to start . NFL still plans to interview LBs Clay Matthews ,  Julius Peppers and James Harrison before season about PED accusations ,  per league source . Just as everyone expected the Browns ,  not the Cavaliers ,  are now Cleveland's best sports team . Cardinals HC Bruce Arians said the team is moving Andre Ellington from RB to WR . Lady Gaga singing National Anthem before Super Bowl 50.Sweet RT @bhofheimerespn ESPN to televise Notre Dame Michigan NIGHT GAME at the Big House on Sept 10 ,  2011   UM's 1st primetime home game . Source texts that Bears LB Lance Briggs will be out 4 6 weeks with shoulder injury . No surgery necessary . Will be back this season . Steelers Spokesman Burt Lauten We have provided information to NFL representatives regarding issues that ...  And what we shouldn't forget . RT @caplannfl Good article here on Gaines Adams from Clemson mag publisher  . Interesting to walk into a conference room at ESPN and bump into Mike Ditka and Mike Leach standing there ,  talking football . Football Thursday . College ,  pros . Wife loses remote control privileges tonight . Former Broncos WR Eddie Royal undergoing a physical in San Diego ,  former EaglesGiants WR Steve Smith undergoing physical in St . Louis . Giants' S Landon Collins predicted the Cowboys will not win the NFC East ...  So now ,  Philip Rivers has his extension ,  Ben Roethlisberger has his ,  and they have framed numbers for Eli Manning and Giants to do deal . Arizona and Jets also put in waiver claims for former Patriots WR Brandon Tate ,  who was awarded to Cincinnati . Some top NY pizza hotspots Arturos near NYU ,  Rays near village ,  and hole in wall on W . 68th ,  just off Columbus ,  that doesnt even have sign . Heading into tonight's game ,  Eli Manning is 5 for 20 on passes thrown 10 or more yards downfield ,  the worst completion percentage in NFL . Andrew Luck is 1st player in NFL history with at least 350 passing yards in 5 straight road games ,  per Elias SB . This IS fun . RT @tlak1038 @AdamSchefter geez man its Fri night go have some fun !  ! A decade after his death ,  a look back at Sean Taylors best game . Chargers' WR Keenan Allen did tear his ACL ,  an MRI today confirmed ,  per source . A top 5 WR done for the season . Saints working out a group of WRs ,  including Hakeem Nicks . RT @evansilva Brady Quinn expected to end up with Jets ,  according to @mortreport   . RT @minusdabullshit Any possibility the media backs off of Tebow  ?   ...  His supporters and detractors will keep going at it . Think about this New Orleans' three postseason wins were exactly one more than the Saints had in the franchise's first 42 years . Drew Rosenhaus signed Benglas DE Carlos Dunlap ,  who had 9.5 sacks as a rookie and is back @UF this semester working on his degree . Kemal Ishmael has agreed with Falcons on a 1 year deal for 2.5M ,  per source . Five Ravens named to Pro Bowl  LB Ray Lewis ,  S Ed Reed ,  DT Haloti Ngata ,  K Billy Cundiff and LB Terrell Suggs . Rams HC Steve Spagnuolo said QB Sam Bradford has a high ankle sprain and is now in a walking boot . AJ Feeley is Rams No . 2 QB . Vikings will activate Teddy Bridgewater this week and also discussing probability that Sam Bradford will be placed on IR ,  per @mortreport . Cleveland was awarded two sixth round compensatory selections and two seventh round picks . Dallas plans to hire Rob Ryan as its defensive coordinator . Cowboys play at Jets next year ,  which means Rob Ryan at Rex Ryan . Bills will start QB Jeff Tuel at QB Thad Lewis inactive . This is interesting Dolphins plan to re sign running back Larry Johnson today . Vikings TE Kyle Rudolph will miss what one source described as some time with a foot injury he sustained Sunday . Eagles re sign safety Nate Allen to a one year ,  1M contract . RT @HombreBueno23 any chance we see ryan and turner on the field sunday  ?   ...  Falcons say gametime decision . I say highly unlikely on each . McCown still remains favorite to be opening day starter . Browns head coach Pat Shurmur already has ruled out running back Peyton Hillis for Sunday's game . Good chance . I think he will play . RT @zbaz508 @AdamSchefter LARRY JOHNSON ANY CHANCE OF SEEING PLAYING TIME ON SUNDAY  ?  RT @DrewMiller03 How close is the labor deal  ?   ...  Closer than it has been ,  yet not close to being done ,  at least not yet . RT @wesleylhicks Of course we are going to find out Tebow's future today because it is 3 16 !   ...  Oh boy . Hadn't even thought of that . Vikings QB Teddy Bridgewater will get some first team reps in preseason opener vs . Raiders . Blow to Carolina Panthers S Charles Godfrey tore his Achilles and is out for the year . Beloved broadcaster Dick Enberg died at age 82.Frank Gore's deal now officially signed ,  per @RosenhausSports 3 years for 12 million ,  including 8.5 million in the first 2 years . Redskins owner Daniel Snyder doesn't owe his players an explanation on Zorn's future . It's simple   he wins ,  he stays he loses ,  he goes . Vikings have signed HC Mike Zimmer to a contract extension . Steelers announced a two year contract extension for GM Kevin Colbert that will keep him with team through at least 2018 NFL Draft . RT @DallasCowgirl A disease called XLP took a friends life ,  now we're raising awareness with a 5k walk visit  . After much speculation ,  Tampa Bay traded quarterback Luke McCown to the Jacksonville Jaguars for an undisclosed draft pick . Bucs' WR Cecil Shorts suffered a season ending knee injury Sunday and didn't even accompany Bucs back to Tampa ,  as @BrittMcHenry reported . What is it with the Seahawks ,  officials and Monday nights  ?  Fire alarm at Eagles hotel in SF went off at about 200 am PT . Nothing like an early morning fire alarm on the day of . RT @chargers DE Travis Johnson's daughter Zoe ,  in hospital after stroke . Hoping 4 the best . Please send ur best wishes to @Trapj99 . Rams RB Todd Gurley officially active . RT @TheBlueScreen DeSean Jackson will play ,  according to ESPN's Sal Paolantonio down on field . Asante Samuel is highly questionable.Opening of Fenway Park 100 years ago in 1912 did not make front pages of Boston's newspapers because the Titanic had sunk a few days earlier . Broncos TE Julius Thomas looks like one up and coming AFC West TE . SD's LaDarius Green looks like another . Gary Kubiak said Matt Schaub has a significant foot injury that will force him to miss several weeks . Uh oh . Pittsburgh reached agreement with veteran cornerback Ike Taylor on a four year deal . And according to @MikeKlis ,  Gary Kubiak will sign a four year deal with the Broncos . Six Oklahoma underclassman submitted their names to NFLs College Advisory Committee to determine how high they might be drafted in April . Today expected to be warmest December game in Lambeau Field history . RT @DenverBroncos Broncos announce 19 college free agents have agreed to terms with the team . RT @KelbiBerg Who seems to be the most likely to take Pryor  ?   ...  Five candidates Oakland ,  Miami ,  Buffalo ,  Cincinnati ,  Seattle . RT @miklasz Change was not on Bradford's end . NFL meetings around the 24th and a few teams asked Bradford to have it a few days later . Barry Sanders Jr . had a run reminiscent of the great No . 20 So DeMarco Murray and Ryan Mathews now expected to share the Birds' backfield . Steelers' LB Jarvis Jones is visiting today with the Arizona Cardinals ,  per source . Steelers remain interested ,  still in discussions . QB Jason Campbell reached agreement with the Bears on a one year deal . But not Branden Albert ...  RT @Money2Mean Validity to McNabb and Samuels for Nnamdi rumors  ?   ...  Eagles would be giving up too much ,  especially w Nnamdi's contract . Packers' RB Eddie Lacy ,  Bears' WR Eddie Royal officially ruled out for Thursday night . Not yet sure of legal ramifications ,  but Braylon Edwards still is on probation from his incident in Cleveland almost one year ago . Since entering the league in 2008 ,  nobody has more receiving touchdowns of 30 yards than DeSean Jackson  21 .RT @ccpearce Rivers' career MNF line 4 0 ,  70.1% complete ,  799 yards ,  6 TD ,  2 INT ,  106.9 rating . Broncos placed LB Von Miller on IR and signed Brandon Marshall  the LB ,  not the WR .Chargers Cardinals game will be blacked out in San Diego per NFL policy . Bears' WR Alshon Jeffery is expected to miss about one week with his mild calf strain ,  per a source   good news for Chicago . ball . Some nice Monday morning news . RT @ProFootballTalk London Fletcher finally makes it to the Pro Bowl . This is disconcerting . RT @SteelersDigest Bad news Heath Miller couldn't practice today because of flare up of post concussion syndrome . Chicago Bears have reached an agreement with Marc Trestman to become the teams 14th head coach in franchise history . RT @PTI @AdamSchefter  Love the updated PTI picture placement and hope your wife understands .  ...  Now in better standing with you than her . Texans QB TJ Yates hurt knee ,  non contact injury looks like time for Texans QB Brandon Weeden . Jim Irsay Peyton Manning is not in the  GM  mix.RT @ripjhb18 @AdamSchefter Adam you should press charges against that jerk for libel if at all possible .  ...  Going to explore this today . Center Dan Koppen signing one year deal in Denver . Redskins' loss to Giants officially clinched the No . 2 overall pick for the St . Louis Rams . Bears gave DE Jared Allen a four year ,  32M deal that voids down to three years of 24M ,  of which 15.5M is fully guaranteed . Jets LT D'Brickashaw Ferguson is retiring today after 10 seasons ,  per @RichCimini . Back to writing roots . With pressure . Been at laptop since 6 am ,  writing Hall of Fame tribute to Peter King to accompany his MMQB column . A player rep said that ,  assuming the two sides have addressed unresolved issues ,  NFLPA is planning to vote Wednesday to approve settlement . Cleveland Browns made six first round draft picks between 2011 14   all six are no longer on the team ,  per ...  Arizona traded OL Tony Bergstrom to Baltimore for a seventh round pick ,  per source . PART 2 Johnson I regret my actions . The words were used by me in frustration. ,  and they were not appropriate.Jaguars dismissed Mike Mularkey . 3 straight weeks ,  3 great players in last year of contract suffer season ending injuries Leon Washington ,  Owen Daniels ,  Thomas Davis . Sad . Cleveland has not made up its mind at No . 1 ,  per source . Split opinions . Some like Myles Garrett ,  some like Mitchell Trubisky . We will see . Bears' moves  . Cowboys announced the hiring of Scott Linehan as the team's passing game coordinator . Big thanks @LeannaKnightTS @afosomf @bdberto12 @jalenrose @mzmuneka @beaudennis @DaveMost @MacWilliams @MrForrester @pAuLiEbRuZ @pooka45 . RT @BobGlauber The ultimate Twitter nightmare What if Twitter folds  ?  !  ?  !  ?  !   Don't read this @AdamSchefter   . The deal that QB Vince Young signed with the Bills is a one year deal . guessing . Close to a dozen NFL GMs attended last night's FSU LOUISVILLE game to scout all the talent . Here's the roll call ...  The new methodical ,  patient ,  careful and maybe even frugal Washington Redskins . Five years ago today ...  Cardinals RB Beanie Wells now expected to be deactivated . It's official The Philadelphia Eagles announced they have named Howie Roseman as the teams general manager . And in today's supplemental draft ,  former Baylor WR Josh Gordon goes to ... cleveland in round 2.Few things more rewarding than sharing info . RT @PrDoughboy thanks for the tip on Hartley . I go to you for my kicker help . Titans G Chance Warmack is now this year's only first round pick yet to sign with his team . Can't be long now ... First review in ... Friday figures to be a strong RB day . Available backs include Ameer Abdullah ,  Tevin Colemen ,  Duke Johnson ,  TJ Yeldon ,  Jeremy Langford . As of today ,  the Raiders had 64 million worth of cap space  most in NFL   while Cowboys were a league low 1.1 millionunder the cap . USC wanted to interview Bengals OC Hue Jackson for head coach job ,  but timing did not and could not work out during NFL season ,  per sources . Colts LB Robert Mathis told ESPN's Lisa Salters that once Andrew Luck delivers him a ring ,  he will ride off into the sunset. Ring ,  retire . Texans HC Gary Kubiak on Arian Foster Much better . He looked good . As long as everythings smooth tomorrow ,  it should be ready to go.Ravens dismissed offensive coordinator Cam Cameron and replaced him with quarterbacks coach Jim Caldwell . Think I'm chipping in some news here RT @NFLCountdown Boomer & TJ are still doing PrimeTime highlights ...  Check out SC at 7pm tonight . For those who asked ,  MPGARB in Greg Hardy's one year deal with Dallas is a 53 man per game roster bonus ...  Giants CB Dominique Rodgers Cromartie suspended indefinitely ...  49ers franchise DT Aubrayo Franklin ,  who has missed all of camp ,  will fly to San Francisco on Saturday to sign his 7.003 million contract . 49ers not happy Greg Roman and Vic Fangio prepared for Redskins HC interviews Thursday and Wash never cancelled before hiring Jay Gruden . A chance ,  sure ,  but I'd guess no . RT @GiantRB27 @AdamSchefter is there reall . A chance that Hasselback could play against the Bears  ?  ESPN's new NFL business analyst analyzes future RT @adbrandt The end of football as we know it is near a primer  . Almost time for McNabb and Cassel updates on Sportscenter . Thanks to @mikeSimsWalker ,  @MikeThomasJax and @Kassimosgood for stopping by the bus and talking Jaguars . Before signing Adalius Thomas ,  Jets looked to waiver wire . Jets claimed former CFL standout LB Ricky Foley on waivers from Seattle . Houston has liked Wisconsin DE J.J . Watt ,  and he will be a strong consideration . The Broncos have released veteran TE Owen Daniels . Panthers lost DE Charles Johnson to a hamstring injury . Now gain a new pass rusher in Jared Allen . DeSean Jackson's 3 yr deal with the Redskins is worth 24 million ,  including 16 million guaranteed ,  per @DarrenHeitner . About 40 minutes till kickoff on VH1. I got my eye black on and my mouthpiece in . Dolphins HC Adam Gase will have final say over Miami's 53 man roster and call the plays . Akron hired former OSU coach Jim Tressel as VP for strategic engagement . Will help develop strategies and efforts to help students succeed . Dallas is trading a conditional draft pick to Seattle for RB Christine Michael ,  per source . RB help for Dallas . Trouble for Carolina Panthers RB Jonathan Stewart carted off . Must have missed the press release that the Patriots were playing a Throwback Game from 2007.Bills didn't have to add 2.5 million in incentives to LeSean McCoy's deal when it had three years left . Rare deal ,  good for both sides . Packers RB Ty Montgomery officially inactive . How cool is this  ?  I'm going to walk to the NFL draft today with the one and only @melkiperespn . Truly a career highlight . RIP . RT @LarryFitzgerald World has lost a great husband ,  father & friend @plawrence360 Pray 4 strengh 4 his wife ,  3 kids and his family . Chargers have signed former Jets tight end Jeff Cumberland to a one year contract ,  the team announced Monday . NFL Draft   with Chris Berman ,  Mel Kiper Jr. ,  Jon Gruden ,  Ray Lewis ,  Mort on ESPN   is two weeks from tonight.Build up is on the clock . How about Josh Johnson serving as the Bucs No . 2 QB and Josh Freeman serving as the inactive No . 3 ?  Interesting . On the telephone right now with my good friend @Michael Lombardi ,  who knows football as well as anyone I've met . Good guy for FF . Looks like 49ers moving on from another RB ,  one they re signed just March 27 ...  Jacksonville claimed five players on waivers DT Eli Ankou TE James O'Shaughnessy ,  LB Donald Payne ,  DB Lafayette Pitts ,  T William Poehls . The Dallas Cowboys released wide receiver Laurent Robinson . The team re signed fullback Tony Fiammetta . Fella . An explanation of why Joey Bosa is the only first round pick not in camp and why his absence could last a bit  . Vikings WR Percy Harvin officially inactive . Filed to ESPN Former Steelers WR Antwaan Randle El is returning to Pittsburgh ,  agreeing to a three year deal with the team tonight . Browns waived RB Ben Tate ,  team announced . Some newsy headlines coming up on ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown from @mortreport and me . #CountdownToKickoff . NFL announced Browns' WR Josh Gordon reinstated on conditional basis ,  but suspended first four games . With Nick Hardwick out for the year ,  Chargers plan to sign former Steelers and Bills OL Doug Legursky . Jaguars and free agent TE Julius Thomas have reached an agreement ,  per @MikeKlis . Big pickup for Jacksonville . And Steelers used transition tag on LB Jason Worilds . For fantasy insight ,  please follow my friend ,  @writerboyESPN . Pittsburgh matched offer sheet for WR Emmanuel Sanders . Lions announced they have hired former Miami HC Al Golden as their tight ends coach . Former Falcons HC Mike Smith now scheduled to interview w Giants on Monday ,  per source . Smith highly impressed Dolphins with HC interview . From the Pacific Northwest Seahawks designated kicker Olindo Mare their franchise player . Steelers President Art Rooney ,  II will address the media and the Ben Roethlisberger matter at 230 p.m . today at Steelers headquarters . Vikes Saints drew 57.9 million viewers to rank as most watched conf champ game since 1981 NFC Champ Game featuring The Catch.Lions have signed first round draft pick Riley Reiff ,  the team's web site reported . Vikings' cuts today included former Packers TE Brandon Bostick and RB Joe Banyard . You won't believe who's thinking of joining the Warriors now ...  DeAngelo Hall  toe  not expected to play ,  Bashaud Breeland will try to play with hurt hamstring ,  Chris Culliver will do same with sore knee . RT @daringantt Chicago Trib says Alex Brown's first stop is New Orleans ,  with Carolina and TB also interested . First Divisional Playoff Houston at Baltimore next Sunday ,  1 pm . New England hosts Pitt Den winner Saturday night . Eat your heart out ,  @OGOochocinco . RT @NFLprguy . received Chargers media guide . bio 4 @shawnemerriman refers to his Twitter prowess . Falcons offensive coordinator Mike Mularkey is scheduled to interview Tuesday for the Jaguars head coaching job . A man made earthquake from Seattle's 12th man during Marshawn Lynch's memorable TD run . Peter . After attending his brother's funeral in Valdosta ,  Ga. ,  yesterday ,  Jags LB Telvin Smith is expected to be active vs Lions today ,  per source . Saints also downgraded TE Jimmy Graham from questionable to out . Graham did not accompany the team on its flight to Tampa this afternoon . Jags placed Placed RB Rashad Jennings ,  CB David Jones ,  DE Aaron Morgan ,  RB Richard Murphy ,  and DT DAnthony Smith on injured reserve . RT @kaiser31 I love you ,  you love me ,  how many comebacks will we see  ?  A retirement ,  and tear or 2 ,  Without Favre news what would we do  ?  Eagles' TE Zach Ertz has been ruled out of Monday night's game vs . Chicago . And now the Eagles have reached agreement with former Dolphins CB Nolan Carroll . Philly moving and shaking . Packers are the third defending Super Bowl champion to start the following season 8 0 ,  joining the 1990 49ers and 1998 Broncos . Broncos released RB Bernard Pierce and claimed RB Stanley Williams on waivers from the Bengals . So you're sending me either a Syracuse helmet or a Zingeramn's care package ,  @miketirico  ?  Good deal . We're on . Good luck . RT @mshagrin No CC is criminal .  ...  Guess 130 touchdown catches don't go as far as they used to  absurd . . Panthers DE Greg Hardy already signed his franchise tender as the two sides continue to work on a long term deal ,  per source . Denver's second HC interview now wrapped up . Dolphins DC Vance Joseph on deck . Rams are now making former Washington OC Sean McVay the youngest HC in NFL history ,  per source . McVay turns 31 years old on Jan . 24.Cardinals announced they released Darnell Dockett . Chargers released ,  amongst others ,  LB Kevin Bentley ,  WRLaurent Robinson ,  S Quinton Teal ,  and WR Kelley Washington . Giants S Antrel Rolle is visiting Bears no deal in place . Love when those hard earned royalty checks for my gripping performance in The Longest Yard come rolling in ...  About time former Cubs 3rd baseman and longtime Cubs radio color commentator Ron Santo was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame . Packers' RB Eddie Lacy is scheduled to be in Seattle today and tomorrow ,  then on to Minnesota for Sat Sun ,  before visiting Green Bay . 49ers LB Reuben Foster ,  listed as questionable for Sunday due to rib ,  will play vs . Cardinals ,  per source . There to stop Adrian Peterson . Titans rookie WR Corey Davis will return to action Sunday vs . Baltimore after missing five games due to a hamstring injury . RT @mortreport In addition to NFL safe ride program ,  Woody Johnson funded player protect program he could've called for a ride wo cost . Big move for Seahawks . RT @espnnfl Seattle Seahawks to hire former San Francisco 49ers GM McCloughan  . RT @mortreport Denver Post reports Moreno may have torn hamstring injury ,  but no official word . Buckhalter seems less major   upper back.RT @mortreport League notifies teams of supplemental draft date of Aug . 17 but no players have been declared eligible ... yet . You don't know what you're missing ,  @SIPeterKing . We just tried to grab dinner   and you don't think of this   but couldn't park . Too big . With Jets win ,  a No . 6 seed now has prevailed in six of last seven No . 1 vs No . 6 matchups in NFL postseason . #jimmoraplayoffvoice . RT @jr9887 Any chance Chilly winds up in Cincy  ?   ...  Could . But remember Childress is being paid a lot this year whether or not he works . Chicago traded a late round pick to the Buccaneers for DT Brian Price ,  per sources . Steelers announced today that Al Everest has been hired as the teams new special teams coordinator . Not even Monday yet ,  and 49ers ,  Browns ,  Eagles ,  Titans and Dolphins have changed head coaches . Still to be resolved NO ,  IND ,  NYG ,  others . RB Michael Bush ,  G Robert Gallery and DL Richard Seymour inactive for the Raiders . Giants FB Henry Hynoski tore his medial collateral ligament and suffered a chip fracture to lateral plateau . Surgery Friday . Falcons DE Adrian Clayborn now has five sacks today   Cowboys miss Tyron Smith . And Sunday NFL Countdown   which will include 10 Questions from Mort and I   is on . Worst news this time of year Bears' C Hroniss Grasu tore his right ACL and will need surgery ,  according to @Suntimes . Texans S Ed Reed ,  recovering from off season hip surgery ,  is not expected to play tonight vs . San Diego ,  per sources . Tabloid headline tomorrow is a layup Turkeys . Raiders QB Derek Carr ,  off the injury report after missing last weeks game with a back injury ,  is starting Sunday vs . Chargers . NFC EastDak Prescott ,  75 passing attempts ,  no interceptions  NFL rookie record .Carson Wentz ,  71 passing attempts ,  no interceptions . Denver says it will do the trade that is best for its franchise . Jets or Jags . Craig Sager remembered for love of family ,  sports and flashy coats . With @JimIrsay wanting to hire his GM by mid week ,  Eagles director of player personnel Ryan Grigson is in Indy today for second interview . Bears worked out veteran WRs Santonio Holmes and Ben Obomanu ,  per sources ,  but not appear to be signing either for now . And now ,  former Colts C Jeff Saturday officially has agreed to a deal with the Green Bay Packers . Nice Packers pickup . After losing TE Niles Paul to season ending injury ,  Redskins' Jay Gruden said TE Logan Paulsen will have surgery on turf toe ,  out for year . Time to start grooming a Peyton successor  ?  Colts GM Chris Polian and HC Jim Caldwell put TCU QB Andy Dalton through a private workout today . Rams officials ,  holding the No . 2 overall pick ,  are traveling Friday to Clemson to work out WR Sammy Watkins . And two more first round picks in 2018 ,  too . Chicago Sun Times writer Rick Telander is pledging brain to concussion research  ...  Browns QB Brian Hoyer tore his ACL ,  an MRI confirmed . Done for season . Raiders used No . 1 overall pick on JaMarcus Russell ,  a 1st  and 2nd rd pick on Carson Palmer ,  and now are counting on Matt Flynn as savior . For the time being ,  Jets sticking with the three QBs they have on their roster . Could look to bring in a veteran later this preseason . Mike Singletary announced what everyone expected he would . Alex Smith has replaced Shaun Hill as his team's starting QB . Redskins WR Pierre Garcon will not play today vs . Cincinnati . Paint at LA Coliseum looks good to go . And so Jim Harbaugh casts his vote for Colin Kaepernick . Eagles agreed to terms with K Jake Elliott and placed K Caleb Sturgis on Injured Reserve . On this day 34 years ago ,  No . 34 ,  Walter Payton ,  rushed for a then NFL record 275 yards against the Vikings . #Sweetness . RT @pmoutzo Saints beat 3 HOF quarterbacks to win the Superbowl . Warner . Farve . And Manning . Wow . A postcard from Jaguars camp and the unique way that @JonesDrewd32 signed the back of our ESPN bus . Bigger news than Strasburg for one day . RT @espnnfl Washington Redskins expect unhappy Albert Haynesworth at camp  . Filed to ESPN In return for QB Jason Campbell ,  Redskins receive the Raiders fourth round pick in 2012. #nfldraft . Bengals activated C Kyle Cook from their ReserveInjured list . 49ers signed CB Keith Smith to a one year contract . The team also released WR Micheal Spurlock . Cavs' title eases grip of The Fumble for Earnest Byner 'A peace washed over me' ...  And it is no surprise ,  but it is official No . 1 overall pick Cam Newton will start Carolina's opener vs . Arizona . Doctors expect it to be a clean up of Ben Roethlisberger's meniscus ,  not a full repair ,  per source . Quicker ...  Here's a huge signing ...  RT @espnchris Welcome back ,  Keith Olbermann . Titans' LB David Bass fined 17,363 for hit that was penalized and left Saints' QB Drew Brees with stiches in his jaw ,  per source . Saints HC Sean Payton said CB Tracy Porter has a sprained MCL ,  not the torn ACL some outlets reported . No timetable on his return . And Bills QB EJ Manuel has undergone knee surgery in Buffalo . Congrats to @parisbryant She wins one copy of  . NFL slapped Titans owner Bud Adams with a whopping 250,000 fine for flipping the double bird . Other key inactives Lions RB Kevin Smith ,  Chiefs QB Kyle Orton ,  Ravens LB Ray Lewis . RT @SeantheOC What about Joe Webb  ?  Did well last games .  ...  If Minnesota liked him so much ,  it wouldn't have gone QB in round 1.Fantasy alert Patriotss 3r rd pick Stevan Ridley had three touchdowns   two rushing touchdowns and one receiving touchdown . OT Jake Long agreed to terms with Rams ,  as @ProFootballTalk reported . One day after losing Pro Bowl FB Leonard Weaver to season ending knee injury ,  Eagles signed former Seahawks fullback Owen Schmitt . Cam Newton's contract is worth 56 million less in overall money and 28 million less in guaranteed money than Sam Bradford's deal . In this Blame Game for the shutdown of our country's most popular sport ,  who is the biggest villain  ?  Please vote now . Contracts of Saints OC Pete Carmichael and former interim HC Aaron Kromer both expired after this season ,  making them coaching free agents . Here's how good DC Todd Bowles' defense is in Arizona Carson Palmer threw four picks Sunday and the Cardinals still won in Seattle . Valid point . RT @jagsfan415 @AdamSchefter no body is talking about Torry Holt facing his old team this weekend . I think that's pretty big . Former Nebraska DE and NFL prospect Randy Gregory told @KimJonesSports that he tested positive at the combine for marijuana . Non LeBron news Archie Manning said this Saints roster ,  on paper ,  may be their strongest ever ...  But ... Bengals' Adam Pacman Jones was cited for disorderly conduct early this am . This is at least his 8th NFL arrest . RT @NFLprguy The 400 fans wout seats last nite went on field postgame ,  received free merchandise ,  food ,  beverage ,  2,400 ,  free SB46 tix . Indianapolis made strong run at Frank Gore over weekend before Eagles offered more . But Gore has struggled with decision . Colts back in mix . Raiders CB Nnamdi Asomugha sprained his ankle MRI on Monday . Ankle is swollen and sore ,  but Asomugha does not think injury is serious . Steelers LB LaMarr Woodley signed his franchise tender today . Ensures he will be paid about 10 million ,  plus still can do long term deal . RT @RAYbeingRAY Rashard Mendenhall signing with AZ today  ?   ...  If they offer him enough ,  maybe . But he'd like to take planned trip to Denver . Bills LB Paul Posluszny  foreman  and S Donte Whitner  thumb  practiced Thursday and will play vs . the Jets . If Carolina gave Cam Newton a four year ,  22 million deal ,  Andrew Luck's new four year deal with Colts will be mighty close to that contract . Good job by these teams . RT @backseatfan Panthers ,  Bears ,  Cowboys and Patriots are only teams to sign all their picks  . Carolina drafted yet another quarterback this time Cincinnati QB Tony Pike at No . 204. #nfldraft . Former Colts RB Dominic Rhodes ,  whom the NFL suspended the past year ,  has been reinstated and is free to sign with a team . Deadlines can change minds . But NFLPA is poisted to decertify Friday . One person tonight Get ready for this to blow up tomorrow.Bears HC Marc Trestman said Jay Cutler not expected to play Sunday vs . Vikings . Here's a change Kirk Cousins' contract talks with Washington now taking on an encouraging tone ...  No T.O. ,  no Roy W ,  no Jessica S ... Big D running out of scapegoats . Before deciding to go to FOX ,  Jay Cutler had real discussions with Jets ,  and less promising ones with Texans . Cutler opted for analyst role . At No . 135 ,  Falcons select Oklahoma DB Dominique Franks . #nfldraft . RT @ImmortalMike Do you think after last nights monster performance ,  Nick Fairley moves up to a Top 5 pick  ?   ...  Top 3.Packers WR Jordy Nelson agrees to three year contract extension ,  via ESPN's John Clayton . David Johnson being carted off . Horrible way to start and end the year . RT @AntonioPierce RT Tom Coughlin wins off field ,  too . His Jay Fund gala on Oct . 1 raised 775,000 for families of children with cancer . Browns WR Nate Burleson fractured his arm in an accidental hit at OTAs . Unlike last year ,  no pizza involved this time . myself . Packers WR Jeff Janis had 95 career receiving yards before last night . He had 101 receiving yards on game tying drive that sent it to OT . RT @mortreport McNabb fractured rib . Lions signed former Packers' TE Andrew Quarless ,  who's suspended the first two games of the season . Former Cardinals WR Andre Roberts reached agreement on a 4 yr ,  16 million deal with the Redskins ,  per source . That whole Kerry Rhodes Rodney Harrison feud last week  ?  Made up . @Rodneyh37 is an impostor ,  a false account . Please delete from your files . New Lions' RB Justin Forsett and Zach Zenner expected to split carries today ,  per source . Forsett picked up Lions offense quickly last week . Not to ruin @Espngreeny's morning ,  but Ryan Fitzpatrick's 154 passing touchdowns are the most by any player without any playoff appearances . Buccaneers are giving former Seahawks guard J.R . Sweezy a 5 year ,  32.5 million deal ,  per source . The Eagle   or is it Viking  ?    has landed . Brett Favre now on the ground in LA and getting ready to attend tonight's ESPYs . Now the judges in St . Louis have to figure out whether the NFL's lockout is legal and whether promos for Hangover 2 can use a face tattoo . RT @LosVaqueros11 Yo ,  what did u think of Andrew Luck's game  ?   ...  Same as before . Big timer . If he comes out ,  lock him into No . 1.Falcons are singing former Colts LB Pat Angerer ,  per team official .   . Reggie Hodges to active ,  AJ Trapasso to practice sqd RT @johnson652 @AdamSchefter Did the Titans sign another P or is Hentrich alright  ?  Former Raiders LB Thomas Howard was one of two people killed in high speed crash on Hwy 880 early Monday ,  Alameda County Coroner confirmed . New York ,  New York Eli Manning ,  Geno Smith tied for league lead with 11 turnovers each . This should explain angerconfusion emanating from Seattle RT @JaysonBraddock There's a 3 hr delay on sarcasm to Seattle ,  it's on PST . Packers HC Mike McCarthy said he believes WR Greg Jennings will be ready to play Sunday vs . Minnesota . Since 1982 ,  56 players have at least 75 career sacks . Only two never made a Pro Bowl  Jim Jeffcoat  102.5 sacks  and Simon Fletcher  97.5 .After sitting on my butt yesterday ,  time to get busy today . Spinning  !  Look like Scuba Steve in my spin shorts . Video from the Boston Marathon   with story on ABC   is sickening ,  horrifying ,  exasperating . QB  !  Washington LB Trent Murphy has a torn ACL ,  as @nflnetwork reported ,  but also has a torn MCL as well ,  per source . Season ending injury . Giants just handed me my media credential . Says Adam Schefter ,  ESPNTwitter. I might be first person ever to be credentialed with Twitter . Bengals S Roy Williams was placed on the injured reserve list with a forearm injury . S Chinedum Ndukwe now will start at safety . CB market almost all dry RT @SIPeterKing CB Kelly Jennings goes back to Seattle on a 1 yr deal . Will test market again in 2012.Always think the winner of a Thursday night NFL game has a big advantage it gets the W and an extra bye weekend to savior it . listen . Sunday will be first time there are two regular season games in LA since Dec . 24 ,  1994 ,  when Rams and Raiders played their last games there . Engraved inside each Super Bowl ring that Seahawks received last night is this LEAVE NO DOUBT ,  247 ,  SEA 43  DEN 8 and WHAT'S NEXT ? Broncos have informed RB CJ Anderson they are matching Miami's offer sheet ,  per source . He stays in Denver . Free agent tight end Kellen Winslow is invited to the Jets mini camp next week on tryout basis . Not only is CB Darrelle Revis active for the Chiefs today ,  hes serving as a team captain against the Jets . Will Fuller for Texans . His first scholarship offer was from Bill O'Brien at Penn State . Ended up flipping commitment to ND with sanctions . Are either of these two the most irreplaceable men in the NFL  ?  If not ,  then who  ?  Eagles win a game but lose their QB to a potentially devastating knee injury . RT @espnafcsouth Jeff Fisher told Chris Johnson wants 30 40 million guranteed So do I.tonight . RT @Vikings Here's a look at @GregJennings signing his contract with the #Vikings  . RT @TAPP68 Is it me or are there a lot more contract ext's happening than normal  ?   ...  Always a handful before season . Some biggies today . Chuck Bednarik ,  one of the last 2 way NFL players ,  died today after brief illness at an assisted living facility in Richland ,  PA . He was 89.Don't forget ,  Steve Mariucci was offered the Redskins head coaching job two years ago before Washington gave it to Jim Zorn . Raiders re signed RB Darren McFadden to a one year ,  4 million deal ,  per source . I guarantee this picture will be one the highlights of this summer's Bus Tour . In the latest twist out in Arizona ,  Cardinals are placing LB John Abraham on injured reserve due to concussions ,  per source . Packers HC Mike McCarthy said WR Jordy Nelson would be hard pressed to play Sunday vs . Detroit . So Patriots expected to land top free agent CB Stephon Gilmore . January 8 is date ofMusic City MiracleBeast mode run vs Saints.Tim Tebow OT TD throw vs Steelers.Two more games today to add on ... Postcards from each teams' camp can be found to the right of the Saints postcard ,  if you're interested in your teams'. bulls . Atlanta Falcons wide receiver Roddy White has been added to the 2010 NFC Pro Bowl roster . Eagles add DE Jason Babin and LB Matt Wilhelm   both . Replacements and reinforcemrents . Bucs RBs Doug Martin and Charles Sims both out tonight vs Carolina . Jim Harbaugh on WR AJ Jenkins A.J . had his best week of football since hes been a 49er the last four days of OTAs.Training camp previews for all 32 teams . RT @espnnfcwest Ginn solves 49ers' return issues    . Might mean nothing or something . But one Pats official said practices this week were 10 times better' than practices before Super Bowl XLII . And as @mortreport reported ,  Cardinals scheduled to meet a second time Tuesday with Broncos OC Mike McCoy . This week's NFL Power Rankings on  . Saints have re signed restricted free agent tight end David Thomas . Scott Fujita ,  Anthony Hargrove ,  Will Smith and Jonathan Vilma  were notified today that Roger Goodell has upheld the discipline imposed . NFC playoff picture as of this am 1. Cardinals 2. Packers 3. Eagles 4. Falcons 5. Seahawks 6. Lions . RT @Jrad5221 You in Ann Arbor for the C.S . Mott Childrens Hospital fundraiser  ?   ...  Exactly . Great event for an even better cause . Broncos list Montee Ball as out ,  Julius Thomas as questionable and Emmanuel Sanders as probable . Put that blackberry Twitter app on waivers ,  and don't expect anyone to claim it . #Ubersoc . NY Giants and TIMEX announced that they have mutually terminated their partnership agreement . Should Andy Murray hold on here ,  ESPN needs to re run the great feature on what a championship would mean to Dunblane . Joey Bosa not listed on Chargers' final injury report . His debut comes Sunday . Just another NFL Sunday ... Refs use paper to measure first down.Jerry Richardson announces the Panthers are  f  . Remarkable story of the morning ... Lions claimed TE Khari Lee off waivers from the Chicago Bears ,  per source . He's this WR the Niners drafted in April who's pretty good . Ever hear of him  ?  RT @toffeeboy75 @AdamSchefter crabtree who  ?  RT @mrjgates where is the @JonesDrew32 pic back to back  ?  !  ?   ...  What ,  you'd think I'd forget  ?  Who has who  ?  Jaguars re signed backup QB Chad Henne . 49ers sent out a mass email this afternoon to teams around the league to try and trade safety Taylor Mays . Brian Urlacher said Jay Cutler is elite in terms of salary ,  but not performance . Another unlikely QB story Redskins QB Pat White looks roster spot worthy . RT @sinistershade Dave Logan for head coach at CU  ?   ...  Would be the perfect choice   big Dave Logan fan . Changes already are afoot . Filed to ESPN Jaguars will release former Pro Bowl DT John Henderson today . Their top two picks were DTs . RT @renaud112  Percy Harvin or Danny Amendola  ?   ...  The guide I'd use to decide who to start and who to sit at any spot  . Here's the team to watch on CB Joe Haden ,  as @JosinaAnderson noted ,  once he's officially released at 4 pm today the Pittsburgh Steelers . So much for that free Sunday . ESPN2 now ... RT @grimslaa Who's interested in Matt Flynn  ?  Will 49ers take a look with Alex Smith's contract up  ?   ...  Smith Niners right for each other . Vikings promoted QB Chandler Harnish from practice squad to active roster ,  a sign Teddy Bridgewater will not start tonight . More Ben . RT @mortreport Outside The Lines @ 3 ,  SC Speical @ 330 ,  NFL Live @ 4 ...  will explain why discipline angles from team & league . Colts RB Joseph Addai will participate in non contact drills only ,  and a timetable for a full return to action still is uncertain . Bud Sasser ,  Rams 6th rd pick who couldn't play due to pre existing heart condition ,  has become teams' external football affairs coordinator . Jaguars TE Julius Thomas is playing tonight ,  per source . Former Patriots CB Brandon Browner is in New Orleans visiting Saints . Also scheduled to visit Redskins next . Dolphins placed first round tender on RB Ronnie Brown . Tender is 110 percent of last year's salary ,  which comes out to 3.969 million . RT @MatthewHass8 Thank you for all your prayers for my daughter .  I read them to her tonight as she went to sleep . Another kinder Jesus weighs in . RT @NFLJesus Fools give full vent to their rage ,  but the wise bring calm in the end. Proverbs 2911, . Most stunning fact I heard at Eagles camp . OC Marty Mornhinweg's son ,  Skyler ,  a HIGH SCHOOL FRESHMAN ,  already has commited to Stanford . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . RT @RapSheet Too funny RT @realpatriots Belichick was named Fan of the Game @ Bruins' win  HT @985TheSportsHub   . Adrian Peterson ,  Ray Rice and Matt Forte each thank Chris Johnson . Each is entering the last year of his contract . Bills placed rookie K Dustin Hopkins on Injured Reserve . Dolphins made concessions to make deal palatable ,  but Ryan Tannehill was unwilling to miss more time to continue fight on offset language . RT @Philaphonic28 Will carson palmer be starting this year and what are the potential sites  ?   ...  Starting as Mr . Mom . Patriots parting ways with their offensive line coach Dave DeGuglielmo ,  as @RapSheet reported . Always dressed for the occasion .  NFL fined the Ravens 343,057 and HC John Harbaugh another 137,223 for practice violations ,  per @JimTrotterNFL . The Dwight Freeney story that aired at the start of ESPN's pregame show about 540. Sigh of relief Jets QB Bryce Petty suffered a Grade 1 MCL sprain and hopes to play Thursday night ,  per source . Ready for regular season . No ,  it won't continue like this but for now ,  Julio Jones is on pace for an NFL record 181 catches ,  a record 2,346 yards and 21 TDs . Not bad . Lions have informed Stephen Tulloch that he will be released after start of the new league year . Giants WR Sterling Shepard ,  listed as questionable for tonight against Washington ,  is unlikely to play due to his m  . The stay is granted . Lockout is on . RT @robghag Any info on Richard Sherman's appeal  ?  Suspension going to be upheld  ?  .  ...  He'll play Sunday ,  then verdict expected next week . RT @JordyHendricks Who's chiefs QB next season  ?  Kyle Orton or Matt Cassel  ?   ...  Cassel is the man going into camp ,  that's for sure . Ryan Leaf was booked on felony charges of burglary of a residence ,  criminal possession of dangerous drugs ,  plus misdemeanor theft . Get the spelling right   or it could be a fine  !  RT @gregaiello boom bom pow  !  RT @bydavidwhite Javon Walker says it was a surprise to him when Raiders threw him a 55m deal . He's not alone . Jets @ Colts Saturday night 820 EST ,  Packers Eagles Sunday late game . In past month Giants signed former NO OT Charles Brown ,  former KC OL Geoff Schwartz ,  former Denver C J.D . Walton ,  former Miami G John Jerry . A big thank you to @Xenithfootball for getting my son geared up for his football season in a #betterhelmet . Bears said QB Jay Cutler and LB Lance Briggs will not play Sunday vs . Rams . Player rip Jay Cutler on Twitter . Packers complain about team picture on Twitter . Hasselbeck Cromartie feud on Twitter . #Twitterswhereitsat . Raiders snapped their 13 game losing streak to San Diego . Panthers gave LB Thomas Davis 1 year ,  6.75 million extension that includes 3M fully gtd ,  per source . Extensions rare for 35 year old LBs . Browns terminated the contract of running back Jamal Lewis ,  the team announced . Texans said their DC ,  Wade Phillips ,  continues to improve from his surgery . His condition has been upgraded to good . Check out how the Ricky Williams trade shook out all these years later . Great job by @JohnMinton3 and the best storyteller there is on TV ,  Tom Rinaldi.After all this time ,  @RyanDLeaf is a standout again . RT @jasonjwilde I don't think this is necessarily the end of Hawk in GB .  ...  Nor do I . My hunch is he'll return with a new deal   soon . Now official ...  RT @GeoffSchwartz76 Excited to officially be a new member of the @kcchiefs  !  Patriots placed C Dan Koppen  leg  and DL Myron Pryor  shoulder  on injured reserve and signed DB Phillip Adams and DL Landon Cohen . Cowboys plan to sign S Will Allen ,  who started eight games last year for Steelers . The NFL fined Broncos HC John Fox 30,000 and Denver DC Jack Del Rio 25,000 for their behavior during last Monday nights loss to Atlanta . Jets QB Matt Simms backs up Michael Vick today with Geno Smith inactive due to shoulder injury . Even after signing Donte Stallworth and trading for Anquan Boldin ,  the Ravens still are attempting to re sign free agent WR Derrick Mason . To get look at hardships of homeless ,  Rams' William Hayes  Chris Long lived on street for 24 hours . Story airs on Sunday's  SportsCenters . Broncos RB Knowshon Moreno ,  WR Brandon Lloyd ,  DE Elvis Dumervil and WLB D.J . Williams returned to practice today . Without T.O . and w football focus on Favre  Vick ,  Dallas has gone completely under radar . Jerry Jones has to be loving it . Or hating it . As @ClaytonESPN reports ,  Patriots have acquired Chad Ochocinco after he accepted a restructured 3 year contract  . After Lovie Smith ,  Romeo Crennel and six other were fired ,  there eight HC jobs filled . Not one hire was a minority . Double motivation for Bengals . Need a win to help their wild card chase and they also own Raiders second round pick so each Oak loss helps . Bucs QB Jameis Winston is starting Sunday vs Buffalo . If it isn't one thing ,  it's another Lions RB Mikel Leshoure injured his hamstring during Saturday's practice . Dolphins host Bills on Sunday ,  and no practice today for either RB ,  Miami's Lamar Miller  ankle  or Buffalo's LeSean McCoy  hamstring .RT @DerickShannon19 Dolphins next move  ?   ...  Let's see if they can get Dustin Keller done today . RT @JoshCribbs16 Thanks everyone ,  I love playing for browns & put my all in to it ,  but it doesn't look good 4me at this point on returning . Rams DB Troy Hill suspended the first two games of 2017 regular season for violating NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . RT @coachAB73 Who do you see Tennessee taking with the 20th pick  ?   ...  In a perfect world ,  a quality CB falls to the Titans . Cleveland Browns have requested and received permission to interview Patriots' defensive coordinator Matt Patricia ,  per a league source . So far this NFL postseason ,  10 games ,  eight blowouts . Football Playoff Gods need to be better in Houston and Super Bowl LI . According to @mortreport ,  Giants have placed guard Mitch Petrus on waivers and activated tight end Travis Beckum from the PUP list . Even with expectation Vincent Jackson and Logan Mankins will report ,  do not expect either player to be dealt by Tuesday's trade deadline . 4 pm est Matt Barkley announcement will air live on ESPN @NFLLive .  ...  Keep hearing he's staying . DE DeMarcus Ware is expexcted to miss three to four weeks with a strained quad . Reports are that Falcons WR Roddy White is seeking a more lucrative contract than Larry Fitzgerald . I'm told ,  Categorically false . ESPN Films' 30 for 30 trailer OJ Made in America.Breaking news   and not good . American student Amanda Knox was found guilty of murder in Italy and sentenced to 26 years in prison . Bears WR Kevin White scheduled to undergo MRI on his injured ankle this morning ,  per @DickersonESPN . Vikings now with 12 wins ,  starring straight at NFCs No . 1 or No . 2 seed . Minnesota might not have to play another  . Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch has been added to the teams Week 10 injury report with an abdominal injury . Hes questionable for Sunday . NFL sees drop in player concussions during 2016 season . Draft never has been this raucous   ever . Not even close . Philadelphia bringing it . Ravens DT Haloti Ngata just signed his franchise tender of 12.476 million . Mr . Irrelevant ,  the Colts last pick ,  is Northern Illinois QB Chandler Harnish . Bengals are promoting Paul Guenther to DC to replace Mike Zimmer ,  per source . Maybe somebody I run into somewhere at a camp can help get me straightened out . If nothing else ,  my wife would appreciate it . Thank you  !  Bears free agent safety Brandon Meriweather now planning to visit Washington on Wednesday . Filed to ESPN Dolphins have arranged for Matt Flynn to visit Miami after his visit to Seattle . Miami's chances of landing Peyton dwindling . Contrary to reports ,  Dolphins LB Channing Crowder is telling people he does not have a season ending foot injury and will be ready for camp . Cardinals QB John Skelton is available to play today against Buffalo ,  even though he didnt get many reps in practice this week . RT @VittorioTafur Here is a question Is Cable only NFL head coach with a tattoo  ?   ...  No . Lions HC Jim Schwartz has one on his left ankle . Neither Colts WR Pierre Garcon nor RB Donald  Brown made trip to Jacksonville . Both are out vs Jaguars . Ted Wells and NFL have asked Dolphins to we delay their meeting with Jonathan Martin until they have the opportunity to meet with him . RT @BostonPolice In time of rejoicing ,  let us not forget families of Martin Richard ,  Lingzi Lu ,  Krystle Campbell and Officer Sean Collier . And with Elvis Dumervil going to Baltimore ,  Denver figures to make a strong push for Dwight Freeney . Two of the three 63 yard field goals ,  including Sebastian Janikowski's just now ,  have been kicked in Denver . To add to story ,  Steelers' DB Senquez Golson suffered a hamstring injury today . Raiders and Richard Seymour talked new contract ,  but looks like nothing can be done now ,  has to wait till after season . If Cowboys beat Browns today and Redskins on Thanksgiving ,  Giants lead will be a half game when they play next game next Sunday vs Packers . Yes ,  Tim Tebow deal is happening in Philadelphia ,  as @JayGlazer reported . Now free agent kicker Neil Rackers must go find a new home ,  somewhere other than Arizona . Anyone need a kicker  ?  Despite being listed as questionable with a hamstring injury ,  Jaguars RB Maurice Jones Drew is expected to play today . A priority for the Bills ...  Matt Ryan wins MVP ,  possible bad news for Falcons on Sunday . NFL MVPs have lost the past seven Super Bowls they have played that season . Atlanta Falcons have no two game home stands ,  and alternate home ,  road ,  home ,  road the entire season . Chargers RB Melvin Gordon scheduled to undergo an MRI on his hip Monday . Broncos have offer out to Elvis Dumervil . But looking at Dwight Freeney and John Abraham in event they cannot bring back Dumervil . Another reminder of how quick NFL careers go Tom Brady turns 36 today . LA Rams announced they have released TE Jared Cook ,  DE Chris Long and LB James Laurinaitis . RT @MichaelDeMocker Photo Saints defensive coordinator Rob Ryan dances up a storm at the Greek Festival . RT @mortreport Reported for ESPN NFL confirms Ray Lewis fined 25,000 for hit on OchoCinco . he will appeal to at least get a reduction . Wait ... there's a game here today  ?  !  ?  I thought we were here for @JimIrsay vs . Peyton Manning . RT @Cardschatter QB Derek Anderson speaks OK ,  lets try this in a manner that doesnt end up on YouTube. Former Packers ,  Broncos TE Mitchell Henry dies of leukemia ...  New Ravens' RB Trent Richardson has lost 22 pounds this off season.The before ... and after . MRI on running back Maurice Jones Drew's lower extremity is negative . It's only a bruise . Jones Drew is fine . RT @wingoz per Newark Star Ledger ,  The trade window for Giants Osi Umenyiora has closed .  ...  And the soap opera continues . Rams released TE Cory Harkey ,  QB Dan Orlovsky and placed TE Temarrick Hemingway on ReserveInjured and RB Lance Dunbar on ReservePUP . Patriots and Falcons looked like No . 1 seeds they are . Steelers as No . 2 seed also looked strong . Shaping up as intriguing postseason . Philadelphia Daily News headline on the Eagles decision to go with QB Michael Vick Top Dog . Friday 10 Spot Why Michael Vick is midseason MVP ,  cheers for Tom Coughlin ,  Kentucky's fantasy sleepers ,  another Peyton  . RT @jtarg23 Have u heard anything on robert mathis to jets  ?   ...  File it under a trade that should but won't happen . Chargers WR Patrick Crayton starting in place of WR Legedu Naanee . Former Jaguars HC Mike Mularkey told Pat Kirwan and Tim Ryan he would start Chad Henne over Blaine Gabbert . Eagles RB DeMarco Murray leaves practice with a hamstring injury . Former Broncos OL Mark Schlereth interviews his HOF RB Terrell Davis   truly touching . Lakers have hired Mike D'Antoni ,  signing the former coach of the Suns and Knicks to a four year contract . Spinal surgery for Steelers LB Ryan Shazier  . RT @ATLJBO22 Have the compensatory draft picks list been released yet  ?   ...  This week the league will announce them . Byron Westbrook is expected to miss the Redskins next game due to his knee surgery . But Westbrook reunion did not go as planned . RT @itsZuri Marcell Dareus ,  Patrick Peterson ,  and Robert Quinn . Those are the only prospects Denver should be looking at for #2  ...  Agreed . For those that can't attend player's party RT @GeorgeAtallah You can catch a live feed from tonight's event at  . Broncos' not only players fined for opener . Panthers' G Trai Turner also fined 9,115 for taunting ,  per source . Former Heisman Trophy winner Rashaan Salaam's death ruled a suicide  . Entertaining and iconic Cam Newton's 422 passing yards tied Matt Stafford for most passing yards in a game by a rookie QB in NFL history . No hitter alert Rays pitcher Matt Garza has a no hitter through eight innings vs . Tigers . A look at whatever happened to former Bengals QB Akili Smith and how today's players can avoid problems he didn't  . Randy Gregory had another violation of NFLs substance abuse policy and is now facing a longer suspension ,  sources tell @toddarcher and me . AP reporting that financial data that the NFL offered is not what the NFLPA was requesting . If Seattle had pick No . 40 ,  which it traded to SD for Charlie Whitehurst ,  it would have had a better chance at landing WR Brandon Marshall . Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow .  Six more weeks of winter takes us right up to NFL free agency . 49ers WR Anquan Boldin is inactive today . Since his rookie year in 2010 ,  no LB has more INTs than Sean Lee  11  ,  and only four players have averaged more tackles per game  9.2 .Denver is giving former Eagles' guard Evan Mathis a one year deal that could be worth up to 4 million with playtime incentives ,  per source . Biggest CB domino expected to fall after new league year kicks off  Rams CB Janoris Jenkins is poised to join NY Giants ,  sources tell ESPN . This is some real heart palpitating hockey . Classic stuff . Wondering now with a friend has there ever been a bigger story in sports history than what has transpired at Penn State  ?  Statement from Odell Beckham Jr. I owe some people an apology . I wasnt raised to act like I did the other ...  RT @ZachAFT @AdamSchefter @tunasweasel You have 4 dogs  ?  !  ?  !   ...  Yup . Four labradoodles . Here are three of them . Ravens signed FB Vonta Leach to a two year deal . Today's front page of the NY Post ...  RT @TAshley Team Campbell or Team Gradkowski  ?   ...  Believe it'll be Team Gradkowski . Facebook users will appreciate this ...  Mr . November did it again Tony Romo improved to 20 3 as a starting QB in the month of November . LA Rams officially exercised 5th year option on DT Aaron Donald ,  per @FieldYates . First team to officially use 5th year option this year . A postcard from St . John Fisher College and Buffalo Bills' training camp .  CIN ,  DEN ,  JAX ,  MIN ,  TB only teams in NFL that did not take the additional room in 2012 from WASDAL penalty . Those 5 teams get room in 2013.There is nothing in the world I'd rather do than get ready for a great pregame show ,  then to watch championship football . #lovethisday . DeMeco Ryans' deal includes 21.75 million guaranteed and 26.3 million in the first three years of the contract . After Dr . Andrews cleared him for football last week ,  former No . 1 overall pick Jake Long is set to work out Weds for Atlanta ,  per source . RT @mqmorasch Fired Coaches walking  ?  Cincy ,  Carolina ,  Oak ,  SF ?  ,  SD  ?   ...  Can't be fired if your contract is up like in Cincy and Carolina . Surprisingly ,  Pats deactivated Ty Warren . After Denver released Kyle Orton ,  three teams   KC ,  Dallas ,  Chicago   put in waiver claims . Would seem like only two QB chairs left . Bills announced hiring of Doug Whaley as teams Assistant General ManagerDirector of Pro Personnel   the GM in waiting . Hoops review from last night ,  preview of tonight winners of Game 5 of a 2 2 series have gone on to win series 83.5 pct of time  137 27 .Police likely to wrap up Brandon Marshall nightclub investigation this week . Police have struggled to find evidence Marshall was in wrong . RT @lab0203 Does this now mean Roger Goodell's salary will be 1 for the next year  ?   ...  I believe the commissioner is due for a haircut . In perfect world ,  Haynesworth's  would be split amongst Chris Johnson ,  Revis ,  Mankins ,  V . Jackson ,  McNeill ,  Dumervil and those deserving . Andrew Luck will not play in Week 16 against Miami ,  per head coach Chuck Pagano . Other notable inactives Maurice Jones Drew ,  Michael Vick ,  Tony Moeaki ,  Davone Bess . CB Cortland Finnegan ,  WR Brian Hartline are active . Super Bowl odds via @BovadaLVPatriots       71Seahawks  81Packers      101Steelers      101Panthers     111Cardinals     141 . James Harrison responds to NFL's interview request with a sworn affidavit  . Set your DVRs . RT @SIPeterKing Saw a dvd of the GrudenSaints show on ESPN  airing tonight  ,  and it's really good . Very insightful . Unless I have any inside intel ,  I am invoking a moratorium on Where will Vick end up speculation and questions . It's enough . For now . Filed to ESPN Saints restricted free agent RB will sign a one year ,  1.7 million offer sheet with Eagles ,  according to agent Josh Luchs . Packers have claimed LB Diyral Briggs on waivers from Denver ,  signed LB Matt Wilhelm ,  and placed DE Mike Neal and LB Brady Poppinga on IR . RT @eaglesadvocate Now that draft is over ,  who are ur Top 5 teams  ?   ...  Good question . Saints ,  Colts ,  Vikings  with Favre  ,  Ravens ,  Cowboys . So Rex Ryan wasn't through with him Aaron Maybin re signed with Jets . Some good names out tonight to scout some good players  . Spending day with @Allhands Volunteers ,  cleaning up one of the multitude of homes in Long Beach ,  NY ,  that needs all the help it can get . Since Ben Roethlisberger made his first career start ,  the Steelers are 8 5 in games without him but 0 4 vs the Ravens . Oh boy . RT @chargers Friday officially declared #BOLOTieFriday  !  Fans encouraged to rock team colors with BOLO  !  Washington's Cedric Griffin is suspended without pay for teams next four games for violating NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . Odd that De Smith has wanted to see profitability figures and now NFLPA is turning down chance to see them . More here  . C'mon ,  man . Michigan should be better and above this . Embarrassing ,  not to mention illegal . Pats report to camp today preparing to start a QB not named Brady in opener for first time since 2001 ,  snapping NFL's longest active streak . Dolphins announced they have reached out to the NFL and asked it to conduct an objective and thorough review of Jonathan Martin situation . Now official Steelers released linebacker James Harrison ,  the team announced today . Patriots inactives include Albert Haynesworth  back  ,  TE Aaron Hernandez ,  WR Taylor Price ,  Ras I  Dowling ,  Patrick Chung ,  Sebastian Vollmer . New Orleans filled with more Ravens' fans than 49ers' fans ,  which should translate into something of a homefield advantage for Baltimore . Ever get excited for someone else to see a movie  ?  Brother in law just sat down in Hangover and I know he's going to LOVE . Titans QB Matt Cassel injured his thumb Tuesday and will miss the next six weeks should be ready for camp . Bills announced that the team has released P Brian Moorman and signed free agent P Shawn Powell . Good explanation RT @ProFootballTalk Biggest change in the offseason would be moving start of free agency  . Statement from Browns WR Corey Coleman agent David MulughetaUnfortunately Corey Coleman's name has surfaced in ...  Please help a great longtime ESPN employee ,  Leah Siegel ,  in any way you can . Thank you in advance . The man knows what he speaks of . RT @billromanowski Her's my insights on Westbrook's concussions  . The money on the Boss . RT @RavensInsider Kansas City Chiefs have signed TE Kevin Boss to a three year ,  9 million deal . Drew Brees Home vs . Road              Road  HomeW L         2 2     6 0TD INT    7 5     19 3Comp pct 60.7  73.5QBR         58.5   78.5RB LaDainian Tomlinson is talking with Vikings ,  but he also is talking with others  don't know who  and no deal is imminent . Bears RB Matt Forte is active . RT @cardscott5 I thought of another one . @adamschefter is as accurate giving links as JMMarquez was to hitting Floyd Mayweather Saturday . Let's rule out some more potential landing spots for Ben Roethlisberger No Raiders ,  no Jaguars . Raiders trade up to Cleveland spot in Round 4 to grab MSU QB Connor Cook . To repeat and now confirmed Bears starting QB Jimmy Clausen over Jay Cutler on Sunday vs . Detroit ,  per sources . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell to be deposed in Colin Kaepernick collusion case ,  per source.RT @DAShowProducer Peyton Manning and Tom Brady now share the exact same QB rating for their respective careers at 94.9.Buccaneers signed former Giant Robert Ayers 3 years ,  19.5 million ,  could get to 21 million ,  per source . Pass rusher for Bucs . More Tebow info ...  RT @espn Sources Tim Tebow signs five year contract with Denver Broncos    . Let's see some of the best suggestions RT @ffootball Create a Caption Adam Schefters lockout job  . Bills signed K Dave Rayner to the 53 man roster and placed NT Kyle Williams on injured reserve . Big loss for Buffalo . Ray Rice signed a five year ,  40 million contract that includes 17 million in year one and 25 million in the first two years . Buccaneers being considered for this year's Hard Knocks . Decision could come before draft . Redskins will release wide receiver Antwan Randle El . RT @revis24 good morning world . i just woke up from this crazy dream . @OGOchoCinco came to Revis Island and disappeared . Michigan TE Jake Butt has insurance policy and gets 10,000 every pick not picked ,  per @darrenrovell has collected about 150,000 so far . The NFL has gone CSI in its investigation of Vikings QB Brett Favre . Here's the latest intriguing twist  . This is called schedule friendly For the second straight week ,  the Saints going against a QB making his first NFL start . Browns fans ,  relax . I'm told Braylon has an akle injury and he will be just fine . So now ,  in span of a week ,  49ers LBs Chris Borland and Patrick Willis both have retired . Peyton Manning ,  the QB who James Harrison said Big Ben is trying to emulate ,  threw 12 INTs in his own territory last year Ben threw three . Seahawks signing CB Byron Maxwell to a one year deal ,  per source . Ben Roethlisberger at hospital . Maybe shoulder will turn out to be separated . But all Steelers have been told so far is it is sprained . Aaron Rodgers fell before Twitter existed . This is different . Jimbo Fisher was glowing about EJ Manuel as a man ,  but very open and honest with teams about how limited he felt Manuel was as an NFL QB . So Steelers claimed ace return man Jacoby Jones on waivers    the player who Mike Tomlin tripped on the sideline . Now work together . Giants G Chris Snee restructured his contract ,  lowering his salary from 7.2 million to 1.1 million  1M of incentives . So 2.1 max cash . Steelers announced they agreed to terms with former Cardinals RB LaRod Stephens Howling . And Bears G Matt Slauson tore his pectoral and is out for the year . Dolphins claimed former Jets first round draft pick Quinton Coples off waivers ,  as @barryjackson1 reported . Coples now faces Jets on Sunday . Kyle Orton reached a three year agreement with the Dallas Cowboys . Broncos owner Pat Bowlen sent his plane to pick up John Fox in Charlotte and to bring him back to Denver before Thanksgiving . Long way to go ,  lots of money at stake ,  but here were the whispers at the owners meetings Season now in peril ...  Former Colts and Eagles OT Winston Justice is visiting the Steelers today and is scheduled to go to Cleveland on Wednesday . 3rd round compensatory picks awarded to NE ,  KC ,  CINCY 4th rounders to SF ,  DEN ,  SEA ,  CINCY ,  BALT 5th to CAR ,  SEA ,  BALT ,  KC ,  KC ,  HOU ,  BALT . Broncos closing in on a deal to make Vance Joseph their HC ,  per @JosinaAnderson . RT @ericstangel  Thurs Chad Ochocinco stops by Late Show w David Letterman to deliver special top 10 list . Seattle claimed kicker Steven Hauschka on waivers from the Broncos . Seahawks also claimed former Giants T Jarriel King . RT @JBarenchik Any word on Marshawn Lynch and his wrist injury  ?   ...  He's playing . That's what Beastmode does . Plays . Drew Brees announced that he and his teammates will kneel prior to the National Anthem on Sunday at Wembley Stadium ,  then stand during it . Bears agreed to terms with CB Tim Jennings on a two year contract . Touchy in Texas . RT @EgoVictum Tired of people saying the SB is in Dallas or Fort Worth . It's in neither . Please people it's in Arlington  !  During an interview with a team ,  former Auburn QB Cam Newton ran into his first issue at the Combine . After drafting a surplus of WRs ,  Browns have released veteran WR Brian Hartline ,  as @ProFootballTalk also reported . Accompanying music for tonight ...  No wonder Saints struggled on extra point . Holderkicker combo for Saints is a combined 84 years old   Carney  45  and Brunell  39 .Here we go 49ers trading TE Vernon Davis to Denver for 6th  and 7th round picks this year ,  and a 6th round pick in 2017 ,  sources tell ESPN . Clete Blakeman ,  who said the coin didn't flip in OT at Arizona ,  will be referee for Super Bowl 50 ,  as  . Broncos CB Chris Harris ,  one of Denver's top defensive players ,  tore his ACL and is out for season ,  via me and @JeffLegwold . NFL's recently formed advisory panel to help minority coaching candidates already advocating candidacy of Louisville's Charlie Strong . Want to read something really good  ?  Read @LarsAndersonSI's cover story on the tragedy in Tuscaloosa . Really good read . Loser of todays Eagles Gaints game will travel to London next season to play St . Louis Rams . Winner gets Seahawks in Seattle next season . And the Cleveland Browns are ,  officially ,  on the clock . Former Michigan QB Devin Gardner ,  who's converting to WR ,  is signing with New England Patriots ,  per source . Following @Edelman11 QB WR path . Sad day continues Former NFL head coach and defensive coordinator Buddy Ryan died Tuesday ,  according to his agent James Solano . He was 82.They keep winning ,  and have been impressive ,  but Chiefs are still only team in NFL without a receiving touchdown by a wide receiver . Wow RT @LesBowen According to abacus ,  Eagles now pick 86 in third ,  105 ,  121 ,  122 and 125 in 4th ,  134 and 136 in 5th ,  200 6th ,  243 ,  244 7th . When Seahawks couldn't get Marshawn Lynch out of Buffalo ,  they got RB Lendale White out of Tennessee . White and Carroll reunited #nfldraft . RT @ShamrockDan Do you have contract details on new San Diego CB Vasher  ?   ...  Two years ,  4.5 million . Good work if you can get it . Giants will use their franchise tag on DE Jason Pierre Paul if the two sides fail to reach a long term deal by March 2 ,  per team source . Saints officially are releasing WR Lance Moore today ,  per source . Breakfast this a.m . with NFC coaches . Panthers TE Greg Olsen will undergo surgery on his broken right foot and is expected to miss 6 8 weeks ,  per @mortreport . You got it . RT @5avage say good morning to Gruden for me . Retired QB Peyton Manning and franchise player Von Miller ,  yet to sign his tag or new contract ,  both scheduled to be at White House on Mon . Vikings QB Sam Bradford expected to return Monday night vs Bears ...  Ravens plan to hire former Texans HC Gary Kubiak as their offensive coordinator and former Texans OC Rick Dennison as their QB coach . Chargers QB Philip Rivers had the day off from camp today . Many veterans are given off days in which they don't ...  An update on whether Panthers WR Steve Smith will be back for the regular season opener vs . the NY Giants   . Chiefs activated LB Tamba Hali to the 53 man roster from PUP . New Jets DE Kony Ealy and Sheldon Richardson are cousins and now teammates . Orlando Scandrick statement I would like to apologize to my children ,  my family ,  the Jones Family ,  my coaches ,  ...  Jaguars WR Troy Williamson resigned with Jacksonville ,  a one year deal . He would have been a restricted free agent ,  but deal now done . RT @richeisen Band back together . For a meal ,  anyway . Me and @AdamSchefter  . Though the Chargers announced punter Mike Scifers suffered a shoulder injury ,  they fear he fractured his clavicle ,  per league source . RT @EricStangel Late Show w David Letterman  Food Assistance For Haiti  . RT @espnnfcwest Darnell Dockett incurs 15,000 fine    . LB Jonathan Casillas reached agreement on a one year deal worth up to 3 million with Bucs ,  per his agent @Blakebaratz . Two veteran Giants OL  guard Chris Snee  hip  and center David Baas  neck    were declared out of Sunday's game vs KC . Teams scheduled to have least picks in final four rounds today NO  2  ,  CHIC  3  ,  DAL  3  ,  CAR  3  ,  DEN  3  ,  NYJ  3  ,  SD  3 .Chiefs MLB Derrick Johnson has agreed to remain in KC  on a 3 year contract worth 21 million ,  per @Edwerderespn . And credit @MikeGarafolo with the initial story . NFL teams will be disappointed Oregon QB Marcus Mariota said he will return to school for 2014. Mariota could have been first QB drafted . Carricker on sale RT @SalaryCap101 Carriker has 2 yrs remaining on his rookie contract #Redskins will pay him 1.07M in '10 & 1.42M in '11 . The Greatest is gone . What a life and legacy.RIP . So depending on A.J McCarron's MRI today ,  Sunday's game could be Bengals' QB Keith Wenning vs Ravens' QB Ryan Mallett . Who'd have thought  ?  On mixed reports on Calvin Johnson's status for Sunday ,  I can only report that Jim Schwartz said he expects him to play . Guess we'll see . He better not throw some one hopper to home plate or he's going to hear about it till the Super Bowl . Ron Rivera is returning to Panthers . 49ers and Patriots began talking trade Monday morning and ,  by tonight ,  the trade was officially agreed upon . Garoppolo to San Francisco . Anybody realize Larry Johnson turns 30 on Nov . 19 ?  Hard to imagine ,  but this actually could be his end run in the NFL . Am I missing something @PeteThamelNYT  ?  Why would any college hoops player leave school early this year when it sounds like no NBA next year  ?  Eagles' WR Nelson Agholor not expected to face charges after investigation into sexual assault accusation ...  So Browns and Bills both passed on Jimmy Clausen and Colt McCoy in round two . Feel bad for the QBs . #nfldraft . Love that Peyton Manning and Reggie Wayne played the whole game . Kudos to them . You're this close ,  go for it . U.S . Patent Office on Wednesday ruled the Redskins' nickname is disparaging of Native Americans and canceled the team's trademarks . RT @Humble83 #beatcancer #beatcancer #beatcancer #beatcancer #beatcancer #beatcancer #beatcancer #beatcancer #beatcancer #beatcancer . On this day in 1941   June 2 1941   Lou Gehrig died of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis at the age of 37.Questionable with a calf injury . RT @jephunk @AdamSchefter Kicking it in Cleveland .   What happened to Phil Dawson  ?  Turning pro early @JacCollinsworth joins Sunday NFL Countdown . Going to be a big off season pickup ...  49ers new starting QB is Colin Kaepernick . Jonathan's Vilma's lawyer Peter Ginsberg filed suit today claiming Roger Goodell has made various public statements t  . Drafted this letter before the draft ...  RT @DeBoXL Favre wouldn't turn Rachel Nichols or Ed Werder down . Show up anyway  !   ...  Don't think he'd appreciate us showing up at 4 a.m . Raiders HC Tom Cable ,  to the best of anyone's knowledge ,  was unaware that Hue Jackson was coming to Oakland today for an interview . Eagles RB Brian Westbrook already has been ruled out of Sunday night's game versus the Giants . Former Browns' GM Ray Farmer joined ESPN's NFL Insiders today as an analyst    . The Tennessee Titans are likely to use their franchise tag on safety Michael Griffin . Statement from Terry Glenns agent for his 11 year NFL career ,  Jimmy GouldI am truly heartbroken by the news of. Bengals are backing their LB Bengals' statement on Vontaze Burfict's 5 game suspension  . RT @AJCNYC56 @AdamSchefter question Does T.O warrant consideration to the Hall of Fame without a ring  ?  &lt  Consideration  ?  Absolutely . Bengals CB Adam Jones told reporters yesterday he wouldn't play Sunday . Jones had foot in cast ,  was wheeling around locker room on scooter . Falcons RB Devonta Freeman ,  who missed the past two games with concussion ,  has been cleared to return to practice today . Bengals placed WR Chris Henry on the ReserveInjured list and resigned free agent G Scott Kooistra . Still early ,  plenty can happen ,  but hard to imagine a more intriguing NFC Championship game than Michael Vick returning to Atlanta . Dont'a Hightower is returning to the New England Patriots ,  sources tell ESPN . New England's off season rolls on . Former Redskins CB Carlos Rogers and the 49ers reached agreement on a one year deal . Ravens are the No . 4 seed in AFC . Since current seeding system was introduced in 1990 ,  No . 4 seeds are 6 1 in conference championship games . Redskins RB Clinton Portis not expected to play Sunday versus his former team ,  the Broncos ,  due to his concussion . What if I told you ... where you're from runs deep  ?  @30for30's #RandUniversity premieres tonight at 8pm ET ,  ESPN . 49ers are signing WR Austin Collie . Vince Young looks like the same quarterback and yet a different quarterback . More mature ,  more polished ,  more dangerous . Another loss for Houston Texans RB Steve Slaton will be placed on injured reserve   out for the year . Texans' GM Rick Smith on veteran DT Vince Wilfork's future My expectation is that Vince is not playing anymore.It's official NFL notified Chargers yesterday that WR Vincent Jackson will be suspended three games for violating league policies.RT @Edwerderespn Text from Dwight Freeney Surprised to hear they wanted to go different direction . Would have been nice to retire a Colt.Eric Mangini on injured Peyton Hillis Hell do significantly more today than he did yesterday and he should be fine for Sunday.A blow for the Broncos WR Demaryius Thomas ruptured his Achilles during an off season workout . KCNC in Denver first reported injury . Tests confirmed Texans QB TJ Yates tore his ACL ,  per source . Here's how to make someone look like a dictator . RT @PTI frienemy @AdamSchefter wanted order restored on the PTI set . Defensive coordinator carousel continues the Broncos hired former Saints secondary coach Dennis Allen as their defensive coordinator . A good one ...  RT @espnnfcwest To the bank . RT @TonyGonzalez88 Where do you think LeBron is going  ?  Cowboys owner Jerry Jones doesn't rule out activating QB Tony Romo for Steelers game Sunday ...  Hear what Jon Gruden looks forward to in this year's QB Camp . Soundbyte    . Bills HC Sean McDermott announced rookie Nathan Peterman will start Week 11 against Chargers . Tyrod Taylor to the bench . Looks like Browns will get done deal with Hue Jackson before he gets on flight to New York for interview with the Giants ,  per sources . And so Roddy White and DeMarcus Ware ,  who entered league in same draft class in 2005 and never missed an NFL game ,  each will miss today . Fifty years after Cleveland drafted Ernie Davis ,  they've traded up to No . 3 to draft another RB ,  Trent Richardson . Watson just went past pin on second shot of par 5. He's in great shape to take lead . Biggest Super Bowl LI bets in Nevada . The 7 listed names are part of estimated 20 who will be affected by new drug policy once NFL approves it ,  likely to occur in next 24 hours . SalPal reports Cam Newton is at Ravens walk through practice to visit his brother ,  Cecil Newton Jr. ,  a center on Baltimore's practice squad . My single favorite moment of any NFL season is Super Bowl kickoff   thousands of flashbulbs simutaneously exploding . Beyond cool . I know Bills aren't going with Jon Runyan RT @corynesselbush Truth to the Bills signing Jamon Meredith from Packer's practice squad  ?  Patriots have clinched AFC East title   10 in the past 11 seasons . Derek Carr fell to 2nd round and started his NFL career 0 10. Now on brink of becoming one of highest ,  if not highest ,  paid player in game . Former Buccaneers RB Bobby Rainey visited Dolphins today as Miami continues reviewing options . Steelers deactivated RBs Mendenhall and Redman . Dwyer starts again . Ravens ruled out RB Terrance West  calf  ,  TE Maxx Williams  ankle  for Thursday vs . Dolphins . Mike Wallace ,  Jeremy Maclin ,  Perriman all Q . Rams QB Austin Davis completed 18 of 21  86%  vs . SEA ,  the highest completion % ever allowed by a defending Super Bowl champion ,  per Elias . Dolphins signed linebacker William Kershaw and placed cornerback Will Allen on season ending injured reserve with a knee injury . Browns have made 8 first round picks since 2011. Only 4   Mingo ,  Gilbert ,  Shelton ,  Erving   remain with team . RT @steveely42 Hope you expand on the Brandstater point  ...  Have just heard enough to think he has a chance   a real chance   to make it . Aaron Hernandez now indicted on 2012 double murder in Boston as well ,  per multiple reports . RT @mschauf63.. Is it true that Mangini's making all the rookies walk to camp carrying his new office furniture  ?  Chiefs safety Eric Berry officially has signed his franchise tender and is back for work . Will be ready for opener . Seahawks starting CB DeShawn Shead returned to practice Wednesday . He has been on PUP all season recovering from knee surgery . Ravens tried out veteran CB Champ Bailey ,  per @FieldYates . On this weeks podcast ,  ask your football and non football questions using #AskAdam . Please tweet them to us . Then  . Raiders RB Michael Bush is active . Thomas Edward Brady ,  Jr . turns 39 today . Once Brothers ,  featuring Vlade Divac in ESPN's latest 30 for 30 series ,  is some top shelf TV . Props to the people that produced it . Patriots starting defensive end Rob Ninkovich now is expected to miss 4 6 weeks after tearing his triceps today ,  per source . Buccaneers and RB Doug Martin reached agreement on five year deal worth over 35 million ,  per source . Los Angeles' first round pick that Tennesee owns will be the fifth overall selection in 2017 NFL Draft . Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski will not play today vs . Dolphins due to hamstring injury ,  per source . RB Donald Brown's new contract with SD via @MikeGarafolo 3.25m SB ,  6.75m in base salaries over 3 years . Total of 10.5m . RT@superjayman ... so we should be looking out for Vinny Chase's new sports journalist friend Aaron Scheffler on Entourage this season  ?  OK ,  the top suggestions of followers for this picture ... Former Eagles DL Cullen Jenkins reached agreement on a three year deal with the New York Giants . Fort Worth policeman Charles Gonzalez ,  who's worked here 15 years ,  said he never has felt this city any windier ,  snowier or colder . Ravens traded a future pick to Rams for WR Chris Givens . ESPN's Kevin Seifert noted 45 mins ago that CB Benny Sapp was missing from Vikes practice and is likely trade bait for WR Greg Camarillo . RT @RdrNation3 @AdamSchefter how bout the Raiders  ?  can we get some love  ?   ...  Love to the Raiders . Hope that improved your Friday . Rob Ryan will be Grand Marshall of a Mardi Gras parade . Chargers Raiders game ,  at this point ,  remains scheduled in Oakland . Ken Whisenhunt bringing another former Steeler to Arizona Cardinals reached a two year deal with former Pittsburgh CB William Gay . So This is what it's like to have a non working ,  non football Sunday ... It's actually almost chilly outside   in the 50s . Last days of summer . Fall   and football   is here . Marshawn Lynch is at Raiders' facility today ,  as @PatMcAfeeShow reported . Source believes eventually it will happen.Jaguars' G Luke Joeckel will undergo knee surgery Thursday for major MCL injury ,  a meniscus tear and possibly an ACL tear ,  per @mortreport . Washington RB Matt Jones and GB RB Christine Michael are inactive for tonight's game . RT @AnthonyCapp how close are jets to signing taylor  ?   ...  Jets plan is to get it done . Rex Ryan told Taylor he'll have 15 sacks for NY . Colts WR Austin Collie had a setback Thursday and now is doubtful for Sunday . Desert draws older crowd Cardinals signed Emmitt Smith in 2003 ,  Edgerrin James in 2006 ,  Chris Johnson in 2015 and now Adrian Peterson . RT @espn4d Austin American Statesman says Cedric Benson arrested ,  charged w assault for altercation May 30. Transition to Bengal complete . Steelers promoted second year LB Donovan Woods to their active roster today . Chiefs are first team not to hold a lead during a game in first 8 games of season since 1929 Buffalo Bisons ,  who folded after 1929 season . A warm welcome to someone who's new to Twitter ,  but not Carolina ,  @DeAngeloRB . New York Giants will host the Dallas Cowboys at MetLife Stadium in the 2012 season opening NFL Kickoff game on Wednesday ,  September 5.Eagles confirm they have completed their interview today with Chiefs OC Doug Pederson in Kansas City . Unlike last year ,  Bengals won't be slapping their franchise tag on K Shayne Graham this year . RT @mrpuffalos You mean Matt Kalil ,  right  ?   ...  Yes . Keep confusing Kalils . Matt Kalil   no lock for Minnesota . Some around league believe Washington ,  with former Bucs HC Raheem Morris as its DB coach ,  is poised to make run at free agent CB Aqib Talib . WR Anquan Boldin agreed to deal with Bills last week ,  backed out ,  and then decided today to take the one year deal worth up to 4 million . Didn't practice and my guess is he doesn't play even though he is listed as questionable . RT @Rafael031 @AdamSchefter westbrook staus  ?  Money for nothing   Richard Seymour remains on Oakland's 53 man roster ,  which means he's on course to collect weekly check of 216,764.71.Jets chairman and CEO Woody Johnson ,  updating contract talks with holdout CB Darrelle Revis  My impression is no progress.Raiders' RB Marshawn Lynch remained seated during national anthem Saturday night ...  As @taniaganguli reported ,  Jacksonville hired Falcons OC Mike Mularkey as their head coach . Bengals fear CB Leon Hall tore his Achillies today . Hall is scheduled to have an MRI on Monday to confirm if true . While waiting for a flight ,  and many are waiting for their drafts ,  let's answer some fantasy football questions ... Bring 'em . Another loss Colts 1st rd pick Phillip Dorsett fractured his ankle and ,  before Monday's tests ,  now expected to miss 4 6 weeks ,  per sources . Jacksonville plans to hire former Falcons QB coach Bob Bratkowski as its offensive coordinator ,  reuniting him with HC Mike Mularkey . Today's official inactives include WR Calvin Johnson ,  RB Reggie Bush ,  WR AJ Green and QB Jake Locker . Nothing could be worse Todd Heap accidentally hit and killed his 3 year old daughter while moving his truck ...  RT @EricStangel Breaking NFL News  New USC head coach Lane Kiffin will interview today for the Buffalo Bills head coaching position ... Tune into the @Elite11 Selection Show on ESPNU 8PM EST to see who @TDESPN selects to compete in the best HS QB competition in the country . Like this kickoff  time for Sunday late afternoon doubleheader games on CBS and FOX will be moved from 415 PM ET to 425 PM ET . Even though he is listed as questionable for Thur vs . Detroit ,  Vikings WR Stefon Diggs is unlikely to play due to knee injury ,  per sources . RT @espn Maurice Clarett inks 1 year deal with UFL's Omaha team     . Packers RB Ty Montgomery out for game with rib injury . RT @RBJordan How tough a situation are packers in with a death in family ?   ...  Not Packers . Philbin family . Unimaginable and unspeakable . Derek Anderson was due a 2 million roster bonus by March 19 ,  and there was no way the Browns were paying it   and teams knew it . Rams said they will deactivate CB Troy Hill for Sunday's game after his DUI arrest . And one for Miami Dolphins signed third round pick ,  Ole Miss guard John Jerry ,  the team announced . And the St . Louis Rams will begin fielding phone calls for pick No . 33 tomorrow night ,  if they haven't already . Auction . #nfldraft . Packers WR Jordy Nelson officially inactive . Jags QB Blaine Gabbert officially active . Excuse me Catanzaroed ... Bengals signed former Jets and Bills LB Aaron Maybin . RT @Mrs12thMan602 but it's only 11  ...  Robinson was released last week . Released players free to sign when they want . Interesting ,  no  ?  RT @terrellowens RT @mcgowanboi @terrellowens Dallas just found out they had a T.R . problem not a T.O problem  ! Eagles announced LB Jason Phillips suffered a torn ACL in his right knee during today's practice . Oscar Pistorius indicted on charges of murder . A.J . Green ,  who aggravated his toe injury Wednesday ,  is not practicing today . Bengals website has reported Green may miss multiple games.After 11 NFL seasons and two Pro Bowls ,  former Rams and Ravens QB Marc Bulger said he is retiring . More at ESPN.com . Pittsburgh West grows Cardinals officially hired Ray Horton as their defensive coordinator . RT @BiggPolo any truth 2 snyders preference of gruden over shanahan ifwhen zorn is fired  ?  ... lots of rumors   rumors ,  that's all it is . RT @adbrandt Secret non mediated unknown location settlement negotiations between the NFL Owners and NFL Players have resumed . Hope floats . Cowboys offered Seahawks 2nd  and 3rd round picks for their 1st to trade up for Paxton Lynch ,  per @toddarcher . Broncos' offer trumped it . Brandon Marshall on Ryan Fitzpatrick He better be back with the Jets . RT @espnnfcwest Statement from Rams' Stan Kroenke    . Condolences to the family and friends of former Cowboys asst coach Joe Avezzano . RIP . Brett Favre to Jay Leno I haven't made a decision yet. Translation we can expect to see Favre in Minneapolis this August . It's only quarter pole ,  but Vikings' GM Rick Spielman and Eagles' GM Howie Roseman's late night call has translated to combined 7 0 record . After meeting with Jets officials today ,  free agent QB Brian Hoyer has decided to head to Denver to visit the Broncos ,  per source . Bucs signed LB Jon Alston ,  the former Raider . The night before Washington played the Rams ,  Redskins coaches played a 10 minute highlight video that spanned the last  . Between Bears and Raiders ,  jokes flowing RT @kmonarq7 Reports are that Al Davis is already interviewing candidates to replace Hue Jackson . Raiders claimed former Eagles LB Keenan Clayton on waivers . And it's now official Patriots announce signing of Tim Tebow . Let jersey sales commence . Broncos proposed 6 yr ,  114.5M deal to Von Miller that includes 39.8M gtd in first 2 years ,  per sources close to Denver . No deal in sight . False RT @TheRealAColby @darrenrovell1 Checketts leaked Faulk's involvement to @AdamSchefter to generate PRmove past Rushkeep bid alive . NFL has placed a 1,411,765 charge against Ravens salary cap to reflect pending Ray Rice grievance against team ,  ...  Vikings RB Adrian Peterson needs and has opted for surgery on his groin in the near future ,  according to ESPN's @JosinaAnderson . RT @alfonsarelli If there is no season this year ,  what will be draft order next year  ?   ...  League hasn't addressed it won't for a while . For the record ,  when the modified OT rule was passed Tuesday in Orlando ,  Seahawks HC Pete Carroll said he was at Space Mountain . Who knew ? #PeytonRecord#Onto600  . Miami police investigating49ers QB Kaepernick ,  2 others in incident at hotel ...  Ravens have released QB Thad Lewis ,  TE Larry Donnell and C Jeremy Zuttah . We know never to drink and drive . Soon enough we'll realize never to tweet and drive . Jameis Winston responds to latest accusationsA news organization has published a story about me regarding an ...  RT @CoachGraham1 Jordan Shipley is making Antonio Bryant sweat  ...  Carson Palmer told me Shipley is one of smartest rookies he's ever seen . Board that @McShay13 built for this year's draft ,  spelling out where he thinks players will be picked  . And the first QB from Class of 2012 that includes Andrew Luck ,  RGIII and Russell Wilson has signed ...  Some sound advice . RT @wingoz i think until we actually find out what's wrong with Jay everybody should take a real step back here . According to ESPN's Football Power Index  FPI  ,  Browns now have 85% chance to get 1st overall pick in 2017 NFL ...  Surest sign Jason Garrett's deal getting done in Dallas NFL announced Cowboys' and Ravens' coaching staffs will coach this year's Pro Bowl . After 15 seasons in Cincinnati ,  Marvin Lewis is planning to leave the Bengals after this season to pursue ...  Jaguars LB Telvin Smith on his four year extension worth up to 50 million  . We have Football Sunday ,  Follow Friday and ... Errands Saturday . Patriots now have gone six straight Super Bowls without a 1st quarter point  for whatever that's worth ...  Eagles WR DeSean Jackson practiced today and said he expects to be a game time decision for Sunday . Tuesdays best at NFL camps Scuffles at Bengals ,  Patriots ,  Colts camps . J.J . Watt sits out practice again ...  Bears announced they are releasing DE Julius Peppers . This is called ,  Winning a roster spot ...  Eagles HC Doug Pederson said TE Zach Ertz ,  questionable for Sunday with hamstring ,  will play vs . Broncos . Titans get1st  15 overall 2nd  43 2nd  45 3rd  76 1st rd pick in 20173rd rd pick in 2017 Rams get1st  No . 1 4th  113 6th  177  . RT @TheTimRogers @AdamSchefter There is one Bengal who made the Pro Bowl . Congrats Bengals cheerleader ,  Sarah  !  Goes without saying but Chiefs now expected to release QB Matt Cassel ,  who will have a market for his services . Chris Mortensen selected as PFWAS 2016 Dick McCann Award winner . Yes ! Bengals declined to offer tenders to TE Daniel Coats ,  TE J.P . Foschi and DT Shaun Smith . They're free to sign anywhere . Beware Carolina and Detroit Cam Newton and Calvin Johnson are squaring off in the Madden NFL 13 Cover Vote finale . Fractured fibula for Marcus Mariota.Broken fibula for Derek Carr.Crushing . Bears were having trade talks regarding Allen the past couple of weeks ,  at least . Other teams knew he was available . Falcons news RT @RachelNichols  Falcons team source confirms to me that Michael Turner will not play today . Jason Snelling to start . Just in case Vincent Jackson was wondering Franchise tag for WRs this off season is expected to be about 10.6 million . Tag coming his way . DeMarco Murray has high threshold for pain . Said one source We primarily left it up to him ,  in which case he will definitely opt to play.Heres the article from @SethWickersham and @DVNJr that has shined the NFL spotlight on Houston ...  NFL notified Bengals' DB Adam Jones he is being suspended for first regular season game for violating leagues Personal Conduct Policy . Not happening . RT @Sparky4ddub @AdamSchefter Bowe to Baltimore  ?  Maybe ,  hopefully  ?  Tony Romo is wearing a back brace as he begins to recover from a compression fracture of his L1 vertebra . A sign life is spiraling out of control dreamed about the Saints appeal . Cardinals placed rookie WR Ryan Swope on reserveretired list due to concussions . Looks like his NFL career is over . Suddenly the Seahawks have the most intriguing QB storyline in the NFL . Get SalPal to Seattle  !  Super Bowl MVP @MalcSmitty flies to Florida today to shoot a Disneyworld TV commercial . Bills LB Arthur Moats will now be the answer to an NFL trivia question . Bills have announced that K Rian Lindell has signed a contract extension . Mangia  !  Cleveland either can lose it's Pro Bowl C Alex Mack for nothing or absorb a painful contract that will impact Browns elsewhere . Patriots now have won at least 10 games for 15 straight seasons SF holds NFL record with 16 from 1983 98.Patriots re signed RB Brandon Bolden . Bolden and placed LB Shea McClellin on injured reserve . The San Diego Chargers claimed linebacker Ali Highsmith off waivers from the Arizona Cardinals . Seahawks RB Eddie Lacy has a groin injury and is doubtful to return today . This makes me sad . RT @nytimes Louis Zamperini ,  Olympian and Unbroken War Survivor ,  Dies at 97  . So Sean Payton suspended one year ,  effective April 1 ,  and Tebow traded to Jets . Bills today announced they have activated RB C.J . Spiller from ReserveInjured Designated for Return . Despite the fact that both sides continue talking ,  the Ravens and Ray Rice have not made any progress toward a new deal ,  per source . As @ClaytonESPN reports ,  talks between the Steelers and unsigned restricted free agent Mike Wallace have broken off . S Washington is trying to finalize a trade for Saints OT Jammal Brown . The trade is not believed to involve disgruntled DT Albert Haynesworth . As a wise NFL philosopher said upon learning of the FisherTitans divorce ,  If something's inevitable ,  might as well make it immediate . Lynch told Gailey ,  Lets get this thing rolling . Well ,  they already had it rolling ,  but let me come add my wheel to it.RT @TomPelissero Teams with no Pro Bowl picks Buffalo ,  Cincinnati ,  Seattle ,  Tampa Bay . Two of those teams might make the playoffs . RT @MacGregorESPN Pacing back and forth as he decides retirement ,  Favre accidentally completes Redskins conditioning test . Day in the life of Johnny Manziel ...  fall . Since becoming the Cowboys starting QB in 2006 ,  Tony Romo has been the NFLs winningest quarterback in November  24 5 .Ravens LB Terrell Suggs is expected to undergo surgery on his torn Achilles next week . He is likely out for the 2012 season . Minnesota Vikings are trading for Eagles' QB Sam Bradford ,  league sources tell ESPN . Titans left guard Byron Bell dislocated his ankle during the teams first OTA and will miss the entire 2016 season . 22 Umenyiora has asked the Giants to wipe out the last year on his contract that now has two years remaining . Standoff continues . Fun way to start day . RT @davehydesports Tony Sparano in best post game NFL scene of them all . Video  . Bad news ,  Atlanta . Players tell me Falcons WR Harry Douglas has a torn ACL and is out for the year . Confirmed . Paging Roddy White . Please give a big Twitter welcome to my dear friend @andyelkin   the real life Ari Gold . WR DeSean Jackson listed as probable ,  WR Jeremy Maclin listed as questionable . Congratulations to the new OGBA champion ,  the man that went from worst to first ,  as well as Commissioner Rogoff . Fine job . #fantasyfootball . Look who's on Twitter ,  for real . RT @CoachTomlin Hello Twitter . Expect no BS from me . Just straight fire  !  Friend @PSchrags has new book on @OJBrigance ,  Strength of a Champion ,  out today . Talk about strength  . RT @MikeReiss Attempting to craft a contract that would work for both Vince Wilfork and Patriots . In case the men in Washington and Atlanta forget Saints and Packers are supposed to kick off the season exactly 50 days from today . Some surprises . RT @chargers Released Jacques Cesaire ,  Anthony Davis ,  Mario Henderson ,  Jacob Hester and Nick Novak . After visiting Cowboys this week ,  QB Matt Moore scheduled to meet with Colts on Mon ,  per source . Former MIA HC Joe Philbin coaches in Indy . Cleaning up some iessues from before Detroit claimed QB Zac Robinson on waivers from Seattle . Rams got Dallas' second round pick . Hits keep coming Saints RB Mark Ingram underwent arthroscopic knee surgery Thursday that is expected to sideline him six weeks . Jaguars HC Doug Marrone said his team's starting QB job is up for grabs ,  waiting for Blake Bortles or Chad Henne to win it . Colin Kaepernick sits out national anthem . RT @buckeyeintx Adam ,  what is your take on the browns this year  ?   ...  Right direction ,  wrong division . An improving young tough team . The NFL's MVP to be Cam Newton and former MVP Peyton Manning are preparing for Super Bowl 50 ,  and we're stuck on the Browns' backup QB why  ?  And still The King ... Saints CB Jabari Greer signed three year ,  23 million extension with N.O. ,  tying him to franchise through 2015 season ,  per agent Mark Bloom . Scheduling the Vikings for the opener is another sign that the NFL ,  like everyone ,  believe that Brett Favre will be back for more . Cuts coming . Players on bubble include Jamal Lewis ,  Deion Branch ,  Ben Watson ,  Jeff Garcia ,  Matt Bryant ,  Brian Williams ,  Michael Bennett . Chicago and GB have met 180 times in regular season but just once in postseason  Bears 33 ,  Packers 14 in 1941 Western Division playoff .Amended In addition to ruling out Andrew Luck ,  Colts also have done same for S Clayton Geathers  concussion  ,  a big loss vs Steelers . Tweet of day . RIP . RT @ItsBAYo With all this Aaron Hernandez news ,  maybe people should be reminded Joe Delaney died 30 years ago today . A.J . McCarron is scheduled to have a private workout today in Alabama with officials from the St . Louis Rams . Mike Vick and Roddy White retire as Falcons today . Listen to what's next for Vick  . Giants and JPP reach agreement on a 1 year deal ,  as @RapSheet reported . JPP's deal worth up to 10.5 million . Arizona made late push for him . To facilitate trade talks between Broncos and other teams ,  WR Brandon Marshall signed his 2.5 million tender Tuesday . Seahawks placed WR Paul Richardson on injured reserve and signed RB DuJuan Harris off their practice squad . WR Percy Harvin's hip injury is problematic . He is scheduled to get a second opinion and there is concern about the injury . Grand . Julian Edelman recently was spotted in NYC with a big boot on foot ,  riding around on a motorized device . Surgery was cleanup procedure.Browns CB Joe Haden is OUT . Jets have notified Ryan Clady's agent @SportsTrust that they aren't exercising option for 2017. Clady a free agent . As it turns out ,  NFL fined Bengals LB Vontaze Burfict today for hit on Ben Roethlisberger ,  per agent Audie Attar . Burfict appealing fine . Somewhere Pacman Jones has to be bummed . Titans signed veteran CB Rod Hood . Plot thickens Before arriving in Arizona tonight ,  Andy Reid will interview today in Philadelphia with the KC Chiefs ,  via @mortreport . RT @mbsmith444 What big names are still not signed yet . Top 5 left  ?   ...  RBs . Ryan Grant ,  Cedric Benson ,  Joseph Addai ,  Cadillac Williams . Lions hired Ernie Accorsi ,  who will now work directly with the teams Advisory Committee in the search for a new General Manager . RT @Fiend4sports Have u use the Indy Skywalks to get around  ?   ...  In one right now on the way to Mike and Mike . Cowboys drafted Baylor basketball standout Rico Gathers in round 6 ,  will try to turn him into Jason Witten's successor . Dolphins 2 monthsTannehill injured.Jay Cutler signs.Hurricane Irma.Lawrence Timmons AWOLHome opener Oct . 8.Chris Foerster resigns . Cowboys fear LB Sean Lee tore his left ACL . Lee will undergo an MRI today to see if Cowboys fears are reality . NFL head of officials Al Riveron said he has told referees not to use folded note cards on first down measurements ,   . Vikings signed QB Matt Cassel to a two year deal ,  as @RapSheet and @alexmarvez reported . Colts WR Pierre Garcon back to full practice ,  RB Donald Brown back to limited practice ,  and still no practice for RB Joseph Addai . Good one from RT @BobGlauber ... Honestly ,  don't give a hoot about NFL draft time changes  ...  Whatever . As Belichick sez It is what it is . Colts RB Donald Brown and WR Donnie Avery are active . Uncertain how much each will play . Monday is our version of two a days Ravens in morning ,  Redskins in afternoon ,  then a 650 mile overnight driver to Nashville for Tues am . Eagles trade up to No . 2ICYMI new Sunday NFL Countdown host ,  @samponder ,  discussing her old and new jobs ... Art Rooney and John Mara have been told to expect Mueller Report after the holidays ,  in first part of 2015 ,  per league official . Friday 10 Spot on Saturday 5 day span in Jan . 2009 impacted Mark Sanchez ,  @TimTebow ,  Sam Bradford ,  NFL ,  NCAA . New NFL age . Cardale Jones was moved to tears of joy upon hearing the Bills had traded him to the Chargers ...  RT @gosoxandcolts what if it rains and the signatures wash off  ?   ...  Hasn't happened yet ,  and we've been through rain . Sharpies last . Vernon Gholston will be making his 4th career NFL start today against Detroit . He'll be starting at DT in place of Mike DeVito . RT @realpatriots The Patriots have signed LB Tully Banta Cain to a 3 yr contract . This now means that Kirk Cousins will have one less landing spot in free agency . There will be plenty of interest . But SF is out . Jaguars awarded fourth year wide receiver Charly Martin off waivers from San Francisco . Seventy years ago today ,  Yankees CF Joe DiMaggio got one hit against the White Sox to begin a hitting streak that would last 56 games . Redskins working out 20 free agents today on their bye week . QB JaMarcus Russell is one ,  the headliner . Big WR changes coming to Seattle TJ Houshmanzadeh will be out and Mike Williams will be in . A lot here ...  PART II   McDaniels We're all accountable to give our very best effort ... that's what this is about.Lions tendered DE Cliff Avril at the 1st  and 3rd round level . Avril has more sacks the past three seasons than anyone in his draft class . RT @ChrisSKreager Will you be doing the whole Mike and Mike show  ?   ...  It's Erik Kuselias and I . We're celebrating Labor Day by laboring . Deshaun Watson will be Texans' 9th different starting QB tonight since 2014 ,  more than the Browns and the most in the NFL in that span . RT @BLaw3106 Is the potential lockout one of the reasons luck would stay at stanford  ?   ...  Don't think it infuenced his decision one bit . 49ers waived former Chiefs WR Jon Baldwin to claim WR LDamian Washington off waivers . Larry Donnell on plane incident at LaGuardia today Im blessed to be safe and sound after our plane skidded ...  Browns McDaniels never started negotiations . Browns never said he was or wasn't front runner . McDaniels never said he was leaning one way . More info on the injured Broncos running backs Knowshon Moreno and Correll Buckhalter . Look for more kicker changes this week . Most likely to change Tampa ,  where Kyle Brindza has missed 5 field goals and 2 PATs in 2 weeks . Panthers host Chiefs tonight at 8. Panthers enter this season without a single wide receiver who caught a single pass for them last season . CB DeAngelo Hall reached agreement with Redskins . Falcons LT Sam Baker is inactive . Will Svitek starts at left tackle   look for a heavy dose of Michael Turner to keep from throwing . So far ,  Ron Wolf and Jerome Bettis elected today to Pro Football Hall of Fame . More selections ahead ... Seahawks roster moves to get to 53 some talented players let go . Just finished my ultra intense ,  go beat this @OGOchoCinco and @terrellowens81 workout . Man ,  I should have my own reality show   . Marshawn looks like ... Marshawn . With Gary Kubiak out this week ,  ST coordinator Joe DeCamilis takes over as HC . DeCamilis is son in law of former Broncos HC Dan Reeves . Washington placed RB Rob Kelley on IR and signed RB Byron Marshall off its practice squad . Cleveland Browns downgraded WR Travis Benjamin  hamstring  and WR Mohamed Massaquoi  hamstring  to out for Sunday vs . Giants . Tom Coughlin's not going to like this   Cowboys ,  Eagles and Redskins all report to training camp tomorrow . Giants have to wait till Aug . 3.RT @RickMaese @arrowheadpride Theismann Picks the Chiefs Over His Former Team the Redskins  . New Panthers' front office at work already . One reason Seattle locked up Bobby Wagner to a 4 year ,  43M deal Over last 2 seasons ,  Wagner has 28 more tackles than any Seahawks' player . Tim Tebow completed five passes of 30 yards Sunday . Steelers allowed just seven 30 yard pass plays during season ,  fewest in NFL . DJax story made for wild few days . Clearly @nbcdianna is a trusted voice in DC . Nice work . One day before National Signing Day ,  sending regards and wishing best to @CoachJeddFisch . As it turns out ,  former Vikings QB Donovan McNabb now will appear at 6 p.m . EST on SportsCenter . Colts claimed LB Zac Diles from Tampa Bay ,  waived TE Mike McNeill and placed CBs Jerraud Powers and Terrence Johnson on injured reserve . Colts owner Jim Irsay announced on his Twitter account that Indianapolis has released S Bob Sanders . Seven NFL HCs were fired Monday ,  more than the amount of HCs fired on the Monday after the regular season in the last 3 seasons combined . Last thanks of day to @Eviltweety88 @JayJayUberFly @pg99 @jecates @DeborahHorton @LLCoolJASON @jskarp @Loweded @xeni2u @dasnogs4 . For all talk and speculation about potential trades for Cleveland ,  Browns not expected to make any major trades before today's deadline . Lions WR Calvin Johnson has swelling in knee and is not likely to practice this week . HC Jim Schwartz said Johnson will be gametime decision . ESPN analyst Eric Mangini did a podcast about the youth football camp he hosts in Hartford this weekend  . Update Police have prepared arrest warrant for Patriots TE Aaron Hernandez for obstruction of justice ,  per ABC News . TE Kellen Winslow asked for and received release from Patriots ,  per source . Also sounds like Aaron Hernandez healing quicker than expected . Vikings WR Percy Harvin ,  on crutches for his sprained ankle ,  told reporters he's a long shot to play Sunday vs . Detroit . So many good rookie RBs Gurley ,  Gordon . But don't sell short Tevin Coleman . 49ers signed QB Nate Davis to the teams practice squad . To make room for Davis ,  the team released QB Jarrett Brown . Philadelphia Eagles today announced they have released offensive lineman Shawn Andrews . Gametime decision . RT @raycon44 @AdamSchefter latest on DeAngelo  ?  Vikes were not optimistic Weds that Stefon Diggs would play today ,  but one source texted this am ,  Honestly don't know which way it will go . Lions WR Marvin Jones is inactive.Jaguars TE Julius Thomas is inactive.Bears WR Eddie Royal inactive . Broncos HC Josh McDaniels on his departed DC Mike Nolan I have great respect for Mike and wish him success in the future.Jack Del Rio said Derek Carr has a fracture in his back and is out 2 6 weeks . Titans C Eugene Amano tore his triceps and is out for year . Browns LB Chris Gocong suffered an Achilles injury and is likely done for year . Friday 10 Spot early Saturday morning Midseason NFL awards ,  and a record number of long distance FGs . Must be a BIG day at ESPN ... Hoge is wearing the three piece  !  Sharp . chance . Lions waived TE Brandon Pettigrew from ReserveNon Football Injury . RT @tunasweasel Great battles today . PHI NYG ,  JAX IND ,  NO BAL ,  NYJ PIT ,  @mortreport vs @AdamSchefter .  ...  ESPN semi finals  !  Bring it ,  baby  !  Lions believe RB Reggie Bushs knee injury is not serious and he could be available to play as early as Sunday vs . WASH . Rams claimed QB Case Keenum on waivers ,  per team official . Rams spent a lot time researching Keenum past 24 hours . Newly acquired Bills WR Kelvin Benjamin is out tonight vs Jets ,  per source . Congratulations ,  Kordell . RT @KSlash10 Getting married tomorrow . And with Randall Cobb back to the Pack ,  some added leverage goes to Jeremy Maclin and Torrey Smith . Panthers have removed franchise tag on CB Josh Norman ,  now a free agent . Browns came into free agency with more cap room than anyone will devote a chunk to Joel Bitonio ,  wisely . Predicted they would in August and not backing down now . RT @bradMAX what u think about the bengals u think they will make the playoffs . Vikings LB Chad Greenway signed his franchise tender today . Now official 49ers have informed Adam Gase they're going in a different direction . Jim Tomsula will be 49ers new HC . FWIW Lions have NOT hired a search firm to help locate new president and or GM ,  per league sources . Continue looking at what's best next . Changes and instability continue  . RT @Davefrompa Pre internet ,  I remember calling local newspaper for updates off wire .  Thank you Al Gore  !   ...  I used to call Sportsphone . Colts announced they agreed to terms with RB Deji Karim and waived running back Davin Meggett . When Ravens erased a 24 3 deficit and won 30 27 ,  it marked a record 5th time this season a team trailed by at least 20 and came back to win . A real reason for Philly to boo ...  RT @BobGlauber Rex Ryan will make a convincing pitch for LaDainian Tomllinson . The one thing he can't say is that it'll be warm in Dec.JanAnd now ESPN's John Clayton and Bill Williamson are reporting that RB Ryan Mathews' five year done with the Chargers is done ,  officially . Lions reached agreement with DL Cornelius Washington ,  per source . RT @Th3Truth21 Do u think ingram could become the starter in the NO  ...  They didn't trade next year's No . 1 for him not to start . It is not realistic to expect Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski to be ready to play regular season opener at Buffalo ,  per source . Trent Dilfer to Seattle ESPN Radio affiliate I can't tell you how much Aaron Rodgers I see in  TCU quarterback  Andy Dalton.Pat Shurmur will be interim head coach for Sundays game against the New York Giants . Once again footballis not baseball . If we see two or three trades by Tuesday deadline ,  it'll be a lot . Redskins snapped NFL record 10 game home losing streak on MNF . Redskins first MNF win over Giants since LT broke Joe Theismanns leg in 1985 . RT @MikeRodgers15 Do you think Joe Philbin will try and bring Matt Flynn to Miami  ?   ...  Well ,  it makes even more sense that it did before . On his visit to Pittsburgh this spring ,  Josh Dobbs got to meet the late great Steelers' owner Dan Rooney before he passed . RT @McGuireSTL U think a team will trade the rams to move up  ?  Should they do it  ?   ...  If any team wants to come up to 6 ,  Rams are all ears . Once again linked ,  Aaron Rodgers and Alex Smith have been the NFLs two best QBs ,  as if the 2017 season were like the 2005 draft . More info on Julius Peppers and how it sounds like he is likely to be leaving Carolina . As @ProFootballTalk reported ,  Pats TE Rob Gronkowski is out for season after breaking his forearm again . RT @PewterReport Kellen Winslow ,  absent at Monday's OTA ,  is recovering from fifth knee surgery  . Most popular tweeted question which deal gets done first ,  Smith or Crabtree  ?  Well ,  would you rather have the flu or mono  ?  I'll say ... Smith . Please stream in to KNBR in SF at 4 eastern . Texans owner Bill O'Brien safe as coach even if team had lost . Remember . RT @stevejoe1411 Moment of silence today at 330 PM for victims of mine tragedy in WV . Please retweet . Bills officially promoted Doug Whaley to General Manager . RT @caplannfl Jonathan Vilma battling injury  . Last year the Browns could have had Jay Cutler for Brady Quinn . This year they got two late round picks and Peyton Hillis . Lane Kiffin to become HC at Florida Atlantic ,  per @McMurphyESPN and Chris Low . Mort's got the story of the day at 1130 ... We going to watch football or a referee clinic  ?  Hue Jackson I believe in Isaiah Crowell ...  RT @JKates12 Who do you think had the best draft in the NFC East  ?   ...  Eagles ,  Cowboys ,  Redskins closed the gap on the Giants . Superb . Bengals have contemplated pursuing Marshall . How serious the Bengals will be still is a matter of discussion within the organization . Programming note ESPN's NFL Insiders will be seen this morning at 10 ,  followed by Sunday NFL Countdown at 11.Happy Season . This should be fun For each of the next two Mondays ,  Erik Kuselias and I will be co hosting the Mike and Mike in the Morning show . Giants announced they have signed former Cowboys kicker David Buehler . RT @alltimekings18 Adam do you think they giants will snag any of the big names left out there  ?   ...  Better hope it's RFA Victor Cruz . Hey ,  @tthasselbeck ,  just wanted to make sure you're OK before NFL Live and your rash still isn't acting up . Better yet  ?  Writing a book is the male equivalent of giving birth . My new book ,  Class of Football ,  just arrived in mail . About to send link ... Plain . Plain guy . Don't like anything on my pizza ,  pancakes ,  French toast . Nothing . Plain and simple . With RGIII sticking with No . 10 ,  new Redskins receiver DeSean Jackson now is leaning toward No . 11.Former Raiders OT Menelik Watson reached agreement with the Denver Broncos ,  per sources . Staying in division ,  defecting to rival . San Francisco 49ers inside linebacker Patrick Willis and defensive tackle Justin Smith were selected to Pro Bowl . What league loves II first time in NFL history that at least seven teams trailed at end of 1st quarter and went on to win season opener . Superb read from @jeffpearlman on an all time newsman and broadcaster ,  @BobLeyESPN   . welll . Packers QB Aaron Rodgers needs surgery on broken collarbone . Deion Sanders said two teams were willing to pay Crabtree what he wants   but who knows if two   or even one   teams tampered . More trade activity New York Giants traded tight end Michael Matthews to the Patriots for a conditional 2011 draft pick . As @JayGlazer ,  cards Eagles working a Matt Barkley trade . And here it is ... Seahawks have signed former Vikings K Blair Walsh ,  per @FieldYates . Steve Hauschka is a free agent . Former Vikings and 49ers' LB Gerald Hodges visited Colts today ,  scheduled to visit Patriots tomorrow ,  Jaguars on Thursday ,  per source . Testing ubertwitter . Testing . If this worked ,  life is beautiful . RT @DomFlava99 By when do you hypothesize the NFL CBA will be in place  ?   ...  Hope I'm wrong ,  want to be wrong . But weeks ,  if not months . luv . Bills coaches are preparing with the belief that the game vs . Jets will be moved to Monday night in Detroit ,  Pittsburgh or Washington . Redskins setting up DC interviews with 49ers DC Vic Fangio ,  49ers DB coach Ed Donatell and SD LB coach Joe Barry ,  per sources . RT @mattydidntdoit Any thoughts on Randy Moss saying he is done  ?   ...  Believe he is . Unless the right opportunity comes along . As @mortreport noted ,  8th Circuit delivered on promise of neither side being completely happy because of free agentrookie instructions . Former Broncos' WR Rod Smith believes this year's Denver defense is better than last year's ...  Father son reunion Bengals signed Adam Zimmer as assistant DB coach to join his dad Mike ,  the Bengals' DC . Rams will test QB Shaun Hill's shoulder in per game warmups ,  but team is preparing as if QB Austin Davis will start today vs . Tampa . An apology from Cam Newton  . Thursday Blitz how the NFL Draft's 3rd round has become the spot to find buried treasure at RB.Dallas DL Jason Hatcher is signing with the Washington Redskins ,  per source . Projected NFL Draft order as of now1. TENN  3 10 2. CLEV  3 10 3. SD  3 10 4. BALT  4 9 5. SF  4 9 6. DAL  4 9 7. DET  4 9  . Chargers celebrating 28th Annual Salute to the Military ,  a tribute Thurs to hundreds of thousands currentretired military personnel in SD . Chiefs QB Alex Smith collects a 2 million reporting bonus today for showing up to camp ,  per @FieldYates . NFL's biggest report bonus . Texans placed OT Duane Brown on IR and signed OT Andrew McDonald off Chargers practice squad . Denver has two OC interviews now set up for Thursday ,  per sources Mike McCoy and Bill Musgrave . Each have Broncos connections . Redskins LB London Fletcher will play today in his 232nd straight game . Man is a machine . Sadly ,  Doug Flutie lost both his parents today.I don't like his chances of playing ,  either RT @Stall19 @AdamSchefter Any word on Ladainian Tomlinson  ?  Cam Newton benched.Earl Thomas injured ,  then debated retirement.Marshawn Lynch reappeared.Seattle rolled.Nice ,  quiet Sunday night . Everyone pulling for Curt . RT @gehrig38 As of yesterday I am in remission . Start the 5 year clock  !  Seahawks plan to give WR @terrellowens a tryout  . After the 1st play of 4th quarter ,  New England had a 7% chance to win Super Bowl ,  according to ESPN's Stats & Infos win probability model . Props to @JennyVrentas for writing the story and major respect to @Edwerderespn for living it ...  So Bears OC Adam Gase and Dolphins are close to a deal that could get done today . Both sides trying to make it happen ,  wrap it up . Jets need to pay Revis ,  Vikings paid Favre ,  hard to imagine any team now trading for T.J . Housh's 7 million this year contract . And former Packers HC Mike Sherman is in Miami today to see if the two sides can work out a deal for him to become Dolphins OC . Don't miss the start of NFL Countdown right at 10 am . Special guest opening today's show  and no ,  it's not Katy Perry ...  Martellus Bennett is present at Patriots practice ,  per @MikeReiss ,  which reflectshe passed his physical with the team . Sense is Arian Foster will work out for teams in late July . He probably would pass a physical now ,  but those extra 6 weeks or so will help . Patriots HC Bill Belichick said there are no limits on TE Rob Gronkowski ...  Panthers announce they have signed OT Michael Oher to a two year contract . Former Lions WR Nate Burelson reached agreement on a one year deal with the Cleveland Browns ,  per source . Oakland GM Reggie McKenzie is comparing rookie LB Khalil Mack to Clay Matthews . NY Daily News reports Jets have two teams interested in Darrelle Revis . This much is known Jets are shopping him and determined to deal him . Falcons' WR Leonard Hankerson has cut into Roddy White's time and targets . Falcons now view Hankerson and White as their 2 and 2A WRs . RT @sharkbyte98 former ?  when was Keith Butler let go  ?   ...  His contract is up . He is scheduled to be in Indy Tuesday to review ,  sign deal . Former Cardinals CB William Gay has resigned with the Steelers ,  according to his agent @JerroldColton . RT @DeniseWhiteEAG Need to have same rules they have for agents for marketers ,  financial planners ,  publicists . That would curtail problem . Busy a.m Casey Hampton agrees to 3 year deal w Steelers ,  Saints place 2nd round tender on OT Jermain Bushrod and plane being deiced again . Baltimore thought Trevor Pryce would return . Doesn't look that way anymore . Looks like Pryce is going to make the Jets defense better . Ravens had no choice but to terminate Ray Rice's contract . Will be a long time ,  if ever ,  before another team signs him . Cardinals first OTA today is expected to take place in temperatures of about 108 degrees . New Seahawks G Chester Pitts has the same agent as Seattle 1st rd pick Earl Thomas ,  so the two sides are talking and making progress . Tennessee is giving WRKR Dexter McCluster a McCluster a 3 year deal worth up to 12 million ,  including 4.5 million guaranteed . Bengals and Browns actually agreed to AJ McCarron trade at 355 pm ,  per source involved . Bengals approved trade to NFL ,  Browns did not . Please tune in to ESPN at 3 pm ET for this ...  Former Browns WR Greg Little was claimed by the Raiders ,  per source . Jaguars WRs Cecil Shorts  hamstring  and Justin Blackmon  groin  were held out of today's practice . RT @BSchoeninger17 Does ESPN allow you to watch TV ,  even a lockout  ?   ...  Not allowed to watch TV ,  leave my cave or tweet on non football . Some Chiefs wearing T shirts under their uniforms tonight to honor Eric Berry ,  who actually asked his coaches if he could play vs . Broncos . By being suspended four games this season ,  the guaranteed money in Bucs CB Eric Wrights contract for next season is now null and void . More cuts today Redskins released Donte Stallworth ,  Panthers released Ronald Fields . There will be time for this later ,  but Doug Martins suspension voids guaranteed money on his 7 million base salary next year ,  per sources . One final change ,  and I'm not changing this again.AdamSchefter.Done . Thank you ,  friends . And who's the wiseguy that took Adamschefter  ?  !  ?  Packers added FB Aaron Ripkowski  shoulder  to the injury report and he is questionable for Sunday.Mario Edwards Jr . active today . A new weekly halftime feature ESPN teams up with NFL Films to present the weekly sounds of the game . Coaches ,  players miked up from Sunday . And there we go ...  RT @mortreport Drug policy just passed among player reps . Active today Eddie Royal ,  Zach Miller ,  Mike Wallace ,  Fletcher Cox ,  Reshad Jones.Inactive today Steve Smith Sr. ,  Joe Haden ,  Robert Quinn . League said no fine ,  legal hit RT @DRyanMartin @adamschefter What about a fine for Panthers DT Damione Lewis for late hit on McNabb  ?  Just retweeted an astute Rodney Harrison tweet to Kerry Rhodes . Very interesting . Oh boy ...  RT @MAndersonWKYC Confirmed Browns WR Josh Gordon Arrested By Raleigh ,  NC Police . Jail Has Booked & Processed Him . Bought 4 yr old daughter a cookie gone in seconds . Asked her what happened to it . She said Abracadabra . I disappeared it.Cardinals signed John Abraham . Eagles gave former Ravens CB Cary Williams a three year ,  17 million deal ,  including 10.5 million guaranteed . Kobe Bryant just announced on the @PlayersTribune that he is retiring after this season . More cuts William Joseph ,  Raiders Travis Fisher ,  Ravens Donald Thomas ,  Dolphins Tim Brown ,  Giants Gartrell Johnson ,  Giants . Look for the Saints to redo QB Drew Brees deal this off season ,  just before camp . Brees now the NFL's 17th highest paid QB . Panthers cut Dwayne Jarrett . Busy Friday for the Browns . They tried out S Clinton Hart and K Mike Nugent ,  the former Ohio State standout . LB Stephen Tulloch is retiring after 11 seasons in the NFL . Eagles will host free agent WR Hank Baskett and RB Justin Fargas on Friday . Eagles now have turned their attention to former Giants HC Tom Coughlin ,  per sources . Yet ,  there are issues for two sides to work through . Some last minute fantasy advice with rankings of players at each position   the ultimate who to start and sit guide . The story on the injured Pats WR Wes Welker . RT @ESPNNFL WOW  !  21 of the 53 players on the Super Bowl Champion @Seahawks active roster came into the NFL as undrafted free agents . OT Jeff Backus returns to the Detroit Lions on a two year ,  10 million deal . So take Gruden out of the Mike Shanahan Mike Holmgren Bill Cowher group of coaches . Only place Gruden going in 2010 is back to booth . An indictment is not a return of guilty   it just means there's an official charge . But no evidence on Aqib Talib's side was presented . Colts' new OC is Rob Chudzinski . As NFL minicamps end today ,  with every team off till July ,  it's worth remembering Jim Caldwell's words There's a high cost of low living.Saints will not make HC Sean Payton available to other teams at this time ,  per source . Former ChiefsTexans OT Eric Winston is visiting Dolphins today . Deal could happen . Eagles ,  Pats ,  Chargers ,  Cowboys also interested . RT @AtlFalconsNews @AdamSchefter You don't think Michael Phelps is one of the top athletes  ?   ...  Hard to argue against your choice ,  too . And so it is Jets Bengals and Eagles Cowboys on Saturday ,  Baltimore New England and Green Bay Arizona on Sunday . No practice again today for Falcons WR Julio Jones . Bills' WR Sammy Watkins still has broken bone in his foot ...  Steelers executive Omar Khan interviewed in NY for Jets GM job Wednesday . Sean Payton also gave @mortreport and I autographed books with the hopes of selling more than @drewbrees . monitoring . Ruling does not allow unsigned players to start signing asap   it kicks back to Judge Nelson for a hearing ,  though ,  she'd greenlight it . Even @nflcommish admitted the season is at risk. The great @RonBorges has the details   and got the same vibe I did . RT @RickMaese And to top it off ,  they also have universal healthcare ... Terrell Owens will run routes and do agility drills for NFL teams this Tuesday @11am in Calabasas ,  Calif . Supplemental draft Players declared ineligible for some reason enter this draft . Any team that picks them loses correspponding pick in 2010 . Bengals TE Tyler Eifert is out Sunday vs Packers due to back and knee injuries . RT @ClaytonESPN The Broncos released S Renaldo Hill ,  clearing 2.4 million of cap room . Real football . Julius Peppers' contract 2010   20m 2011   11.5m 2012   9m 2013   13m 2014   14m 2015   16.5m . First 3 yrs guaranteed . And Broncos claimed C Sam Brenner off waivers from Dolphins . Bucs TE Kellen Winslow is active today . With Nov . 1 trade deadline one week from Tuesday ,  49ers now open to trading WR Torrey Smith ,  per sources . Multiple teams have shown interest . Former Dolphins CB Sean Smith and Raiders reached agreement on 4 year ,  40 million deal ,  as @RapSheet reported . Tunaweasel . RT @MoveTheSticks Said all along that I thought Dez Bryant was better WR coming out than Crabtree . Havent found a scoutexec that disagrees . Blockbuster deal Patriots traded LB Jamie Collins to Cleveland for a compensatory third round pick ,  sources tell ESPN . Browns' QB RGIII has a fractured coracoid bone in his left shoulder and he will be re evaluated in 3 4 weeks . Could be out for season . After seeing that ,  Cubs next . Kyle Orton has been named the Bills' new starting QB . RT @1080JAG Benson's suspension start this week  ?   ...  No . He plays Sunday . Suspension ,  if upheld ,  could begin following week . This is nothing new for Broncos Jack Del Rio replaced their then HC John Fox in 2013 ,  when Fox underwent heart valve replacement surgery . Info on Thursday night's even at Bellmore JFK High School . Please come and support a good cause . And so on back to back Mondays ,  the two greatest offensive players in Texans' franchise history both retire . Arian last Monday ,  Andre today . Chris Berman's final Swami sez pick ...  Eagles agree to terms with CB Brandon Hughes ,  a practice squad member of NY Giants . Ellis Hobbs officially placed on IR . RT @gregaiello Pro Bowl will be played Sunday night ,  Jan . 30 @Aloha Stadium @ 7 pm ET . FOX will carry SB week later from Cowboys Stadium . Cardinals QB Carson Palmer announces he's returning for 2017 NFL season ,  just as Bruce Arians said he would . NFL Supplemental Draft has started . And concluded . Nobody picked . Statement from Adrian Peterson's attorney Rusty HardinAdrian wants to continue his work in the NFL and ...  Walked outside this morning and met Old Man Winter . Brrrrrr . Things could change anytime ,  of course . But as of 10 minutes ago ,  the Cowboys had not fired HC Wade Phillips . Titans S Kevin Byard has five interceptions in his past two games ,  tied for most by an NFL player in consecutive games since 1970 merger . This is what I'm talking about @richeisen  !  RT @TomVH TOUCHDOWN MICHIGAN  !  TATE FORCIER TO JUNIOR HEMMINGWAY  !  #GoBlue . Motel room update from Albany no red substances on walls ,  no jacuzzi ,  no fireplace ,  no stench ,  no nothing . Someone even left the light on . Rough week for Seahawks   LT Walter Jones and LB Lofa Tatupu both placed on season ending injured reserve list . Jaguars requested permission from Rams to interview OC Brian Schottenheimer for their HC job ,  per league source . Southwest's very lucky and very proud A1 and A2 passengers ,  @tunasweasel and Suzy Kolber . RT @ProFootballTalk Maurkice Pouncey listed as questionable but really out  . Don't believe either side talking about progress yet . Short of mediator George Cohen saying there is progress ,  everything else is spin . Hard to imagine them playing baseball in NY this weekend with this cold ,  heavy rain and frigid temperatures . Browns HC Pat Shurmur Peyton Hillis ,  at the end of practice ,  felt his hamstring just a little bit.As much chance as me being his GM . RT @DeriekCruz @AdamSchefter Rumors Jon Gruden might rejoin the Raiders in someway ... Any truth to that  ?  Bears' Brian Hoyer having surgery on broken left arm . RT @shadowknux Since you answered the Green Bay inquiry . How about my Eagles  ?   ...  More likely ,  but don't see it . Bengals and OL Clint Boling reached agreement on a five year ,  26 million deal ,  per source . Welcome to the biggest Sports Day of Year Day 3 of NFL Draft ,  Capitals Rangers ,  Kentucky Derby ,  Spurs Clippers ,  Mayweather Pacquiao . Enjoy  !  To track and follow this weekend  . First days of camp always bring injuries . Since Friday ,  RBs Vick Ballard ,  Kendall Hunter ,  Tyler Gaffney all suffered season ending injuries . With Doug Martin sidelined indefinitely ,  Tampa Bay claimed RB Bobby Rainey off waivers from Cleveland . One person familiar w contract talks between NFL and locked out officials said ,  I'm 99.9 percent sure replacements will work in Canton.Vikings DC Leslie Frazier would have been an inspired hire in Buffalo   but that's clearly not happening anymore . Jacobs Bradshaw Ware   talk about a 1 2 3. Wow . Raiders reached agreement with former Jets OT Austin Howard on a five year ,  30 million deal ,  including 15M gtd ,  per source . NFL reviewing Sean Paytons unsportsmanlike conduct towards a game official on Thursday night for potential further  . Getting texts on picks but sticking to policy of not tipping picks ... Jerry Jones Tony Romo can play five more years and win a Super Bowl.Jets plan to use their franchise tag not on WRs Santonio Holmes or Braylon Edwards but on LB David Harris   . Bucs RB Doug Martin is inactive tonight . Let the buildup begin ...  RT @jalenrose  Official  Tiger Woods will return to play golf April 5 11 at the Masters  !   Fist pump  . One league source said he was 95 percent certain former Eagles HC Andy Reid will wind up coaching the Cardinals . Two days after they released him ,  the Cardinals reached agreement with offensive tackle Levi Brown on a cap friendlier ,  five year deal . NFL suspending Saints WR Willie Snead three games ,  per source . Suspension was reduced on appeal from 4 to 3.If I were dressing up today ,  I'd dress up as Brad Childress dressed up as a flight attendant ,  however that would look . 49ers' GM interview today with Colts VP Jimmy Raye II ,  followed up by an HC interview with Washington OC Sean McVay ,  per source . Saints announced today that defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo and secondary coach Ken Flajole have been relieved of their duties . RT @gregaiello And they both laughed . It was all in fun .  ...  They did talk 15 minutes ,  left as friends . But Devaney wasn't pleased . We now have an ESPN NFL Countdown Facebook page .  Det ... Clev ... Denver ... and NY Jets all put in waiver claims on former Pats QB Kevin O'Connell . He was awarded to Lions . Oh ,  and I report to my new job in 30 days  but who's counting ,  thanks @rotoe31 .Vikings QB Case Keenum on the stats that matter Listen to the full podcast  . Not to alarm Buffalo but look at L.T . last season ,  Jonathan Ogden ,  Deion Sanders ,  Jack Lambert . Toe injuries can be devastating . The ultimate power lunch ,  NFL style Roger Goodell ,  De Smith and the Mediator are having lunch together in Minneapolis today . Cowboys need 1 more win or tie ,  which they can get tonight ,  to clinch their first winning season since 2009.Chargers released running back Donald Brown to make room for offensive lineman Michael Ola . SD's o line battling injuries . Jaguars' CB Aaron Colvin ,  Falcons' CB Jalen Collins ,  Titans' WR Andrew Turzilli each suspended for first four games by NFL . Seahawks have released QB B.J . Daniels and activated OT Russell Okung from the injured reservedesignated to return list . Carolina trading DE Kony Ealy and a third round pick to Patriots in exchange for New England's second round pick ,  league sources tell ESPN . Thanksgiving might be best holiday of all . Family ,  food ,  football   the best way to kick off the holiday season . Happy Thanksgiving to all . Bengals cleared WR Marvin Jones ,  TE Jermaine Gresham ,  DT Zach Minter ,  WR Ryan Whalen and OT Andrew Whitworth for practice . How's this for juicy Jets and potential new addition Ed Reed play at Baltimore next week . Money for nothing Before cutting him ,  Bengals gave Antonio Bryant a four year ,  28 million contract with just under 8 million guaranteed . NFL investigating why Mario Williams ,  who landed 50 million in guaranteed money ,  publicly has complained about his wr  . Put me down for at least three QBs to go in the first round and quite possibly four   Bradford ,  Clausen ,  McCoy and Tebow . Cardinals re signed last active NFL  player I covered as a beat writer for Denver Post long snapper Mike Leach ,  now in his 16th NFL season . Roger Goodell notified Vick today he was being reinstated on conditional basis and will be considered to be fully reinstated by week 6.RT @vaughnslife Who do you have this week ,  Cowboys or Giants  ?   ...  I'm taking the Cowboys ,  which almost assures a Giants win . Steelers DE Stephon Tuitt signed 61M deal Saturday . Today team fears he tore his biceps . Monday is MRI . If torn ,  his season would be over . Jacksonville tried out kickers Randy Bullock and Zach Hocker today . Lions RB Reggie Bush officially active as is Ravens LB Elvis Dumervil . In email to player reps ,  NFL demanding that NFLPA re form as a union and provide evidence by Tuesday ,  July 26.Good news for Jay Cutler Bears new offensive coordinator is Mike Martz . O.J. Made in America debuts 9 tonight ,  ABC . Rest of documentary will air on ESPN over four days . The schedule  . Former No . 1 overall pick bids goodbye to football  . For those that need their futbol fix watch the 2010 FIFA World Cup live online @ ESPN3.comFalcons today signed defensive lineman Dan Klecko to a reservefuture contract . Outtakes from the SportsCenter @ClaytonESPN commercial that @KingJames and others love ...  Bitly  . Steelers QB Charlie Batch ,  Big Ben's would be replacement ,  needs wrist surgery and will be sidelined six weeks . Get ready ,  Dennis Dixon . Packers released P Jacob Schum ,  who last year had a 43.2 yard gross average and 39.1 net average while landing 19 of 56 punts inside the 20.ESPN analyst Jon Gruden on former Penn St . QB Christian Hackenberg I'll be shocked if he doesn't go in the first round.Tebowmania now has reached levels I don't understand . RT @souza777 I'm a Raider fan but I'm getting a #15 jersey  !  Go Tebow  !  RT @HepburnStephen You misspelled Seahawks . #FAIL  ...  Guilty . Know how to spell Seahawks . Typed it wrong . Apologies to all I offended . Another trade . Seahawks traded DE Darryl Tapp to Eagles for a 2010 fourth round pick and DE Chris Clemons . Chiefs and Broncos have spoken to Peyton Manning's reps . be . Panthers DE Frank Alexander suspended 10 games by NFL ,  per source . Agent Drew Rosenhaus signed Colorado CB Jimmy Smith ,  who is projected as a potential first round pick . John Fox on Bears' QB situation with Hoyer and Cutler Anybody's that performing well ,  I don't think we're going to be likely to change.12 Giants IC Kevin Gilbride on 49ers DL Justin SmithSmith is a beast on the inside . He's strong ,  he does as good a  . And so he wasn't ...  Had 7 point lead in closing seconds to clinch fantasy playoff spot . Facing Ravens D . It blocks FG ,  returns it for TD . Lose by 1. The Browns . Denver's motivational guest speaker at its team meeting Saturday night was former Patriots WR Wes Welker ,  per team officials . On the day Andy Murray won his second Wimbledon title ,  a look back at the great story from Tom Rinaldi in 2012 ...  RT @jblake1560 as soon as u said icky woods I got a big smile . Then I read the rest .   ...  Here's the rest   . Daily News headline might have missed RT @buckeyedaniel that's so wrong  !  Worst call ever was when I called my ex after a night of drinking  !  Latest on Ryan Tannehill injury and the real concerns that still accompany it . Another Week 1 highlight The @McCourtyTwins ,  Devin and Jason ,  square off in first New EnglandTennessee matchup since 59 0 game in '09.A factoid to keep in mind for tonight's game The defending Super Bowl champion has won its opening game in each of the past 10 seasons . Jets out ,  Cowboys out on Nnamdi . Any one got any guesses  ?  Just got done picking and sending out some very cool NFL Christmas gifts . Looks like Rutgers is producing another NFL RBFB prospect Joe Martinek ,  who ran in 4.4s at pro day . Other measurables caught NFL's attn . This is fair ,  valid and true ,  too . RT @UcantCLA if it was my job to report news and remain objective ,  a boycott seems very unprofessional . Former Jets QB Kevin O'Connell ,  who worked with Mike Pettine in NY and with Johnny Manziel last year ,  interviewing today for Browns QB coach . WR Steve Breaston considering knee procedure successful with ARod ,  Kobe and Grant Hill . Also liked the moves of the Raiders ,  Buccaneers ,  Cardinals and Broncos . #nfldraft . We pause during NFL's March Madness for this announcement NFL regular season kicks off in 175 days . Filed to ESPN Plaxico Burress will sign with the N.Y . Jets . Confirmed . 1 year deal for 3,017,000 ,  fully guaranteed . Plax is a Jet . NFLs two youngest HCs ,  Sean McVay and Kyle Shanahan ,  square off tonight in a matchup of two of the youngest ever t  . Browns have informed LB Karlos Dansby that they will be releasing him ,  per @PatMcManamon . Panthers Spanish Radio Network broadcast team of Jaime Moreno and Luis Moreno Jr has become a cultural phenomenon . First draft that ever was over before many knew it began . The 7 players in draft now eligible to be signed as free agents . Jabrill Peppers I'm a pretty damn good safety.Saints VP of Communications @GregBensel said his organization did talk about Hard Knocks but his team will pass on the opportunity . Among the handful of roster moves the Vikings made today they signed S Jarrad Page and placed WR Michael Jenkins on IR . RT @apierce61 You're kidding about Kam Wimbley right  ?  11 million for him  ?   ...  11.2. Don't forget the .2   it's worth 200,000.From @mortreport and me Even before he worked out for Broncos ,  Peyton Manning worked out for 49ers and underwent a physical this week . RT @realpatriots Patriots time of possession  ToP  was just 1912  to 4048 . No team in the NFL this year has had less ToP  ...  AND WON  !  49ers announced they have signed former Vikings CB Chris Cook to a one year deal . Emmanuel Sanders has been at Jaguars headquarters all day . Says he likes it there . Redskins WR Leonard Hankerson underwent surgery today for torn ACL and LCL recovery time expected to be 7 to 9 months . Just found @criscarter80 on Twitter . Just leaving your neck of the woods down here in South Florida ,  CC . Bucs are placing RB Doug Martin on IR . Cardinals re signed linebacker Monty Beisel to a one year contract and released tight end Doninique Byrd . DeMarcus Ware will undergo surgery Tuesday on his fractured forearm and miss 4 5 weeks . Other WRs will be jealous RT @mortreport Texans owner Bob McNair made it clear he's going to reward Andre Johnson w a huge contract soon . Eagles place Todd Herremans on injured reserve  no return  ,  sign G Julian Vandervelde from P squad . Great piece on the great @StuartScott  ...  Statement from Ray Rice I would like to thank Judge Barbara Jones ,  the NFL Players Association ,  my attorneys ,  ...  John Schneider and wife Traci holding fundraiser for Bens Fund ,  named in honor of son Ben ,  who has autism . Donate  . Opposite of Independence Day for RGIII He gets married tonight in Denver . Patriots DL Ty Warren and Vince Wilfork both inactive today . Browns submitted request to Buffalo to interview Bills LB coach Jim ONeil for Clevelands DC . ONeil and Pettine worked together with Jets . Titans TE Delanie Walker likely to play Sunday vs . Chargers despite being listed as questionable  groin  ,  per source . Vontae Davis got two second opinions to undergo groin surgery . Davis had treatment every morning since he injured groin . Didnt work . How the player who wasn't there won the day ,  via @IanOConnor . 49ers RB Marcus Lattimore ,  SF's 4th round pick in 2013 draft ,  is retiring due to knee problems ,  per @caplannfl . OK ,  so at least Eddie Royal is back and my jinx isn't that potent . Bears QB Jay Cutler officially active . Colts RB Donald Brown is active . RT @MattKabel Hear anything about Marshawn Lynch trade from Bills  ?   ...  My hunch is ,  He's a draft weekend trade . In 10 of the past 13 NFL drafts ,  a QB has gone No . 1 overall . Next year ,  Washington QB Jake Locker will make it 11 of 14. #nfldraft . One of the great runs in the NFL has come to an end Ravens running back Ricky Williams plans to retire . Albert Haynesorth will grieve loss of his brother in Tennessee today and not play against Packers . More on ESPN's Sunday Countdown at 11 am . Worth pointing out Braylon Edwards was on antibiotics the night he got arrested for DWI . Still doesn't change his poor decisions . And ,  with Denver trailing SD 13 7 ,  Peyton Manning now entering the game ... and postseason conversation . Patriots officially placed franchise tag on Pro Bowl G Logan Mankins on Monday . Franchise OL number is projected to be 10.1 million . Part 2 Seymour is expected to fly to Oakland as early as Saturday and arrive in time to play Monday night against the San Diego Chargers . Former Broncos RB Montee Ball has been signed to Patriots' practice squad ,  per source . As @JayGlazer reported ,  Bears RB Matt Forte has a Grade 2 sprained MCL . He could be back as soon as two weeks or out as much as six weeks . Tiki Barber is coming back . Plaxico Burress is coming back . Now don't go getting any ideas ,  @AntonioPierce . For people to peruse . RT @ProFootballTalk The list of teams cutting pay during the lockout  . Addressing the 22 cuts that now await his team ,  NYG HC Ben McAdoo said ,  There'll be maybe a couple of surprises. More thank yous for more shout outs . I'm grateful . Thank you to @sambrooklyn @ThunderingBlurb @jamthedirtybird @rodg12 @MaxDeFilippis . Giants officials in S . Florida today to visit JPP ,  see how he is faring ,  per sources . Team should have better idea of his condition today . Aaron Hernandez's new salary cap charge in 2013 is 5.092 million ,  an increase of 1.019 million . Being told nothing going on with LT and a Vikings deal ,  which would be a strong sign that he's off to NY . Jets up next . Trickle down from LeVeon Bell reduced suspension he also saves one extra pay check   56,876.47.A look at the letter the NFL sent to Cowboys' RB Ezekiel Elliott to explain why it suspended him 6 games . Ex Green Beret Nate Boyer pens open letter to Trump ,  Kaepernick ,  NFL and America . News ESPN ,  NFL reach eight year extension for Monday Night Football . Views Sweet . Vince Wilfork ,  all 325 pounds of him ,  will appear in ESPN The Magazines 2016 Body Issue  . It's very early ,  but the one Steeler rookie standout so far is cornerback Keenan Lewis . Looks like he could have a future here . Buccaneers signed former Giants WR Steve Smith and former Chargers K Nate Kaeding ,  per @PewterReport . Chargers announced their home opener vs . Jaguars will be blacked out in San Diego . Lions were granted 24 hours to sell tix  avoid blackout . Dont look for Ravens to make move on veteran WR anytime soon ,  if at all . Not their style . Broncos and John Fox parting ways . Chiefs' deal with Jeremy Maclin will be worth 11 million per season ,  per source . Redskins HC Mike Shanahan was involved in an on field collision with a DB near end of practice ,  but appeared to be OK . And happy birthday to our great country . it needs a new year ro shake out of the doldrums of this past one . Update Bears have fired GM Phil Emery ,  per @FieldYates and I . Welcome to ...  Dallas just jumped up for Dez Bryant  !  Wow . #nfldraft . RT @JimIrsay Outlook for Austin is excellent for 2011. Anything else out there is RumorMongering  !   ...  Correct phrase False RumorMongering . RT @McClainonNFL Texans reached a contract agreement with KC GC Wade Smith . Browns HC Mike Pettine announced Johnny Manziel's hamstring injury has ended his season . Former Redskins' DT Terrance Knighton worked out for Washington ,  as did former first round pick DE Phil Taylor ,  per source . RT @JoeyRoberts NFL Lockout numbers  . Lions HC Jim Schwartz said CB Jack Williams ,  claimed on waivers from Denver last week ,  is done for the year with a knee injury . Remembering Art Donovan ,  Pat Summerall ,  Dave Jennings ,  Deacon Jones ,  Paul Oliver ,  Todd Christensen ,  Bum Phillips ,  LC Greenwood ,  Chuck Muncie . Steelers will have no comment till Mike Tomlin's presser on Tuesday . If it is Dennis Dixon as starter ,  he has thrown one only NFL pass . To be clear ,  Dallas would like to sign Michael Sam to practice squad ,  not active roster . First things first . Physical Wednesday . Multiple reports of Giants LB Jon Beason limping off field and being carted away   never good signs . RT @joehaden23 These fines ain't no joke  !  Somebody phone alarm went off in the meeting and all Coach Mangini said was  that will b 1760 ! Six years ago today ,  I slapped franchise tag on the love of my life ,  the most beautiful woman I know . Love you ,  honey  . 49ers announced they have named former Raiders WR Ronald Curry offensive assistant coach . Dallas is Aaron Rodgers home field advantage . Tonight's HBO Hard Knocks  10 p.m . ET  captures the moment when Bill OBrien tells Brian Hoyer and Ryan Mallett of his starting QB decision . RT @ProFootballTalk June 21 emerges as a potentially key date in labor talks  . Dolphins terminated the contracts of linebackers Akin Ayodele and Joey Porter along with safety Gibril Wilson . Josh McCown's 1,154 passing yards the past 3 games are a Browns record in a 3 game span ,  surpassing the 1,038 that Brian Sipe had in 1980.Free agent guard Orlando Franklin has told people he will leave the Broncos and sign a five year deal with the Chargers ,  per sources . Cardinals G Jonathan Cooper ,  the 7th overall pick in April ,  broke his leg and could be out for year ,  per HC Bruce Arians . Saints to hold visitation for those wishing to pay final respects to Will Smith . More details on New England trading Jimmy Garoppolo to San Francisco for a second round pick ...  Titans do not believe Jake Locker's hip injury to be season ending as of this am . Initial X rays negative ,  but ...  Suggestion #1 RT @patycake15 I don't care if you're an entertainer & an icon ...  I still need ID. RT @espn New York Jets' Darrelle Revis is 'an average corner , ' Terrell Owens says    . One of the top sports moments of the year is the Super Bowl opening kick . Thousands of flashbulbs exploding . It's picturesque . Amari Cooper just became Raiders' first 1,000 yard receiver since Randy Moss in 2005.Bills announced they signed former Browns K Billy Cundiff and former Raiders WR Denarius Moore . NFL wanted less predictability   and it got it 14 extra points have been missed this season ,  6 more than were missed all of last season . No big surprise ,  but Saints RB Reggie Bush is not expected to play this weekend . He should be back after the Saints bye next weekend . Colin Kaepernick's explanation to @wyche89 on why he didn't stand for National Anthem ...  And the Eagles also feel like they hit paydirt with fifth round pick ,  TE Cornelius Ingram . Crusher Chicago Bulls guard Derrick Rose tore his Anterior Cruciate Ligament  ACL  and he is out for the remainder of the season . RT @ESPNStatsInfo Arkansas QB Tyler Wilson to OAK . 3 QB drafted so far in 4th round . There were 3 QB drafted in first 3 rounds COMBINED . Agent Deryk Gilmore told @JosinaAnderson that PJ Williams is getting a CT scan right now  at hospital  ,  but he can feel his extremities.12 On a day when a person in the meetings said Bengals HC Marvin Lewis would return to Cincinnati ,  talks later broke off . First NY Jets QB controversy RT @DraytonFlorence Who will wear number #7 Vick or Geno  ?  Great note from @tthasselbeck This season ,  Jets QB Geno Smith has more fantasy points  95  than Tom Brady  92 .RT @HeDatDude @AdamSchefter Did London Fletcher miss the Pro Bowl again  ?   ...  Unfortunately ,  and irresponsibly ,  yes . Pete Carroll on impending birth of Richard Sherman's son I can't wait to meet little Petey.Shohei Ohtani to the LA Angels.Not per sources . Last 5 games ,  Pats played Peyton Manning ,  Andrew Luck ,  Matthew Stafford ,  Aaron Rodgers ,  Philip Rivers . And 17 PPG over that 5 game stretch . MRI showed that Eagles QB and NFL MVP candidate Carson Wentz did tear his ACL . Wentz is our for season.Nick Foles time . NFL is suspending Washington's Junior Galette for 2 games for his role in a January incident ,  per source . Galette is hurt ,  out for season . Bills RB coach Eric Studesville is en route from Buffalo to Denver to replace Bobby Turner and become the Broncos RB coach . Open invite to @BarackObama for ESPN's pregame show RT @espn Bears in the Super Bowl  ?  President Obama 'We're going'    . You do what he does of course there's massive respect . RT @SladeYoung @AdamSchefter I couldn't help to notice Favre wasn't on this list  ?  RT @nachisimo3 @AdamSchefter The Titans are the Anti Broncos  !  0 6 vs 6 0 to begin season then bye week then complete turn around  !  One of the great Championship Sundays .  Thank you for ending the lockout .Stop the presses Saints HC Sean Payton said RB Pierre Thomas was a full participant in practice today . Redskins today named former Texans coach Ray Wright as their head strength and conditioning coach . RIP . RT @jonnyroxthemo Minnesota Vikings released a statement that former player Orlando Thomas passed away from Lou Gehrigs at 37.Buffalo's going to be happy . RT @JosinaAnderson LB Andra Davis just texted with this message ,  done deal I am a Buffalo Bill now.Falcons RB Michael Turner is active and starting . RT @Kungpaobeef What do you see the Patriots biggest need as  ?   ...  Stopping Tebow and winning Saturday night . The following is a statement from Adrian Peterson My attorney has asked me not to discuss the facts of my ...  First Draft Podcast with @mcshay ,  @MelKiperESPN  ,  @SprowESPN and me ... Browns claimed RB Fozzy Whittaker off waivers from San Diego and waived RB Montario Hardesty off IR . Trevor Matich ,  a Redskins studio analyst when not working at ESPN ,  said the Redskins were the Kardashians of the ...  Here we go Titans have gotten calls from multiple teams inquiring about what it will take to trade for 2nd overall pick ,  per league source . leftovers   . When the Rams play their first game in LA in over 20 years next Saturday night vs . the Cowboys ,  Case Keenum will start at QB . Former Titans DT Jason Jones agreed to a one year deal with the Seahawks ,  according to his agent Mike McCartney . Let's see what DA says 1st . RT @manuelsrdr any word on how quick goodell will rule if cable is charged . Could it b as quick this game  ?  DT Tommie Harris released by Colts . So Detroit Lions bag their first free agent of the day ,  CB Chris Houston . As @ProFootballTalk reported ,  NFL fined Seahawks S Kam Chancellor 40,000 for his second consecutive week of a helmet to helmet hit . Seems like old times Chris Berman welcomes Tom Jackson back for tonights Countdown . Using some of that Josh Norman salary cap space ,  Panthers signed C Ryan Kalil to a two year contract extension . Just watched @GleasonMovie on flight home . Much ,  much respect for @TeamGleason and Michel . What a message and what a life . Patriots among biggest playoff favorites of past 40 years . Even with openings for DC jobs in Philadelphia and New Orleans ,  Lovie Smith plans to sit out this year and hopes to return as an HC in 2014.Keep getting questions on late game inactives   they don't come in till 90 minutes before late game kickoff . Sorry can't help more now . Had Jake Locker come out ,  there was a strong sentiment he would have been first QB   and quite likely first player   drafted . RT @sniderk1984 No offense but I hope you are completely wrong sir .  ...  Me too . But unfortunately not . With Chiefs RB Spencer Ware now expected to miss season ,  rookie RB Kareem Hunt moves into primary role . Brrrr for baseball . RT @dkaplanSBJ AccuWeather.com says that with wind chill ,  temperatures for Game 1 of ALCS in NY will feel like mid 20s . Jaguars CB Jalen Ramsey ,  listed as questionable with an ankle injury ,  expects to play Sunday vs . Tennessee ,  per source . RT @danpio1217 How do you pick which questions to answer  ?  &lt  When I have free time   rare   I try to answer some I find interesting . Initial tests showed that Bengals CB Leon Hall ,  who signed a 39 million extension in September ,  tore his Achilles . Adam Jones in next . A look at Vick ,  Roethlisberger ,  McNabb ,  Sanchez and other hot button topics in this week's 10 spot . Add one more name into Seattle's OC candidates QB coach Jedd Fisch ,  who was supposed to be Univ of Miami's OC . Seattle making one last push . Joe Flacco's deal was finalized tonight . Press conference expected Monday afternoon . Respected football reporter Jon Saraceno lined up and coordinated radio interview with Brett Favre today on Sports Talk 570 in Washington . Mark Sanchez  61.1 QBR  threw for at least 300 yards ,  had multiple TD passes and no turnovers for first time in 63 career starts . RT @TomPelissero NFL confirms Ray Edwards was fined 20K for spearing an opponentunnecessary roughness . After undergoing groin surgery ,  Titans' CB Jason McCourty could be out through first three games and return after bye week ,  per sources . Of course tone of negotiations can change quick . In a day . Not to say that those   or Roddy White's   will . As @MikeReiss pointed out ,  Tom Bradys 10 championship game appearances are more than 27 NFL franchises have made . Said Mr . Wells The Report concludes that three starters on the Dolphins offensive line ,  Richie Incognito ,  John ...  RT @AaronBornToWin Think Mike Wallace Would be a Good Fit with Pats  ?   ...  Pats ,  Ravens ,  Bengals ,  49ers all could use him . Who couldn't  ?  Vikings gave former Giants DT Linval Joseph a 5 yr ,  31.5 million deal ,  per source . Big loss for NYG . In his 14 year ,  5 time NBA all star career ,  Tim Hardaway Sr . earned 47.1 million . Tim Hardaway Jr . will make 71M the next four years . For former Dolphins OT Jonathan Martin ,  SF traded a conditional 7th rd pick in 2015 if he's on 49ers' opening 53 man roster . NFL appointed John Madden as Special Advisor to the Commissioner. It's an unpaid position . Madden's voice will be heard in different way . Safety help on the way . RT @JimIrsay We have signed Ken Hamlin ,  and 8 yr veteran defensive back ,  recently with the Ravens . NFL salary cap officially set today at 167 million per team ,  per source . Gentlemen ,  start your checkbooks . So the Rams trade RB Zac Stacy to Jets for 7th round pick they used on Baylor LB Bryce Hager . As @JimiJamm said ,  admitting I have problem is first step . But let's see how this works . I want to keep Twitter family as happy as possible . A 2nd opinion on Chargers WR Malcom Floyd's knee revealed no structural damage . Time missed will depend on how he feels . Bengals WR AJ Green now being carted off with apparent right hamstring injury . Now Aaron Hernandez being investigated for involvement in a double murder in Boston last July ,  ABC confirms ...  I'm worried ,  too ,  Allleft ...  RT @allleftturns I'm worried about @adamschefter . When does he eat  ?  Or sleep  ?  Or love  ?  NFLPA tells @wingoz that ,  depending on what MRSA containment report says ,  the NFLPA could advise Bucs Eagles not to play this weekend . Saints on verge of making restricted free agent G Jahri Evans one of the highest paid guards in NFL history . Deal could come any day now . Redskins signed QB John Beck to a two year 2.25 million contract extension . Beck contractually tied to Wash for next three years at 3.35m . Chiefs Jets in Week 13.Symmetrical thought in today's New York Times in past two weeks ,  Giants beat Rex Ryan and Rob Ryan and now are aiming for Matt Ryan . Dolphins today traded OL Andy Alleman and Ikechuku Ndukwe to the Kansas City Chiefs in exchange for an undisclosed 2010 draft choice . With the 84th pick ,  Atlanta drafts Kentucky DT Corey Peters . #nfldraft . Seahawks taking action  . Now official Chiefs said they will place RB Jamaal Charles on the injured reserve list . Always comes back to him . RT @realfreemancbs RT @PackerDrunk seriously ,  8th circuit ,  make a decision .   Brett Favre . Bears DT Henry Melton signed his franchise tender today . Please help & tune into the @WEEI @TheJimmyFund Radio Telethon #KCANCER . Visit  . Full trade Seahawks traded CB Jeremy Lane ,  a 2018 5th round pick and a 2019 second round pick to Texans for OT Duane Brown ,  per sources . Colts WR T.Y . Hilton ,  listed as questionable for today with groin injury ,  will play vs . Steelers ,  per source . Chip Kelly considered Eagles but ultimately decided it was better to stay at Oregon . Seahawks traded an undisclosed 2016 draft choice to Detroit Lions for CB Mohammed Seisay ,  Seattle announced this afternoon . Jeff Fisher has signed extension ,  as @RapSheet reported . Deal done weeks ago . Rams GM Les Snead also signed extension ,  per sources . Bengals RB Cedric Benson is inactive . And it's Shaun Hill starting Sunday for the Lions ,  in what should cap an unpredicatable day at the QB position . As controversial as James Harrison's words were ,  they have little on the picture of him in Men's Journal . With Saints win over Falcons ,  the Texans are officially AFC South champions . Eagles flying to Arizona to interview Chip Kelly today . Great point from @nytbishop Vince Lombardi ,  Tom Landry ,  Bill Parcells ,  Bill Belichick and Sean Payton each were NY Giants' coordinators . From @SportsTaxMan Cowboys' Demarco Murray has 913 yards rushing this season   1 more yard than Raiders & Falcons rushing totals combined . Browns are scheduled to interview Cardinals DC Todd Bowles for their HC job Friday . Bowles also expected to meet next week with Vikings . Patriots agree to terms to re sign safety Duron Harmon  4 years ,  max value of 20 million ,  per @MikeReiss . Filed to ESPN As Len Pasquarelli initially reported ,  Saints will NOT place their franchise tag on S Darren Sharper . He'll be a free agent . Hard Knocks time   or better yet High Kicks time with Ochocinco . This should be great ... Georgr Zimmerman found Not guilty . Baltimore HC John Harbaugh will be fined for making contact with an official during 4th qtr of Sunday's Ravens loss at Cincinnati . So DeMarco Murray is flying to Philadelphia ,  C.J . Spiller is flying to  New Orleans and RBs are going to start flying off the board . That's a classic from Ocho ,  a classic . Mike Zimmer said Adrian Peterson would have MRI today ,  but injury may not be as bad as first feared Whatever it was ,  it calmed down now.Baltimore believes the game should be called and the score made final . No championship ,  but a visit to White House with ,  amongst others ,  Maurice Jones Drew and Matt Forte . With some uncertainty surrounding Victor Cruz and Hakeem Nicks ,  Giants re signed WR Ramses Barden . RB Antone Smith ,  who had injury settlement with Falcons at final cutdown ,  is now full go to resume football activities and sign with a team . Cincinnati rookie Andy Dalton might be a really good QB one day ,  but he does not look ready to start in the NFL right now . Cardinals S Tyrann Mathieu is officially off the PUP list . Broncos HC Josh McDaniels celebrated his 34th birthday Thursday with the presents he wanted   Demaryius Thomas and Tim Tebow . #nfldraft . Mort & Schefter's Week 16 notebook Five best Coach of the Year candidates.By missing 35 days ,  Revis accrued 578,305 in fines . It'll be interesting to see how ,  or if ,  Jets fold that money into the new contract . Should Falcons NT Dontari Poe weigh 330 pounds or less today ,  he will earn 125,000 ,  per @FieldYates . It's the 2nd of his four weigh ins . air .Tour De Camp has brought me to Cortland . Just arrived . 1,254 miles on car since Thurs . Jets next . Seahawks HC Pete Carroll becomes first NFL HC to weigh in on President Trumps controversial comments  . Todd Marinovich ,  48 years old and newly sober ,  set to play football again for desert team ...  RT @ESPNEWS Stat of the night  No NHL team has ever come back from a 3 0 series deficit AND a 3 0 deficit in a Game 7.  ...  Now one has . For all those who have asked RT @MattMaiocco Required reading The NFL's anti tampering policy . NFL has renewed its television deals with CBS ,  Fox and NBC for nine years through the 2022 season . The most accurate kicker in NFL history has missed three kicks today . Former Cowboys running back Felix Jones reached agreement on a one year deal with the Philadelphia Eagles . 49ers doing GM interviews with Seattle's Trent Kirchner and Scott Fitterer a week from Monday ,  and HC interview with Tom Cable next Sunday . Some problems with Billy Cundiff . Ravens announced they have signed K Shayne Graham to their 53 man roster . Matt Schaub ,  on SportsRadio 610am Houston ,  if he would want Suh on his team I wouldn't want a player who stands for what he stands for.Bills also placed LB Kawika Mitchell on injured reserve ,  which is a blow to Buffalo's defense . Cardale Jones is returning to OSU . Bill Polian is right Rounds 1 3 are the easy picks to make . Rounds 4 7 are the picks that make Super Bowl champions . This 7 year old deserves some help ...  WR Antonio Bryant underwent what the Bucs called successful knee surgery today . Three weeks is what they're saying . Ravens GMS Ozzie Newsome is on his way back to Baltimore this morning and he said he is feeling fine. He is expected back at work soon . What happens on the field is insignificant compared to what's going on in the Cowboys' locker room . appropriate . That didn't take long . RT @JosinaAnderson Source RB LeGarrette Blount is currently at Patriots facility . He is expected to sign with NE . Moments away from my favorite ,  C'mon ,  man !  Then @mortreport and I are up w info on Bud Adams ,  Jon Gruden ,  Brian Westbrook and Kyle Orton . CC tries to get rookies to see . RT @mortreport Cris Carter tells all rookies like it is ... and it is the truth  . Packers announced they have signed EVPGM Ted Thompson to a new ,  multi year contract . Eagles release P Ken Parrish and activate Todd Herremans and Jamaal Jackson off PUP list . And Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski will need surgery for the forearm injury that has ended his season . For those wondering about Bucs WR Arrelious Benn's four year deal ...  RT @adbrandt 2.85 million guarantee . creature . NFL officially filed its appeal of Ezekiel Elliott's preliminary injunction to Fifth Circuit U.S . Court of Appeals . And no Broncos' QB Trevor Siemian at practice today ... With Byron Leftwich ,  Pittsburgh now has more insurance at QB and the Buccaneeers have 12 draft picks ,  tied with Pats for most in NFL . RT @espn Report Coach Sean Payton one of two New Orleans Saints employees named in lawsuit    . On day Rob Gronkowski underwent back surgery ,  who would have guessed Aaron Hernandez would be Pats' biggest TE story  ?  RT @cponder7 Excited to have McNabb join . Will learn a lot from a Pro Bowler . But that doesn't mean I'm not still fighting to start week 1 ! Falcons announced HC Mike Smith has been fired . Jaguars free agent LB Daryl Smith visiting Rams today . Friday Blitz column why men such as Adrian Peterson and Alfred Morris matter    . This'll sound company ish ,  but trust me it's not . Straight Outta L.A .   the newest 30 for 30 series on ESPN   was a real touchdown . Worst part of preseason Cardinals rookie RB Ryan Williams carted off field with apparent ankle injury . Hate that . Hate . Steelers have named Jack Bicknell ,  Jr . as their new offensive line coach ,  it was announced today . Dallas Cowboys will conduct a press conference at 130 p.m .  central time  today at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington ,  TX . Hello ,  Jason Garrett . Busy Saturday . RT @JimmyClausen Just want to thank the Panthers Organization and city of Charlotte formaking this home the last 3 years  !  NFL salary cap set at 120.6 million per team . For second straight year ,  Indianapolis' Dwight Freeney and Robert Mathis will start at DE . Minnesota Vikings have re signed restricted free agent QB Tarvaris Jackson . Ratings for HBO's Hard Knocks tonight will be sky high with footage of Joe Philbin meeting with and releasing @ochocinco . Stan Kroenke could avoid cross ownership rules with relatives who have independent financial resources . Not proposed yet ,  but could happen . Charcandrick West to the starting lineup . Here we go Rookies from the Ravens ,  Jaguars ,  Cowboys ,  Bears ,  Saints report to training camp today . For financial draftniks RT @backseatfan you can also follow all the rookie singings and contract details here  . Gano and Hauschka competed for Ravens kicking job last summer . Gano also scheduled to work out this week for the Falcons . Chargers announced Joey Bosa signed . Holdout over . NFL Our thoughts and prayers are with the Chiefs and the families and friends of those who lost their lives in this   . In this case ,  we'd have even more to talk about  !  RT @deegle84 What would happen we all reported every rumor we heard  ?  Just wondering . After unsuccessfully trying to trade WR Chad Ochocinco throughout the day Thursday ,  the Patriots are releasing him ,  per league source . Now official NFL and NFL Players Association have agreed to expand Practice Squads to 10 players 2014 and 2015 seasons . I'm told Eagles QB Kevin Kolb ,  who was carted off today with a knee injury ,  should be fine . He's getting an MRI for precautionary reasons . Rob Gronkowski's 6 year ,  54 million deal makes him the highest paud tight end in NFL history . Memory of last owners meetings in AZ in 2007 Late ,  great Al Davis standing in lobby ,  saying how JaMarcus Russell reminded him of John Elway . Oral arguments on NFL's bid to reinstate Pats' QB Tom Brady's punishment will be at 2 p.m . ET in 2nd US Circuit Court of Appeals in NYC . And here is your CFB Playoff  . Just as 49ers gave GM John Lynch 6 year contract ,  plan is to offer Kyle Shanahan a 6 year deal ,  per sources . SF wants HC GM tied together . All three Florida teams wearing a ONE FLORIDA decal for this season to honor resiliency of Sunshine State post Ir  . Cal's Keenan Allen ,  projected as a top WR in upcoming draft ,  is nursing a sprained PCL that will prevent him from working out at combine . RT @Godspeedsr Will TJack in SEA ever turn out to be ,  or is he a bridge to next QB  ?   ...  Not much more than a speedbump on way to next QB . Josh Gordon's one game suspension today could cost him millions . By being suspended for last game of season ,  ...  RT @DraftedBoy Need to cut down on who I'm following  bw @OGOchoCinco ,  @Terrellowens81 and @AdamSchefter ,  I'm getting overwhelmed w tweets . Broncos struck deal with former Bears QB Caleb Hanie as backup for Peyton Manning . Broncos have added two former CSU players in two days . Former Miami RB Lamar Miller plans to sign with the Houston Texans ,  league sources tell ESPN . RT @MikeReiss Don't be surprised if QB Ryan Mallett enters as 1st backup tonight . Anxious to see if that's the case . Teams that got multiple comp picks Carolina  3  ,  Baltimore  2  ,  Minnesota  2  ,  NY Giants  2  ,  Philadelphia  2  ,  SD  2  ,  SF  2  ,  Tenn  2 .Filed to ESPN LB Joey Porter is back on Miami's roster . Team is not allowed to release him yet . He'll be a Dolphin till at least March . Time to draft your own . RT @SupraKing23 @AdamSchefter Do you think the Rams should make a move for Brady Quinn  ?  Condolences to the family of former Broncos and Raiders LB Elijah Alexander ,  who died Wednesday at age 39 after battling cancer . Sad . Cards VP of personnel Terry McDonough said AZ has met with and worked out all top QBs in this year's draftListen  . RT @ProFootballTalk Browns ,  Cribbs getting closer to a deal  ...  Is it me or have we been hearing this deal is close for months  ?  Last year @JonesDrew32 predicted Arian Foster would be a sleeper fantasy pick . So ,  who's it going to be this year ,  @JonesDrew32 ? Dolphins announced they have suspended linebacker Lawrence Timmons indefinitely . Again  !  RT @SportsGuyPaul @AdamSchefter . Jinx still in effect . You are incredible . LMAO . Just don't say anything . Mum is the word good sir . My old job ,  for 16 seasons ,  pre @BShah23 ,  @yookc ,  @chrisweerts ,  @richeisen ,  Mur ,  Grim ,  Giant ,  @SteveMariucci.Loved  . More Browns fire head of personnel Sashi Brown coach Hue Jackson to stay ,  per sources . Vontaze Burfict has been suspended for the first three games of the 2016 regular season ,  per NFL . A trashed hotel room at Indy scouting combine that Yahoo reported on belonged to Clemson WR DeAndre Hopkins and Rutgers WR Mark Harrison . Big challenge for Baltimore Falcons QB Matt Ryan is 17 1  .944  as starter at home and aims for his 14th consecutive home win . Not your father's Super Bowl Face value ticket prices start at 600 and range all the way to 1,900 for the lower level seats . Who would have guessed that ,  after a quarter of the season ,  the NFL's only two winless teams would be the Browns and Saints . With no deal close ,  Redskins GM Scot McCloughan called his QB Kirk Cousins about 30 minutes ago to tell him he was being franchised . Auditioning to be an extra in Keeping Up With The Kardashians ...  RT @CH2Legit2Quit who do you think had the best overall combine workout  ?   ...  Golden Tate and Taylor Mays helped themselves big time . Thanks ,  Twitterverse Two other franchise players to watch before July 15   Rams safety O.J . Atogwe and Cards linebacker Karlos Dansby . Who would have thought Michigan OT Taylor Lewan would last to Tennessee at 11 ? Though a negotiating extension was granted today ,  league year still concludes in another sense tonight . No more player moves as of midnight . Cardinals scheduled to meet next week with former Steelers DC Dick LeBeau about senior coaching position on their staff ,  per source . RT @juggbutt @AdamSchefter torn Achilles . A suspension for Lions defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh is ,  in the words of one NFL executive ,  at least as likely as not given his record.WR Alshon Jefferys suspension begins immediately eligible to return to Bears on Monday ,  December 12 after December 11 game vs . Lions . Ravens RB Justin Forsett is active . Orange County is clever . RT @arkel79 Kendry Grammatica is what we're calling him in Orange County . Packers have placed 2016 2nd round pick offensive tackle Jason Spriggs on IR . Martin . Super Bowl LI officials officially named  . Frank Gifford set Giants' franchise record with 78 TDs NFL MVP in 1956 8 Pro Bowls HOF one of only 4 MNF play by play men . What a life . A warm welcome to the newest member of the Twitterverse ,  @RMendenhall . Eagles explored idea of bringing Steve Spagnuolo to Philly as DC ,  but he now is expected to remain with New York Giants ,  per league source . Colts WR Pierre Garcon did not make trip to Denver   out with hamstring injury.Peyton Manning without Gonzalez and Garcon . A surprise for todays big game Patriots WR Chris Hogan not expected to play vs Steelers as he continues recovery  . RT @NYJSec133 I'm an aspiring fortune teller . I think Michael Gans ,  clerk for 8th circuit court ,  will say he expects no ruling today . Falcons today signed cornerback Brent Grimes to an exclusive rights contract and waived wide receiver James Swinton . Welcome any other reviews ,  as well . DT Albert Haynesworth waived from New England . Teams have until 4 pm ET on Wednesday to claim his contract . Former Bengals CB Leon Hall signed with 49ers ,  per source . Get ready for Oregon RB LeGarrette Blount to go fairly soon   hunch . #nfldraft . RT @CrewsKontrol How do u feel about McNabb's agents letter  ?   ...  Both sides should be talking privately ,  not publicly . Not good for anyone . Former Falcons CB Brent Grimes reached agreement on a one year deal with the Miami Dolphins . Best remaining CB off the board . Giants CB Prince Amukamara visiting Jacksonville Jaguars ,  per source . Redskins' players flying supplies to hurricane hit Haiti.Here's why Pitt took G David DeCastro Steelers used a league high 25 different offensive line combinations last season . Cardinals DE Calais Campbell fractured his thumb and might need screws put in there this week . Boldin has sore ankle and knee ,  should be OK . NFL Draft is one month from tonight ... Former Texans and Patriots NT Vince Wilfork announced he's retiring from the NFL . Midway through his rookie season ,  Adrian Peterson went for the record 296 rushing yards against San Diego . Packers' CB Sam Shields suffered a concussion Sunday ,  his second in less than nine months . It's the third concussion of his career . Seahawks officially terminated the contracts of WR Terrell Owens ,  OT Alex Barron andG Deuce Lutui . Last time the Bills and Jets played ,  New York running back Thomas Jones had the game of his life   210 rushing yards . What do you think Eli was thinking to himself the moment this picture was taken  ?  Bills have requested HC interviews with Seahawks OC Darrell Bevell ,  Broncos OC Adam Gase ,  Patriots OC Josh McDaniels ,  Seahawks DC Dan Quinn . Mike Ditka on Tommie Harris' punch yesterday I can honestly say that's the first time Tommie Harris hit anybody all year.Would be a good fit for both . Another likely 1st round pick . RT @schadjoe Iowa announces OT Bryan Bulaga will enter the NFL draft . Colts have placed QB Jim Sorgi on Injured Reserve with a shoulder injury and signed fourth year veteran offensive tackle Michael Toudouze . Chargers fear WR Malcom Floyd tore ACL he's undergoing MRI tonight . SD already has lost WR Danario Alexander to torn ACL . Redskins ,  Chiefs ,  Seahawks amongst the teams interested in recently exonerated LB Brian Banks ,  via @ReillyRick   . list . Julio Jones officially is active . Seahawks HC Pete Carroll affirms that QB Matthew Hasselbeck is our guy and they intend to develop QB Charlie Whitehurst . So far RT @Franchise23 @AdamSchefter I know it is early in the season ,  but right now is Johnny Knox the biggest steal from this yrs draft  ?  Broncos traded for former Eagles and Jets QB Mark Sanchez ,  as @MikeKlis reported . Broncos gave Eagles a conditional 7th round pick in 2017.Steelers and Ravens have met 18 times since 2003. Pittsburgh has won 10 ,  but outscored Baltimore by only 7 points  333 326 .Mitch Albom welcomes back new Michigan HC Jim Harbaugh . Jacksonville came up with the play of the day . Buffalo gets its first win of the year . Jets beat Browns in OT . Some great games so far . Eagles practing in Philly tonight   expecting 30,000 fans . For practice  that's right ,  A.I. ,  for practice !  Despite not practicing pregame ,  Ravens QB Joe Flacco is starting today vs . Jets . Darnell Dockett was fined 7,500 for shoving his elbow against Matthew Hasselbeck's neck . Back surgery on Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski is complete ,  said to have gone well ,  per source . When doesn't surgery go well  ?  OT Alex Barron and LB Bobby Carpenter each were first round picks and each might be served by a change of scenery . At 8,000 !  We are taking @theellenshow down  !  49ers HC Jim Harbaugh made an appearance today at team's training facility and practice before doctors recommended to him to go home . Hoping to beat the blizzard to Bristol . Jaguars officially name Doug Marrone as head coach ,  Tom Coughlin as EVP of football operations . Gus Bradley was big defensive coordinator domino multiple teams were waiting on . Now that he's a Charger ,  other teams will move quick . Chip Kelly has been fired . Vikings have ruled out RB Jerick McKinnon  ankle  for Monday night's game vs . Bears . Browns officially signed punter Brad Maynard and placed punter Richmond McGee on injured reserve . 4th round compensatory picks go to Detroit ,  Baltimore ,  Houston ,  Detroit ,  NYJ ,  Baltimore ,  Atlanta and New England . In addition to TE Kellen Winslow Jr. ,  Jets also have invited WR Mike Sims Walker to try out during this week's camp . PART 1 Jay Cutler's old deal called for a 12 million roster bonus due on date of first game in 2011. But there could be work stoppage . Steelers announced they waived punter Zoltan Mesko . Rams RB Steven Jackson officially is active . Atlanta went from possibly winning NFC South on last day of season to having 8th overall pick in draft . Who would have thought at this point of the season the Texans ,  Panthers and Browns would be so dangerous  ?  With Aldon Smith in rehab and facing felony charges of possession of assault weapons ,  49ers are not counting on him returning this year . 49ers veteran college scout Reggie Cobb has been named NFC Scout of the Year by the Fritz Pollard Alliance . Chargers have released outside linebacker Travis LaBoy ,  who started 14 games last season.Golden Tate reaches agreement . RT @ShowtimeTate Praise God  !  Terms and conditions have been reached for seattle seahawks  !  Let's play ball  !  Browns named Tom Heckert ,  Jr . as the clubs General Manager and Bryan Wiedmeier as Executive Vice President  Business Operations . Chargers TE Antonio Gates is going to run in the next 30 minutes for the team to see where he is and make a decision on his status today . Filed to ESPN Bucs QB Josh Freeman will not play today . Josh Johnson starts . NFL had been scheduled to meet with Jenn Sterger three other times recently but it wasn't until today that the meeting finally happened . Falcons QB Matt Ryan goes undercover with @JacCollinsworth . And Steelers TE Heath Miller tore his ACL and MCL . Brutal . So after all that ,  Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch didn't even make the trip to Minnesota . Right about now ,  the Eagles are a Plaxico Burress signing away from become more intriguing than the Miami Heat . Turns out winning 1,000 bidder was bogus . Please ,  this is for a great cause ,  @Bestbuddies . Bids open again for autographed drop certificate . Filed to ESPN Patriots reached agreement in principle with free agent cornerback Leigh Bodden . NFL Sr . Director of Broadcast Planning & Scheduling ,  Michael North ,  discusses challenges of constructing schedule . RT @Josselyn27 A piece written by @RickyWilliams regarding his path through football and his decision to retire  . So it turns out Patriots G Stephen Neal is not retiring   he's headed to free agency . Jaguars will host Baltimore Ravens at Londons Wembley Stadium on Sunday ,  Sept . 24 ,  2017 ,  in Week 3.RT @MikeReiss Patriots QB Tom Brady is named AP Offensive Player of the Year .  ...  And won't surprise me if his HC wins Coach of the Year . Vikings OT Phil Loadholt was fined 10,000 for two unnecessary roughness violations he grabbed his opponent by facemask twice . Hue Jackson expects DeShone Kizer to draw Big Ben comparisons . Filed to ESPN Eagles cut WR Kevin Curtis . minutes . Jets CB Darrelle Revis  concussion  has been ruled out of Sunday's game against the Dolphins . And it's on Packers free agent WR Greg Jennings is visiting today with ... the Minnesota Vikings . Eagles also announced they signed former Patriots S Patrick Chung . Blast from past With Percy Harvin suffering his migraine scare ,  Minnesota is working out former Raiders WR Javon Walker today . Always love a great free agent pickup . Welcome aboard ,  @darrenrovell . ESPN's all star roster just got even deeper . As @alexmarvez and @mortreport are reporting this morning ,  Browns are interviewing former Titans HC Mike Munchak today for their HC job . Compensatory 3rds to Cincinnati ,  Tennesse and Atlanta . Compensatory 4th to Cincinnati . 5ths to Pittsurbgh  2x  ,  Atlanta ,  Minn ,  SD and GB . Packers have signed WR Max McCaffrey to active roster from the practice squad and placed CG JC Tretter on injured reserve . Look who else is attending the draft in Philadelphia two weeks from tonight  . Didn't realize this . One word Wow . RT @richardjustice Cut by the Texans  !  RT Green Bay CB Tramon Williams added to NFC Pro Bowl team . Ndamukong Suh fined 70,000 for stepping on Aaron Rodgers' leg . But no suspension . He plays vs . Dallas . RT @evanlucy NHL will rule the world .  ...   Ummm ,  NHL's labor deal ends in summer of 2012.Art Rust Jr .   a pioneer in NY sports talk radio and a voice of my childhood   passed away Tuesday . He was 82. RIP ,  Art Rust Jr . First good thing that has happened this off season to Tom Benson . Major loss for SD Chargers announced they placed C Nick Hardwick on IR with a neck injury . Giants RB Brandon Jacobs and Justin Tuck inactive . Browns reached agreement in principle on a five year deal with Paul Kruger . Steelers released RB Isaac Redman . Bills' second round pick Reggie Ragland out for year and first round pick Shaq Lawson is not expected to return until October at earliest . With Monday's 4 pm deadline to sign franchise players looming ,  no deals close for Kirk Cousins ,  Le'Veon Bell ,  Trumaine Johnson at this time . RT @MmMmmBlueLabel Brett Favre is buying up advertising time on Lebrons special to publicize his own will he or won't he 1 hour special . NFL and NFLPA are not expected at this time to reach a settlement regarding Tom Brady's four game suspension ,  per sources . Safe for now . RT @DetroitLionsNFL @ttwentyman Kellen Moore included on Lions initial 53 man roster    . Here's how to celebrate an AFC Championship Britton Colquitt via Getty Images . Rams RB Steven Jackson had surgery Monday morning to repair a crack in the ring finger of his left hand . Should be able to play Sunday . Since Jets hired Rex Ryan in 2009 ,  he and Tom Coughlin have same number of regular season wins ,  36 ,  same number of post season wins ,  four . And there it is   being finalized right now . Official word ...  RT @CardsMarkD  MRI on Darnell Dockett right knee reveals torn ACL . Injury will require surgery & is season ending . Now official Patriots announced the signing of rookie free agent RB Jeff Demps . RT @mortreport To clarify again ,  we have a special NFL Countdown show this morning at 1130 ET . Only a half hour but packed w good stuff . Don't know which team will sign Michael Vick ,  but here's the teams that won't Redskins ,  Raiders ,  Seahawks ,  49ers . Here are the known no's on interest in Roethlisberger right now Rams ,  Bills . Others might not be ,  just not known yet . Denver has ruled out RB Knowshon Moreno and OT Ryan Harris ,  making its task against Indianapolis that much tougher . Imagine the emotion for Falcons WR coach Terry Robiskie loses Julio Jones for year ,  but team signs his son ,  Brian . Chargers S Steve Gregory has been suspended without pay for four games for violating the NFL policy on performance enhancing substances.Shawne Merriman's statement RT @shawnemerriman  . Stanford QB Andrew Luck is scheduled to leave Indianapolis today to fly to Washington to meet with the Redskins . NFL owners today approved a resolution to continue playing regular season games in the United Kingdom through the 2016 season . Despite a sprained ankle ,  Bills RB CJ Spiller will play Thursday night vs . Cleveland ,  per league source . Busiest man in America Seahawks DC Dan Quinn interviewed for HC with Jets this am ,  Bears tonight ,  Falcons on Sat am ,  Bills on Sat night . Almost every team will meet today to discuss whether it's worth it to place a waiver claim for WR Randy Moss . Some interesting decisions . The contract of famed Steelers DC Dick LeBeau expires after this season . Could be biggest free agent out there . More at ESPN.comBruce Allen now gets to run the team that his father George ,  the Hall of Fame coach ,  once led . Symmetry and symbolic . RT @swil80 Once again Andy Reid shows he's the best at knowing when to get rid of someone .  ...  Nobody in league does a better job of this . How bout this name game Edgerrin James played for head coach Jim Mora in Indianapolis and now will play for head coach Jim Mora in Seattle . And in Jim Caldwell's first game as Ravens offensive coordinator ,  he will face Peyton Manning's Denver Broncos . Carve the bust Raiders announced they have released QB JaMarcus Russell . Favorite single moment of every NFL season is at Super Bowl kickoff ,  when hundreds of flashbulbs explode in unison . Never gets old . If @ogochocinco feels he must Kiss The Baby ,  then from here on out I've got no other choice . I'm going to Feed The Baby . RT @McClainonNFL The Texans are interested in Matt Leinart . If they sign him ,  he'll join Matt Schaub and Dan Orlovsky on the roster . RT @BobGlauber Game time temp for Jets Bengals 18 degrees . Mark Sanchez in 2 cold weather gms this yr 1 TD ,  8 INTs . The numbers game with an assist to Doug Baldwin . RT @Dbfresh15 Flynn wants 15 so I'll be changing to 89 !  Sounds good to me  !  More bad news for Peyton Hillis ...  RT @MaryKayCabot Hillis re injures hamstring .  NFL statement Commentary this morning about the Commissioners position on the Anthem is not accurate . As we ...  Zach Mettenberger tore his ACL and Marcus Mariota is going back to school and 2014 potential QB class no longer looks as good . But 2015 wow . Bills announced they signed former Chiefs TE Tony Moeaki . Houston ,  Detroit and N.Y . Giants are all roughly 700,000 over NFL's salary cap ,  according to league source . Houston c  . Former Raiders WR Rod Streater visiting Chiefs this morning . Jacksonville right at home in London . Saints LB Jonathan Vilma is suing NFL commissioner Roger Goodell for defamation . Lawsuit was filed today ,  and it's at  . Sounds like Jason Taylor is returning to the Dolphins . RT @mcarbone782 why is the combine in Indy every year  ?   ... Centrally located . Indoor facilities . Comfort . Tradition . Former Raiders HC Dennis Allen is re joining Saints in a senior defensive role ,  not heading to Chicago . Allen will work with NO DC Rob Ryan . Free agent WR Braylon Edwards plans to sign a one year deal with Jets ,  per ESPN source . He soon will be a Jet . Now have Facebook page up and running . Please check out the photos from this summer on it . Patriots WR Deion Branch is expected to play today . Chargers deactivated LB Shawne Merriman . Lawyer Ted Wells appointed by Roger Goodell to direct independent investigation of Dolphins and prepare a report that will be made public.This kinda worked out OK ...  Steelers ruled out WR Antonio Brown for Sunday's game vs . Denver . Seattle and its No . 1 ranked D go to Super Bowl . First time No . 1 D has played No . 1 O in SB since 1990 ,  when Giants beat Bills . Kickoffs will be moved up to the 35 yard line but touchbacks will remain at the 20 yard line . Reggie Nelson agrees to terms with Raiders ,  per source . Jaguars WR Mike Sims Walker has switched agents ,  hiring Kennard McGuire ,  according to NFLPA . Sims Walker has one year left on contract . Memo sent Thursday from Commissioner Goodell to teams and NFL staff Subject Long Term Partnerships and ...  Steelers announced they signed former Saints K Garrett Hartley and ,  to make room for him ,  placed WRQB Devin Gardner on WaivedInjured List . Giants director of college scouting Marc Ross is scheduled to interview for the Jets GM job on Monday and the Panthers GM job on Tuesday . Think this tweeter is on to something RT @jamestheaussie Campbell and Ford  ?  Oakland lied to Al Davis and told him the draft started today . Georgia Dome lives . Titans' QB Marcus Mariota joined Hall of Famer Fran Tarkenton as only rookies in NFL history to throw 4 touchdown passes on opening weekend . Excited to be a part of Fantasy Football Now Sunday 1130 a.m . on ESPN.com . Great online show to help you set your fantasy football lineups . Donovin Darius signed a one day contract with Jacksonville to retire a Jaguar  no stories excite me less than sign to retire stories .RT @espnmikes Stephen A . returns to ESPN with LA and NYC focus  . On this day 50 years ago ,  Gale Sayers scored 6 TDs in game while my mom tried to pull my dad away from game to get married . Happy 50 years  !  Josh Freeman has thrown 3 TDs in each of his last 2 games while Christian Ponder has thrown multiple INTs in 3 straight games for Vikings . RT @shanestanley Adam ,  youre almost his size . You could'a played in NFL too .  ...  Better chance Belichick wouldve signed ,  Soon to be Champs . Both sides ,  Greg Hardy and Cowboys ,  continue to say no deal yet . Both sides working to get it done and hard to see how it doesn't get done . Got woken up at 2 a.m . to a crying baby . All I could think was ,  Ocho Cinco's probably going out now and I'm just getting up . Now I'm wiped . This is really sad . Faith restored . RT @BenCarroll15 @mtgupdate I'll donate  300 with the other bidder .  He keeps the memorabilia ..  Even 1,000.  2  follows  !  Giants released linebacker Jameel McClain ,  who led the team in tackles last season and wide receiver James Jones . Steelers have claimed former Michigan QB   and ever so briefly Patriots WR   Devin Gardner off waivers ,  per @FieldYates . One person familiar with Patriots' thinking said he's not confident TE Rob Gronkowski will play Sunday vs . Cincinnati . Many people asking about Chargers WR Vincent Jackson potentially being traded to New England . Two words not happening . Robin Roberts Exemplary . Classy . Inspirational . Saints signed former Baltimore Pro Bowl CB Chris McAlister to a one year deal . Cowboys lose 10 million in cap space ,  Redskins lose 36 million in space . Can split it over 2012 and 2013 any way they want . More at ESPN . Feeling within Chiefs orgn is that Matt Cassel and his strained MCL should be ready for opener vs Baltimore . No big surprise ,  but Raiders quarterback Carson Palmer is expected to start Sunday versus the Chiefs . Bears expect RB Jeremy Langford to be sidelined 4 6 weeks with sprained ankle ,  per source . Jaguars TE Julius Thomas is out today vs Colts due to elbow injury ,  per source . Marcedes Lewis expected to start . This is first time in four years the 49ers won't make it to at least the NFC championship game . Plenty of teams would take that run . Congratulations to the volleyball team at Bellmore JFK HIgh School on the school's first state championship in any sport . Lions placing RB Zach Zenner on IR with multiple cracked ribs and a partially collapsed lung .  . Cowboys ILB Sean Lee likely is out for the season with a toe injury . Details still sketchy but Lee's injury is significant . Michael Floyd StatementMichael Floyd started his 96 day home monitoring on March 13 ,  2017.  During this time ...  If Devin Hester's 17.1 punt return average holds ,  he will register highest punt return avg in a season in NFL history  minimum 30 returns .William Clay Ford ,  grandson of auto pioneer Henry Ford ,  died today of pneumonia . He was 88. Ford bought the Lions for 6 million in 1963.Uh oh Jaguars played Sunday in front of an announced crowd of 42,079 ,  which was the smallest crowd in their franchise's history . Vikings gave kicker Blair Walsh a 4 year extension worth up to 14 million ,  including 5.25 million guaranteed . RT @Jordanpetdog Please address rampant Tebow Eagles rumorssightings . Is it a possibility  ?   ...  No . Not happening . Bears waived veteran WR Santonio Holmes . Bengals released LB Rey Maualuga ,  not a big surprise after Cincy signed LB Kevin Minter . So two teams with top 5 picks now each have a different QB dynamic Houston had Ryan Fitzpatrick and Oakland has Matt Schaub . Chargers TE Antonio Gates is INactive . Michigan AD Bill Martin set to retire in 2010   Willing to fight @richeisen for the job . RT @SethK66 So other teams aren't interested in trading  ?   ...  No . All are . But these teams have made a confirmed telephone call or calls . Tom Brady Week begins . Unless there's a settlement   and many think that unlikely   suspension will be upheld or overturned . 4 games or none . Cowboys' RB Ezekiel Elliott is being suspended 6 games ,  per source . WR Calvin Johnson is active today . RT @aaronmccracken ...  When will you be doing your Supplemental Draft team by team grades  ?   NFL sources still expect Ravens OT Jared Gaither to be traded before season and Bills are most likely destination   they want him . By deactivating RB Leonard Fournette for todays game vs Cincinnati for violating team rule ,  HC Doug Marrone trying to establish a culture . RT @proCanes Impressive for Coach Jag to get fired from two coaching positions in one offseason without coaching one regular season game . Ravens placed a first round tender on OT Jared Gaither   not bad for a former fifth round pick in the supplemental draft . After Carville's NFC West comments ,  Rams GM Billy Devaney made it clear he didn't appreciate it . He confronted and cursed Carville . NFL announced Browns CB Joe Haden officially  has been suspended the next four games . Once again ,  Cedric Benson is the league's leading rusher . Escaped prisoner David Sweat has been taken into custody ,  per @WBNGActionNews . Nashville is bringing the heat ...  RT @bomanijones that means extended ,  right  ?   ...  No . Means they included clause that Moss is free to leave after this season if he wants . Six Points Every game's a referendum on 49ers QB Colin Kaepernick's future . Ocho . And so on the same day DBrickashaw Ferguson ,  announced his retirement ,  the Jets already have found his replacement in Ryan Clady . On a recount ,  it's actually 10 players that have blown out their Achilles tendons since the start of training camp . Hopefully no more . And life just got a little more complicated for the Redskins ,  Dolphins and Seahawks ,  amongst others . RT @PaulieTWalnuts so I'm guessing there will be a new backdrop when you appear on ESPN  ?   ...  A new look   and I'm open to your suggestions . Seahawks DC Dan Quinn is scheduled to interview Wednesday in Seattle with the Cleveland Browns . In response to multiple requests . Picture  . Thanks to @SamuelLJackson for my big debut on @JimmyFallon  only look at this pic if u have a magnifying glass  ...  Just as former Browns GM Michael Lombardi traveled w Pats to Indy ,  former Chiefs VP of Player Personnel Bill Kuharich did same with Browns . Tennessee reached agreement on a two year deal with former Bills QB Ryan Fitzpatrick . Jets have released quarterback Mark Brunell ,  and waived cornerback Will Billingsley and guard Marlon Davis . Tennessee and Atlanta were the two other teams to get third round compensatory picks . Jim Kelly will be in Chicago to announce the Bills' second round pick  so good karma around that pick already . Interesting read ...  RT @IndyStarSports Peyton Manning has a lot to say to Bob Kravitz  . I don't expect he will . RT @nastanley @AdamSchefter any word on Calvin Johnson playing tomorrow  ?  Bengals downgraded WR AJ Green to out for Sunday's wild card game vs . Indy . RT @tone131832  Hey all this draft talk ,  but havent heard much of giants . who do giants take  ?   ...  My sense is the top OL at No . 19.Please tune in to a Saturday wild card edition of Sunday NFL Countdown from 11 1 on ESPN  wearing the tie Boomer bought me for Christmas .Saturday night's real main event Derrick Brooks and his Tampa Storm play Ron Jaworski and his Philadelphia Soul in sold out ArenaBowl XXX . Rams TE Temarrick Hemingway fractured his fibula ,  will require surgery and is out indefinitely . Not often you hear this As I'm on phone with @SIPeterking ,  he says ,  You know what ,  it's Warner ,  I gotta call you back. Fair enough . Not quite sure which is more exciting ,  the NFL Trade Deadline or the Supplemental Draft . Chiefs announced that the club has signed first round draft pick  11th overall  defensive tackle Dontari Poe . A look at Sahel Kazemi's DUI with Steve McNair ... eerie ... Steve Mcnair Unhappy With Sahel Kazemis   FanHouse . Any chance that ,  if he scores today ,  Brett Favre accidentally does the Lambeau Leap  ?  Cardinals become first full team this summer to report to training camp . They report today . And so it begins . LA Chargers    this might take a bit to get used to    in contract negotiations to make Anthony Lynn its next head coach . Buffalo had a busy Friday ,  working out RBs Lorenzo Booker and De De Dorsey ,  as well as TEs Tony Curtis ,  Joe Klopfenstein and Leonard Pope . Mark Sanchez starting at quarterback Sunday for the Jets . Ravens RB Ray Rice pleaded not guilty to a third degree charge of aggravated assault . This is some kind of league ...  The other Mike and Mike Mike Tomlin now talking with Mike Shanahan . Big welcome from Tomlin . NFL owners handed off issue of pushing back trade deadline two weeks to Management Council's executive committee to discuss with NFLPA . Rams QB Brady Quinn underwent a microscopic lumbar discectomy surgery performed by Dr . Robert Watkins at Marina Del Rey Hospital in LA today . Sure sounds like former Seahawks exec Tim Ruskell to Chicago is more than just speculation . Morning run in and now the run to Bristol for tonight's 7 pm eastern Fantasy Football show . Rams still have not decided who will be interim head coach ,  not just yet . Here we go again . RT @ESPNEWS Diamondbacks Edwin Jackson has not allowed a hit thru 7 innings against the Rays . Diamondbacks lead 1 0.So it turns out Colts DE Fili Moala tore his ACL . Now the 3rd player in past month ,  joining Sean Lee and Dominick Hixon ,  to tear ACL . In middle of Monday Night Countdown . Newsy nuggets coming up next ,  about 735 eastern . Crazy first day . Does feel like being a freshman . Houston coming together ,  via @JeffDarlington . Sean Payton surprised Archie Manning with ring to commemorate induction into Saints' inaugural Ring of Honor ...  Odd fact for odd draft No . 2 overall pick will earn more than the No . 1 pick due to no state tax in Florida . So 2 not so bad . Sportscenter just reported ,  This Just in Free agent QB JaMarcus Russell to work out for Redskins . Fun never ends . Lions announced RB Jahvid Best will not e permitted to return to play . Most Gtd  in RBKP deals this yearK Robbie Gould 8.85MK Dan Bailey 7.5MRB D . Sproles 5.5MP Pat McAfee 5.25MRB Toby Gerhart 4.5MCowboys are discussing hiring former Lions OC Scott Linehan as their play caller ,  per @Edwerderespn and @mortreport . Interesting Colts claimed OL Joe Reitz off waivers from Miami and placed OT Tony Ugoh on the waived injured list.Rain and winds in Foxboro ,  which could be hinderance ,  but Tom Brady is 3 TD passes shy of tying Joe Montana for most in postseason history . ICYMI Colts CB Vontae Davis undergoing season ending groin surgery and DT Henry Anderson suffered season ending laryngeal fracture Sunday . The March 3 league meeting scheduled for Fort Lauderdale has been changed to March 2 at a hotel near Washington Dulles . A vote of confidence Arizona tight end Rob Gronkowski has been invited to attend Thursday's draft in New York . Ezekiel Elliott has 3 business days to file notice of appeal and a hearing must be scheduled within 10 days of ...  Kudos to anyone who drives into and out of NY City . If I had to do that every day ,  my hair would be totally gray   if I had any left . Chiefs announced they traded cornerback Javier Arenas to the Arizona Cardinals in exchange for fullback Anthony Sherman . John Wooten ,  chairman of Fritz Pollard Alliance ,  is concerned about Browns hiring process . Im deeply bothered by  . Harder than playing gunner on special teams ,  tougher than playing defensive line is job of playing Mom . Happy Mother's Day to all moms . So far ,  rave reviews for Vikings rookie WR Cordarrelle Patterson ...  Beeber . Karaoke with Patriots  ?  #Zolioke taking place THIS Saturday from 7 to 10pm ,  benefitting Boston hospitals . Tickets ...  Browns consider replacing Ray Horton as defensive coordinator . Thoughts and prayers with Yankees owner George Steinbrenner . Texans placed No . 1 overall pick Jadeveon Clowney on seaso  ending IR . Filed to ESPN Denver and Petyon Manning reached agreement on a five year ,  96 million contract . Manning introduced as QB at 3 pm ET . A pain the neck . RT @espnnfl Colts' Peyton Manning in limbo without team therapist   . Chargers announced they signed former Jets and Rams QB Kellen Clemens to a two year deal . Great day for Cam Jordan . Better day for Cam Newton . Dolphins fired Tony Sparano . Seahawks put WR Percy Harvin on PUP . Browns released offensive lineman Eric Steinbach ,  once one of the free agent prizes some players are today . Block for Packers QB Aaron Rodgers ,  receive a free four wheeler ...  Jets owner Woody Johnson played golf today with @mortreport . Asked how Mort's game is ,  Johnson said ,  He's got a good attitude.RT @prosb4hos Limited bathroom on bus as in only #1 ?   ...  Correct . My biggest training camp issuequestion has just been redefined . RT @PeteThamelNYT No arrests at Tennessee but plenty of fires and destructions . Click the video here for a good laugh . Ka Ching  !  Another royalty check for The Longest Yard . A donation for Make A Wish  . NFL now can go from figuring out how to stop the read option to figuring out how to stop Chip Kelly . RT @jhumph23 So is @PlaxicoBurress a fake account  ?   ...  I'm told it absolutely is . Fake . The real one is @iamplaxico . Vikings QB Tarvaris Jackson goes on IR ,  not Brett Favre . Season over . Joe Webb looking like Monday night starter for Vikings . KC is the next team facing a big decision on Johnny Football ... Bears WR Domenik Hixon also has torn his ACL for the third time ,  and he is done for the season . Could be end of his 6 year NFL career ,  too . Like one long instant replay an announcement on any discipline for the Saints players in the bounty scandal today is unlikely.Filed to ESPN Patriots and Rob Gronkowksi agree to a six year ,  54 million extension . More on SportsCenter . Great story on Saints' super fan Jarrius Robertson ,  reported by @SurvivinAmerica ,  produced by @GavinCote ...  RT @RichCimini Jets LB Jamaal Westerman has agreed to terms with Dolphins ,  per source . you  !  Buccaneers . Like Pats personnel man Nick Cesario ,  Titans VP Lake Dawson turned down offer today to become Dolphins GM . Dennis Hickey ,  Omar Khan remain . Colts set one record   most consecutive regular season wins Brandon Marshall sets another   most catches in one NFL game . New Browns owner Jimmy Haslam III shared some thoughts last night before his dinner with Mike Holmgren  . Texans LB Brian Cushing flunked his test in September and played last season with the specter of a four game suspension hanging over him . Vic Beasley has 4 sacks against Broncos today . Last player with at least 4 sacks in a game  ?  Khalil Mack in Week 14 last year vs ... Broncos . OT Anthony Davis has signed a 5 year extension with the 49ers . There goes a great teammate and Denver sports legend .  All teams love their rookies ,  but Redskins think they drafted defensive studs in Brian Orakpo and Jeremy Jarmon . If they're right ,  D in DC . Football never stops   sort of like @ogoochocinco and I tweeting . Vikings working with Univ of Minn on preparing TCF Bank Stadium in event that the Metrodome will not be ready for Vikings Bears MNF game . Roger Goodell told reporters in Buffalo there will be no settlement with Tom Brady on appeal of his four game Deflategate suspension . Redskins HC Mike Shanahan on Brett's Favre potential retirement Ive got to see it before I believe it.First time since 2003 that the Ravens will be without both Terrell Suggs and Ray Lewis . On DeSean Jackson's 3 year ,  24M deal with Washington ,  16M is fully guaranteed and he will make 8M this season . QB stats vs Saints this season on left Tom Brady stats on right . Saints turning all QBs into Brady . The thrill of victory  . Raiders' S Charles Woodson out an extended period with dislocated shoulder . Taylor Mays expected to start at S for Raiders . Cincinnati Bengals did more than sign Larry Johnson . They tried out WR Joey Galloway and two former Colts ,  DT Ed Johnson and S Mike Doss . Unofficial no's on Vick Wash ,  Phil ,  Dal ,  NYG , Sea ,  St . Lou ,  SF ,  Ariz ,  Car ,  TB ,  NO ,  Atl ,  Chic ,  Jax ,  Indy ,  Cinc ,  Oak ,  SD ,  Den ,  Miam ,  Buff ,  NYJ . Falcons announced they hired former Bears' GM Phil Emery and former Titans' GM Ruston Webster as national scouts . Laremy Tunsil ,  once projected as No . 1 pick ,  will not have to wait much longer . His time soon coming . Story of 1 2 in 2016 how Jared Goff ended up in LA and Carson Wentz wound up in Philly . Broncos have hired their former HC Gary Kubiak as a scouting advisor based in Texas ,  per source . Will pop in Denver for occasional meetings . Vick's an Eagle ,  Favre's a Viking and I'm reporting it on ESPN . Different world . Mike Tomlin said Troy Polamalu is questionable ,  at best for Sunday's game at KC . But Tomlin said he was more encouraged than he expected . Jaws for mayor  !  Florida DT Sharrif Floyd is visiting Jacksonville tonight and Tuesday . Now official Ravens have signed former Panthers WR Steve Smith to a three year ,  11.5M deal . Being that Arian Foster passed physical ,  PUP was not an option . Foster could return in 4 weeks but could be out 6 or more weeks . Team unsure . So for Johnny Hekker ,  it's now six years for 21 million ,  including 10 million guaranteed ,  the highest guarantee given to a punter . RT @YoungAngel Rams still haven't signed Jake Long . I'm sweating ,  tell me something good .  ...  It's St . Louis or Miami . Now go shower . A superb piece by the great Sally Jenkins on Redskins coach Mike Shanahan . Jaguars hosting visits today with Seahawks CB Walter Thurmond and Lions DE Willie Young  two of the players on @tunasweasel's Markman 50 .Eagles signed LB Dannell Ellerbe and waived CB Dexter McDougle . And @mortreport is reporting that the Lions will hire Saints QB coach Joe Lombardi as their offensive coordinator . 49ers hired Dwight Clark as a business consultant to focus on sponsorship development ,  corporate hospitality and community investment . This could be another Balco . RT @espn Documents seized from Dr . Anthony Galea include 'NFL file folder'    . Ravens do not plan to activate LB Ray Lewis by 4 pm and plan is to hold him out another week ,  via SalPal . USC assistant coaches never bothered calling back the high school seniors at the All American Bowl calling them Friday for answers . Classy . Fun preview of Vikings Saints from one of my favorite writers . All charges dismissed against Darrelle Revis . Panthers announced they re signed CB Captain Munnerlyn ,  and also added free agent SS Mike Mitchell . Slight correction OT Marcus McNeill will miss games 3 4 5 ,  and be eligible to return to play vs Rams in week 6.Bears officially placed Kevin White and Jerrell Freeman on IR and signed WR Tanner Gentry and LB Jonathan Anderson off practice squad . Cardinals WR John Brown ,  questionable with back injury ,  is expected to play Sunday ,  per source . Other Bellmore JFK alums Sportscenter anchor Steve Levy ,  Doug Ellin ,  me ,  and   drumroll ,  please   Amy Fisher . After visiting with OT Russell Okung today ,  Steelers scheduled to meet this week w Denver's Ryan Harris and SD's Chris Hairston ,  per source . Cardinals president Michael Bidwill told reporters that Ken Whisenhunt will finish season as Cardinals HC . Heaven on earth 11 big screen TVs in front of me ,  every game on ,  in the basement of ESPN . Nothing but football . I'm in awe ... HC Mike Smith said Falcons RB Michael Turner is ready to go Sunday vs . Saints despite missing most of Sunday with groin injury . The Minnesota Vikings have extended the contract of Head Coach Brad Childress . Officially . Done . Attention NFL Scheduling Kings Howard Katz ,  Michael North and @gobose Browns play in Washington this season . That would be a fun opener . So with Seattle at 0 2 ,  here come Kam Chancellor and the Seahawks . Seahawks officially placed RB Marshawn Lynch on reserveretired list . Beastmode in Shutdown mode . Minnesota at Green Bay on Sunday ,  January 3   the game for NFC North title   officially flexed to 830 PM ET . Was NFL's best option ,  by far . Raiders have signed long snapper Jon Condo to a three year contract extension . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Falcons and Steelers clinched playoff spots today ,  even with Pittsburgh's loss . New England is only other team that has clinched a spot . RT @TheRedzoneorg ESPN report Raiders preparing to cut JaMarcus Russell  . Former Bills defensive coordinator Dave Wannstedt has been hired as the Tampa Bay Buccannees special teams coordinator . Teddy Bridgewater has a 64.9 percent career completion percentage   the highest of any QB in NFL history under the age of 25 ,  per Elias . Seattle signed RB Bryce Brown to active roster and RB DuJuan Harris to its practice squad . Can't be confident in Marshawn Lynch's status . While PITT needs cap space ,  it will not release S Troy Polamalu ,  per source . Rooney family is too loyal and Polamalu has been too valuable . RT @broncossacco Very classy of Trevor Pryce to take out ad in Denver Post thanking fans for choosing him to Bronco 50 year team . The way to go out  . NFL notified Dolphins that LB Dion Jordan is now eligible to begin practicing ,  per source . Jets hurried to sign Matt Forte after interest from Patriots . Chiefs signed ... CB Darrelle Revis . Jets put Mark Sanchez on Injured Reserve Designated for Return . Cardinals interested ,  will work out Blaine Gabbert ...  No practice again today for Giants RB Ahmad Bradshaw . Ravens free agent OT Ricky Wagner expects to become a Detroit Lion assuming no snags in final negotiations Thursday ,  sources tell ESPN . Lions officially activated OTs Taylor Decker and Corey Robinson . Tampering charges against Jets have been filed for comments team owner Woody Johnson made last month about ...  NFLs Senior Vice President of Labor Policy & League Affairs Adolpho Birch sent this letter to Josh Brown ...  Vikings HC Mike Zimmer has undergone yet another surgery and now will take off some time to recover  . Firefighters were busy battling flames at the home of Panthers' HC Ron Rivera in Charlotte this  morning . Everyone at house got out OK . Watch Raiders DT Gerard Warren in the coming days   he has a 5.925 million option bonus due by March 14.Despite a report that Josh McDaniels would love to coach the Browns ,  one source close to the Patriots OC insisted th  . RT @nyjets RL Rex Ryan has just announced that NT Kris Jenkins is out for the year after reinjuring his left knee Monday night . Report from @Trags that Pats QB Jacoby Brissett has torn thumb ligament . Patriots have been examining injured ...  Since 2000 when Bill Belichick accepted Patriots' job ,  the AFC East has had 23 head coaches ,  including interims . Former Bengals DE Michael Johnson is returning to Cincinnati ,  having reached agreement with team ,  per source . Raiders interviewed Winston Moss for 4 hours last Saturday . Mike Tice interviews Tues . Coach to watch for job is Eagles OC Marty Mornhinweg . Corrected RT @ESPNStatsInfo Because of 111 vacated wins ,  Joe Paterno drops from 1st in Div . I Football wins to 8th  had 409 ,  now has 298 .RT @hayden2004 well today showed why chiefs need mcdaniels think it happens  ?   ...  I don't . McDaniels will be somewhere ,  not KC . With how NFL thinks and logistics work ,  would be an upset if the Los Angeles Rams didn't open 2016 season at home on Monday Night Football . ESPN's viewing schedule for start of NFL new year Thursday ,  with a special show on WatchESPN and the ESPN app . Friday 10 Spot How Bill Belichick helped bring @raylewis to Baltimore   . Broncos named Jack Del Rio interim HC . Browns officials in College Station ,  Texas ,  today to work out QB Johnny Manziel ,  who also will visit Cleveland this week . Steelers added depth on offensive line today by re signing offensive tackle Max Starks . Nice pickup in New Orleans Saints plan to sign Cowboys LB Victor Butler . Calvin Johnson active ,  officially . Will be more interesting to see how much he plays . RT @EricStangel Chi vs Bal moved from 1pm to 415 bc of snow . So Bears fans   your anger will take place 3 hours later than expected . Joint statement from NFL and NFLPA on Seahawks being fined 100,000 for violating concussion protocol with Russell  . Jets have some concerns about condition of RB Chris Johnson's knee ,  and the arthritis in it ,  but not enough not to sign him to 2 year deal . Atlanta has begun contract extension discussions with HC Mike Smith ,  Baltimore has done same with HC John Harbaugh . Off season is target . Bengals QB Andy Dalton was taken to hospital yesterday to treat flu like symprtoms and missed practice ,  Marvin Lewis said on Sirius . MRI on knee of Colts TE Coby Fleener came back negative Colts expect him back at practice later this week . Vote Which 4 teams do you think DeAngelo Williams refuses to play for  ?  Once vote in ,  @DeAngeloRB will reveal the 4.If Tom Brady's four game suspension stands ,  he would be eligible to return against ... the Indianapolis Colts . RT @espn Sources Roethlisberger to get 4 6 game ban    . Jim Harbaugh looking to become first HC since Bennie Oosterbaan in 1948 to beat MSU in first year as Michigan HC . That 1948 M team went 9 0.Eric Mangini was relieved of his duties as head coach of the Cleveland Browns today ,  the team announced . Not just LT news in NY Jets reached agreement on a one year ,  1.3 million deal with former Browns S Brodney Pool . Not new ,  not novel . But after a late afternoon of watching TV ,  it's reinforced again . Shawshank Redemption is simply finest movie ever made . Chargers LB Manti Te'o expected to start today in his NFL debut vs Cowboys . Chargers O line could be without three starters . Texans LB Brian Cushing suspended without pay for teams next 10 games for violating NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . Just checked out hotel room number   no joke   007. Never had that Bond number before . Now off to second day on job . Sean Payton's entire discipline stands ,  but Mickey Loomis and Joe Vitt's financial penalties could be reduced . RT @McKnightWriter Ex Raiders QB Todd Marinovich's paintings are actually pretty cool . Former Patriots LB Gary Guyton signed a 1 year deal with the Tennessee Titans . Uh ,  oh ,  OCNN just got scooped . @mortreport reporting OchoCinco fined 20,000 for his 1 bribe action . RT @ArmandoSalguero Jason Taylor I think I have a lot to offer ,  but there's only two of us who think that . Me and Rex.RT @realfreemancbs If I'm Adrian Peterson ,  I'm really angered by how the team jumps through hoops for Favre but not Peterson . Bengals TE Tyler Eifert out again Sunday . My buddy @SIPeterKing directed me to an interested read   a big reason why Brandon Marshall wants out of Denver  . Seattle is favorite to land DE Michael Bennett ,  who some regard as the top free agent available . Announcement could come as early as today . Doing some digging all day ,  like many people ,  I'm sure . And ,  cross Green Bay off the Michael Vick list . Don't think Pack are players here . For second straight day ,  Bucs WRs Vincent Jackson  ribs  and Mike Williams  hamstring  did not practice today . RT @ESPNChiBears Many teammates expected Brian Urlacher to return Friday ,  but it happened a day earlier . The lowdown on Marvin Lewis' future in Cincinnati .  Titans are moving up a portion of RB Chris Johnson's 2.5 million escalator   and problem averted . He'll be in camp in time . Falcons announced that their defensive coordinator ,  Brian VanGorder ,  accepted a job with same title at Auburn University . Eagles announced they have signed G John Moffitt to a 1 year contract and released G Cole Manhart . Cleveland and Carolina submitted interview requests to New York to interview Giants defensive coordinator Perry Fewell . Early this a.m. ,  the Raiders signed their first round pick ,  LB Rolando McClain . No missed time ,  a la JaMarcus ,  for him . Louie Romanoski is a terminally ill 4 year old with severe epilepsy . You can help him receive gifts this holiday season . San Francisco 49ers announced that they have signed QB Josh Johnson to a two year deal through the 2013 season.ESPN's NFL Nation's bold predictions for the 2017 regular season . Packers K Mason Crosby collects 800,000 if he makes 85 pct of regular season FGs as long as he doesnt miss two FGs today ,  he'll collect . Mentor . And Vikings announced they have released WR Greg Jennings . WR Lance Moore and RB Mark Ingram are inactive tonight . Last winter ,  Casey Pearce of the Chargers told me Michigan recruited this great QB out of San Diego   Tate Forcier . He nailed it . Dead on . A Buccaneers official said ,  after reviewing facts ,  WR Mike Williams will travel to San Francisco and start on Sunday against 49ers . Thankful for so much ,  so many . The people who protect us . Our teachers . Behind the scenes people at ESPN . My family . Happy Thanksgiving  !  Question of the day and week Which of the two leaders do you most trust to get the new CBA done  ?   Friday Blitz why NFL loves and loathes Alabama players such as Julio Jones . About to do spot in Miami . 49ers LB Navorro Bowman has agreed to a four year extension worth 11 million per year ,  including 20M gtd ,  per source . Had 3 years on deal . Vikings QB Brett Favre is in the Super Bowl   in a television ad for Hyundai . And Tampa Bay will take Boise St . RB Doug Martin . What would be the best caption for this presidential Cowboy photo  ?  Football back in LA  sort of  RT @ESPNFrontRow ESPN LA announces it will broadcast Jets games this season on @710ESPN    . Former Giants QB coach Mike Sullivan is the Buccaneers new offensive coordinator . HarperCollins has brought the voices of legends to life   . On the day they signed former Seahawks WR T.J . Houshmandzadeh ,  Ravens traded WR Mark Clayton to Rams for a flipping of draft picks . RT @SeanGlennon On top of everything ,  might not SaintsRedskinsBills bounty systems violate cap rules  ?   ...  Cap . IRS . Lots of broken rules . New England tried out RBs Pierre Thomas and Robert Turbin today . Roster moves keep coming in Jacksonville Jaguars placed defensive end Aaron Kampman on injured reserve with a knee injury.It's Eagles camp this morning for @SIRossTucker and I . To prepare ,  we're doing situps in our respective driveways . RT @jjwilky Please tell these people that Mcnabb is the Quarter Back in Philly  ...  I can't ,  and won't ,  do that . By the draft ,  he won't be . This is what you call a different kind of morning hangover From now on ,  it's all about the CBA . Great question here   I have no clue but know I will soon . RT @bowlingtwig who is galaraga and who does he play 4 . Good news for Cincinnati the only two teams that swept their divisions last season ,  Pittsburgh and Arizona ,  went to the Super Bowl . Sometimes it feels like spring and free agency never will get here . What's next for NFL and NFLPA ...  RT @adbrandt Laying out the scenarios for the NFL labor crescendo ahead  . Top 5 RBs on Bills' roster have all suffered injuries and undrafted rookies Bronson Hill and Ricky Seale are only healthy options left . Roger Goodell's redetermination coming momentarily . RT @AlexCosenza13 Who's starting for the jets at qb week 1 ?   ...  Jets fans won't like this ,  but Sanchez . Makes sense Rolando McClain ,  Oakland's former first round pick ,  starred at Alabama ,  the alma mater of Ravens GM Ozzie Newsome . For the coming season ,  Denver will pay QB Brock Osweiler 775,000 and Cleveland will pay him 15.225 million . AdamSchefter@joebucklive ... Joe Buck's revenge ... Ravens TE Dennis Pitta is expected to be out for the year with a dislocated hip ,  per ESPN source . Bengals TE Tyler Eifert is not expected to play today vs . Browns due to neck stinger ,  per sources . Cheers  !  Dating back to last season ,  Packers now have won an impressive 16 straight games . Now comes a tough Turkey day test in Detroit . Feel like I'm on shoppingg spree ,  @ochocinco size 9 shoe ,  L shirt ,  42 short suit ,  16 12 neck ,  32 33 sleeve ,  XL heart . Love you too ,  man . Those asking about how Osi Umenyiora is doing coming off knee injury  ?  Looks strong . As one Giants official told me ,  Osi's on a mission.This I cannot confirm . RT @gmercer9 Was Dr . Conrad Murray by any chance working for the Dolphins back then  ?  Cowboys gave DL Tyrone Crawford a five year ,  45 million extension ,  including 25.7M gtd ,  per @toddarcher and me .  . And in my next life ,  I'm going to try to come back as Billy Bush reporting on Reggie Bush . Bengals keeping busy ,  reaching agreement with Wallace Gilberry on a three year ,  6.75 million deal . Browns new logo ...  This could be problematic for Sunday Chiefs QB Matt Cassel missed practice today due to an undisclosed illness . Minnesota used 4th round pick on Pitt OT TJ Clemmings ,  who had some 1st round grades . Clemmings fell due navicular fracture . Longevity  ? 's . Chargers trying to get done a deal with Cowboys free agent TE John Phillips . Le'Veon Bell's challenge tonight Ravens havent allowed 100 yard rusher in 29 games ,  longest streak in the NFL . PHIL and ATL next at 15.And after today's Pro Day at Texas A & M ,  scouts believe it's hard to imagine the Chiefs bypassing OT Luke Joeckel with No . 1 overall pick . This is interesting ...  Mike Shanahan We lost a very special person and my best friend in Mike Heimerdinger . I know the man upstairs needed a superstar ... Former Chiefs GM Scott Pioli is joining Falcons' front office . Little cleanup from Thurs night without video ,  Ravens would have taken Laremy Tunsil at No . 6 fell to Miami at 13. Lost money 7 million . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Bears WR Cameron Meredith suffered thumb ligament injury today ,  will miss off season program ,  but expects to be ready for camp ,  per sources . Stat of the day In this uncapped year ,  in which teams can spend away ,  the Cowboys and Redskins are still waiting to get on the scoreboard . Next easy decision   at least to me   is for Giants WR Victor Cruz to sign long term deal on table . But he's not going anywhere . With a win today vs . the Rams ,  Tom Brady would pass Peyton Manning for most wins by a quarterback in NFL history . NFL is proposing to overhaul its calendar ,  pushing back the combine to early March ,  free agency to early April ,  and the draft to early May . RT @OneRamsWay Rams rookie class will be attending Cardinals game in STL on Friday night . QB Sam Bradford set to throw out first pitch . Memorial services for Bengals WR Chris Henry will be held Tuesday at the Alario Center in Westwego ,  La. ,  near downtown New Orleans . Vikings' HC Mike Zimmer said QB Teddy Bridgewater a significant knee injury. Still going through testing . RT @carmensteele What about WR Collie  ?  Will he be back tomorrow  ?   ...  Collie back at WR ,  Donald Brown back at RB ,  18 at QB   all is well . Giants officials have been in South Florida since Monday night but still have not been able to visit JPP . Waiting patiently ,  hoping he's OK . Bills' LeSean McCoy says Colin Kaepernick's play not worth 'distraction' he comes with ...  This is fun ,  going back and forth ,  comparing news and nuggets for ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown with @mortreport . Dolphins new defensive coordinator is former DB coach Lou Anarumo ,  per team official . Dolphins fired Kevin Coyle ,  as @albertbreer reported . Prop worthy   agreed RT @CLTHoosier hey ,  i'm not even a Cincy fan ,  but can you please mention Antwan Odom today   5 sacks is impressive . Saints fired team orthopedists after learning CB Delvin Breaux had fractured fibula when it was diagnosed as a contusion ,  per @MikeTriplett . Chris Johnson had 91 rushing yards after contact ,  his most in a game since 2009 ,  and now leads NFL in rushing yards after contact this year . Just finished reading Mitch Albom's book ,  Have a Little Faith . Hardly needs my recommendation but superb ,  his best work since Morrie . I admire his optimism ,  disagree with his opinion . RT @grish666 Seymour said the Raiders will make the playoffs this season . Is he on drugs  ?  Now here's a fit that makes a ton of sense former Panthers RB DeAngelo Williams is scheduled to visit the Steelers on Friday ,  per source . MRI Monday for Tampa Bucs RB Doug Martin will have MRI on shoulder ,  S Dashon Goldson will have MRI on knee . Tough for Martin to play Thurs . With Joe Thomas on IR and pondering his future ,  its just another reminder that Father Time catches up to everyone   except Tom Brady . One AFC West coach called Texans No . 1 overall pick Jadeveon Clowney an Andrew Luck type difference maker. Time to get after Luck . Statement from Browns owner Jimmy Haslam  . Former Saints and Rams LB James Laurinaitis is working out today for the Detroit Lions ,  per source . An OSU man in Michigan country . Vikings RB Adrian Peterson is active and starting . Bears request permission for GM interviews w KCs Chris Ballard ,  Tenn's Lake Dawson ,  Balt's Eric DeCosta ,  Hou's Brian Gaine ,  NO's Ryan Pace . Since playoffs expanded to 12 teams in 1990 ,  63.7 pct of teams to start season 2 0  116 182  have advanced to postseas  . Giants QB Eli Manning will undergo an arthroscopic procedure on his left ankle this afternoon . Rams signed QB Nick Foles to multi year extension ,  source tells ESPN . ESPN's preseason games Thursday ,  Aug . 20 ,  BUF at CLEV Monday ,  Aug . 24 ,  CINCY at TB . Bills have acquired CB E.J . Gaines and Rams 2018 second round pick for WR Sammy Watkins and Bills 2018 sixth round pick . Surprise inactive of the morning Jets LB Darron Lee . Its a coachs decision ,  and Todd Bowles expected to address after todays game . Let countdown begin Cavaliers signed No . 1 overall pick Andrew Wiggins ,  tying him to team for 30 days ... Doctors have cleared Browns QB Jason Campbell to return to practice today . Doctors still need to clear him to play in a game . Steelers S Ryan Clark won't play in Sunday's playoff game in Denver ,  Steelers coach Mike Tomlin said today . More Glazer The Buccaneers are not ,  nor have they ever been for sale ... The report is baseless ,  irresponsible and slanderous.Instead of asking me this year go to @ProFootballTalk to keep up with first round signings  . A look at the injury that might have ended Aaron Rodgers season  . Steelers have released cornerback Cortez Allen ,  team announced today . Turns out Patriots K Stephen Gostkowski ,  who went on IR today ,  has a torn quad muscle that might need surgery . He's expected back in 2011.Lions DE Ziggy Ansah battling a high ankle sprain expected to sideline him today and next week ,  per source second opinion on MRI this week . Congratulations to @ESPN's @FiveThirtyEight ,  now live and tackling the numbers behind sports ,  politics and more . Steelers 2008 3rd round pick Bruce Davis just ran over a back as if he were Harrison or Woodley . Six Points The coaching toll of competing with New England . Seahawks WR Percy Harvin is scheduled to meet with Dr . Bryan Kelly in New York City on Tuesday regarding his hip injury . 49ers expect to reach agreement with former Stanford G Josh Garnett tonight ,  per source . Joey Bosa then will be last unsigned 1st round pick . The literary Hard Knocks . RT @DonYaeger Big News I've been contracted to write a book on New York Jets Head Coach Rex Ryan  !  A superb in depth and inside look at Jets owner Woody Johnson in today's NY Times  . WRs scheduled to be free agents after this season include Dez Bryant ,  Michael Crabtree ,  Jordy Nelson ,  Randall Cobb ,  Roddy White ,  Wes Welker . Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski missed practiced today for a second straight day ,  casting doubt on his availability for Sunday vs SF . How many times will we see this ?  ,  via @DSPics . Congratulations ,  Cleveland . Most stunning headline of day Actor Philip Seymour Hoffman found dead in NYC apartment . He was 46.The Great Brett Favre Gamble How Favre Landed in Green Bay ,  per @RobDemovsky ...  Make that guilty on 45 of 48 counts . Jerry Sandusky will spend the rest of his life behind bars . Lions released WR Keshawn Martin and TE Tim Wright . Former Colts GM Bill Polian said on ESPN's NFL Insiders the Jets risk losing locker room if they turn back to Geno Smith ,  time for M . Vick . ICYMI #KnowThemFromAdamChip Kelly with the person he'd most like to dine with ,  @bflay with summer barbecue tips . Bills announced that TE Scott Chandler has agreed to terms on a contract extension with the team . NFL has not made a decision on any potential Ezekiel Elliott discipline ,  and it is not expected to be announced this week ,  per source . Teams to monitor that are interested in moving back in the draft Redskins ,  Jaguars ,  Broncos ,  Dolphins . #nfldraft . Jon Gruden just said on ESPN that Michigan State's Connor Cook is gonna be perhaps the best QB in this draft.Details on Cowboys DT Josh Brent's tragic accident  . Bengals scheduled to work out 36 year old OLB Dwight Freeney this week ,  per @ColeyHarvey . Freeney had 8 sacks ,  3 forced fumbles last year . More thanks for FF to @MJP0ke @AdamAbramson @Fantasytaz @TheLoungeRepo@TheRellek . Chiefs OT Donald Stephenson is being suspended the first four games for violating the PED policy . Chargers to Pro Bowl Quarterback Philip Rivers ,  tight end Antonio Gates and left guard Kris Dielman . Set your DVR for tonight to watch the top 18 HS QBs in nation compete for @TDESPN & his staff to be named to the @Elite11 ESPN U 8pm EST . A Browns official said this morning CLEV will not wait around to hire Broncos OC Adam Gase . @RapSheet says Gase withdrawing his name . Cuts so far include former Bills QB Jordan Palmer ,  former Bengals RB BenJarvus Green Ellis ,  former Bucs G Jamon Meredith . Plenty more ahead . Chad Johnson has been released from jail ... Adrian Peterson has been taken off PUP ... Andrew Luck has been Peyton like impressive . Another day . First down Raiders . They are now under two minutes away from upsetting Eagles in upset of the season . RT @matkinson5 What do you think about Bruce Irvin going 15 ?   ...  Classic boom or bust pick . Seahawks are convinced Boom . Others wait to see . As @FieldYates reports ,  Pats TE Aaron Hernandez  scheduled to undergo MRI on ankle today . @ProFootballTalk said he could miss up to 6 weeks . RT @FOBBarnwell Craig Davis is second ex Titan to get suddenly released in a month after LenDale White .  ...  What about A . Haynesworth  ?  Broncos are now averaging 46 points per game   16 points per game better than the NFL's No . 2 rated scoring team ,  the Dallas Cowboys . So how long now till the focus shifts to Russell Westbrook's future in OKC  ?  And of course ,  Yogi Berra ,  Al Arbour ,  Dean Smith ,  Jerry Tarkanian ,  Darryl Dawkins ,  Roy Tarpley ,  Anthony Mason ,  Ernie Banks ,  Stuart Scott . And now ,  the Titans have added WRs Eric Decker and Corey Davis to go along with QB Marcus Mariota . Chiefs signed unrestricted former Ravens OT Jared Gaither . Kudos . Yogi Berra passed away Tuesday ,  exactly 69 years after his major league debut . What a loss ,  what a life . RT @mhigginsjets Joe McKnight's 158 rushing yards most in a game by Jets rookie since Matt Snell  180 ,  10.17.64 vs . Houston Oilers .A fan speaks RT @JESoltis i am a die hard steeler fan and i hope he gets a season ban . behavior is not acceptable . make an example of him . No player picked in round 4.RT @Revis24 Whats up everyone ,  #ocnn news here ,  im playing against our former teammate #farve tomar ,  going to be a battle  !  Take this to the bank ...  RT @GilBrandt LA looking like a solid front runner for 2015 NFL Draft . Falcons announced that head coach Mike Smith has signed a three year extension of his contract . Mike Shanahan said S Brandon Meriweather sprained his MCL and PCL during practice and will miss two to four weeks . RT @fbrumblings @AdamSchefter maybe flights from Carolina to Tampa have a layover in Buffalo .  Makes perfect sense  !  RT @mortreport    Since Jackson is active ,  he will start for the Rams vs . Seahawks . Lynn Swann and John Stallworth combined for 873 catches ,  14,185 yards and 114 TDs . Hines Ward has 954 catches ,  11,702 yards and 83 TDs . ESPYs highly entertaining . But the Walter Cronkite special that aired on CBS might be best program I've seen this year . Tom Brady and Aaron Rodgers at the Kentucky Derby ...  RT @jaspegz @adamschefter You think Mangini would trade Shaun Rogers to the Jets  ?  &lt   Not happening . Sale of Browns is now official and complete . Randy Lerner sold them to Jimmy Haslam for in excess  of 1 billion . Making dynasty more improbable and impressive Pats have most snaps in NFL by undrafted players over last decade  nearly 54,000 since 2007 .Here's how ESPN used to cover the NFL draft in 1981. This is classic . Teams complaining to NFL that Packers violated IR rule ,  and think Aaron Rodgers should now have to be released ,  per  . As bad as Andre Johnson's hamstring injury looked ,  team does not believe it as bad as the last one he suffered . So not all bad for Houston . Not only did Texans TE Owen Daniels tear his ACL ,  but Texans rookie TE James Casey underwent knee surgery today and will be out two weeks . Mason Crosby re signs with GB for 4 years ,  per source . Former Falcons veteran DE Kroy Biermann is on his way to Buffalo to sign a one year deal with the Bills ,  per source . Orton back on for a 4th series ... I have one eye closed . Like RG3 improving on his second 40 ,  Andrew Luck does the same ,  clocking an unofficial strong 4.59.RT @NFLfootballinfo 3 OU Sooners will attend Draft   Bradford ,  McCoy ,  Williams . OU 1st since Penn State in 95 w 3  Brady ,  Carter ,  Collins  . Tom Brady is coming off knee surgery  ?  As they say on Saturday Night Live ,  Really  ?  Really  ?  Never would have guessed watching him today . Plaxico Burress told Eagles he would go there if they met his price . Jets asked if same deal applied . Yes ,  they were told . Offer and deal . 49ers HC Jim Harbaugh on Michael Crabtree's torn Achilles We do not anticipate that itll be season ending for Michael.Saints RB Alvin Kamara ,  who left Thursday nights game vs Atlanta with a concussion ,  told reporters today Im good to go . Im gonna play.Anyone think 4 doesn't play  ?  RT @TomPelissero Childress says he'll list QB Brett Favre as questionable for Sunday . Bet my life he starts . In honor of Veterans Day ,  a moving 30 for 30 short ,  Chattanooga Strong . Legal tampering begins ... now  !  Rams WR Danny Amendola is doubtful and unlikely to play . However Rams want to see him in pre game warmups before making any final decision . Vikings S Harrison Smith is expected to be fined but not suspended for making contact with an official during Sundays game vs . Tenn . Interesting exchange when Jim Harbaugh was asked today whether Michigan has reached out to him JH As Ive ...  South Carolina CB Victor Hampton and DT Kelcy Quarles have been told they will not face any charges after an April 11th altercation in NYC . Jason Garrett Dez Bryant missed meetings ,  treatments after fearing worst.Dolphins QB Ryan Tannehill has a bruised quad ,  per team source . Someone to root 4 RT @1stuartscott back to work after recent surgery . gotta fight cancer again . i'll lean on u . u lean on me . we'll beat it . So it'll be Painter in Tampa . RT @JimIrsay Curtis named the starter for Monday night . Patriots are acquiring LB Kyle Van Noy from Lions ,  multiple sources tell ESPN's James Walker ,  Field Yates and Mike Reiss . False start on baby going back to sleep this morning . Once she was up ,  she was up . Daddy bushed  !  Hoping to still get my Twitter on today . Peyton Manning's doctor said X ray and CT examination of the surgical area shows fusion performed in September has achieved firm fixation . Vikings announced they signed former Rams QB Shaun Hill . With Gregg Williams expected to join Jeff Fisher in STL ,  two DC candidates on Saints radar are Steve Spagnuolo and Mike Nolan . RT @sharper42 So visanthe stankoe X marks the spot on me  ?  how bout X marks spot for how many catches ,  TDs you'll have Thurs night . X  zero . Thoughts and prayers with Bengals WR Chris Henry . @SamRyanNYC just tweeted me this link  . RT @wmdavidcornwell It is time for Tiger to speak . My suggested statement on Huffington Post . Lions starting QB Daunte Culpepper over Drew Stanton today . Jaguars claimed WR Stephen Williams from SEA off waivers . AdamSchefter  RT @ScottPharrGCS Falcons Babineaux busted on pot charges    . Ted Wells interviewing Jonathan Martin today in LA ,  as @jameswalkernfl reports . Wells will meet next week with Dolphins players a 2nd time . Issue with Pats' TE RT @BenVolin Hernandez has been uncooperative with police ,  two law enforcement sources said. Stat of the preseason Browns now have gone 7 games ,  28 quarters and 74 straight possesions without an offensive TD . There's no O in Brwns . Cardinals DE Calais Campbell signed a five year ,  55 million deal that includes 31 million gtd ,  30.25 million in deal's first two years . Sitting with King family   wife Ann ,  daughters Laura and Mary Beth   as they watch Peter presented w prestigious Dick McCann Memorial Award . Word around league is Texas Tech will take a look at an alum ,  Jets RB coach Anthony Lynn ,  who's in charge of NFL's top rated run game . While Cowboys are favorite to land Greg Hardy with him in Dallas ,  it's worth noting Tampa Bay will not go away quietly . Bucs still in this . Kevin Kolb to Cardinals trade done . Eagles get Rodgers Cromartie and a 2nd . Kolb gets 5 year ,  63.5 million deal ,  including 21 mil gtd . Busiest teams Saturday figure to be 49ers ,  Patriots and Redskins each scheduled to have 7 picks remaining in this draft . With Kyle Boller retiring ,  Chargers have signed former Jets and Patriots quarterback Kevin OConnell to a one year contract . After meeting with several medical specialists this week ,  doctors still have not cleared Dallas TE Jason Witten to pla  . In 2009 ,  Jags traded 7th  2nd rd picks to Patriots for 3rd rd pick to draft CB Derek Cox . Pats parlayed those 2 picks into Edelman  Gronk . Cris Collinsworth I cannot believe that play call.TJ Lang has agreed to a 4 year extension with the Packers . Giants placedRB Brandon Jacobs and DB Aaron Ross onIRand signed QB Rhett Bomar and S Shareff Rashadfrom their practice squad . First night back home .   so nice to be here   and guess what I'm doing  ?  Watching The T.O . Show on DVR . He really comes off as very likeable . Sold out ,  no blackout . 100,000 coming to the party RT @joeruiz @AdamSchefter I'm not in Dallas ,  but did the Cowboys get blacked out  ?  RT @mortreport Bill Parcells is certain to remain retired and not serve as the Saints' interim head coach ,  per sources . More coming on ESPN . Is there another QB who's under 25 who you'd want on your team more than him  ?  What's the expression ,  Buy low ,  sell high  ?  ... During off season ,  Browns balked at trading QB Brady Quinn to Denver for a first day pick . Mike Vrabel will become Texans DC ,  as @AlbertBreer said . Romeo Crennel expected to remain on staff . Vrabel gains title ,  Texans lose nobody . Appears right RT @ProFootballHOF Description of Jerry Rice in 49ers media guide after rookie season . Appears to have limitless talent.So Jared Allen is a Bear ,  Julius Peppers is a Packer ,  and the NFC North becomes even more interesting . RT @RaivinPoe Read Only have updates if Pryor gets drafted . Otherwise ,  no one cares  !   ...  Don't care about UNC DE Michael McAdoo  ?  Not nice . Bills' RB LeSean McCoy ,  listed as questionable with a hand injury ,  will play today vs Rams ,  per source . And there's the OL help Giants were awarded OT D.J . Jones off waivers from Philadelphia . To create space ,  Giants waived G Mitch Petrus . 'Emotional' Jim Harbaugh greets pope during Wolverines' visit to Vatican City ...  Saints host NFC Divisional Playoff at 430 ET ,  Saturday ,  Jan . 14 New England hosts game that night at 800 pm ET . Packers officially activated QB Aaron Rodgers off injured reserve on Saturday.In a corresponding roster move ,  Pac  . Per ESPN's Trey Wingo doctor has expressed concern about how Redskins plan to use RGIII in their offense . Chiefs also officially signed former GB 1st round pick Derek Sherrod ,  former GB 2nd round pick Jerel Worthy ,  along with WR Da'Rick Rogers . Grand jury declined charges on Raiders' CB Gareon Conley ,  who is now cleared . It is the outcome the Raiders expected . RT @RealBamaGirl You can always watch Danicamania .  ...  Nah . Prefer Favre apalooza . RFA tenders attempt to restrict some players' ability to move teams even if contract is up . Question is whether next CBA will allow this . OK ,  looks like first training camp stop next week will be ... Redskins ,  though I'm still miffed they passed on me in supplemental draft . Despite rampant speculation ,  Redskins NOT shopping Albert Haynesworth and haven't had any trade discussions regarding him since March 31.Browns OC Brad Childress is in KC today ,  where he could be hired as either OC or as an advisor to new Chiefs head coach Andy Reid . For first time since Broncos 35 21 win over San Diego on Oct . 23 ,  Denver will be back at home ,  playing in front ...  NFL fined Charles Woodson 10,000 for throwing a punch on opening night vs . New Orleans . Did anyone else know the Amateur Sports Hall of Fame also is in Canton  ?  Never noticed it before but just drove right past it . Raiders coach Tom Cable said today Jeff Garcia asked for his release . It was a shock to us all ,  Cable said .  We were blown away.Big NFL news @mortreport is reporting that the modified OT proposal for next season has passed 28 4.RT @StephaniaESPN Chargers WR Vincent Jackson has a calf injury ,  done for night . Hard to underestimate impact of competition vs practice . A sad day for anyone that knew him . RT @espn NFL player agent Gary Wichard dies at 60 from diabetes ,  pancreatic cancer  . On this weeks podcast ,  ask your football and non football questions using #AskAdam . Please tweet them to us . Then  . More on the anger in the Texans organization over owner Bob McNairs comments ...  Once again ,  Steelers LB James Harrison is unlikely to play Sunday . Chances aren't much better S Troy Polamalu will ,  though more known Friday . Help us kill cancer . @ESPNRadio #VAuction going on now . Donate  . Vikings placed Adrian Peterson on ExemptCommissioner's Permission list ,  requiring him to stay away until legal proceedings are resolved . In addition to interviewing with the Jaguars ,  Buccaneers' DC Mike Smith is expected to interview with Chargers ,  per league source . Jets planning on releasing kicker Nick Folk ,  per league sources . RT @colfaxschuyler odds that Jets beat Brady again  ?   ...  Hope we learned today that successful season's can go up in smoke in 60 minutes . guys  ?  An epic   and I mean ,  epic   rant from Mike Francesa on the Giants and Eli Manning . Vikings QB Case Keenum remains as Sundays starter vs Rams . To clear up the confused ,  if Crabtree is late into camp it will be bc his contract ,  not his foot . But this is not why Raiders passed on him . All this on a day when I unofficially became first press person ever to be credentialed with ESPNTwitter. Day started so strong ... With whom I share my office ...  RT @DanWeiner Don't think I've ever seen @AdamSchefter this happy before . Former Giants WR Hakeem Nicks tried out today for Cincinnati Bengals ,  per source . 49ers RB Frank Gore is ,  officially ,  active . Rams RB Steven Jackson is playing today . Two defensive coaching candidates the Saints will consider adding to staff include Eric Mangini and Romeo Crennel ,  per  . Vikings RB Adrian Peterson declined to appear Friday at a scheduled disciplinary hearing with NFL despite ...  NFL statement on Giants K Josh Brown In May 2015 ,  the NFL was informed by the New York Giants of Josh Brown's ...  Filed to ESPN Arizona will sign WR Larry Fitzgerald to a record 8 year ,  120 million deal that includes close to 50 million guaranteed . Another loss for the Irish   Notre Dame WR Golden Tate turning pro today ,  too . And Jets announce they've cut Mark Sanchez . All officially out for Week 17 Colts QB Andrew Luck ,  Titans QB Marcus Mariota ,  Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch . Flattered ,  @jimcramer . Flattered ,  my friend . Just trying to help so that at the end of this season you can say one word . Championship . For the first time this season ,  a Steelers cornerback has intercepted a pass . Video of an incident at LAX with 49ers LB Aldon Smith ,  courtesy of Clayton Mullaly ...  RT @LouieRuffolo8 I'm thinking there won't be football in 2011. I hate to think the most popular league in the country could be THAT dumb . Best London game yet . QBs in starting lineup this week that werent last week Green Bays Aaron Rodgers vs . Panthers ,  Philadelphias Nic  . We only wish . RT @NickCarter84 @AdamSchefter tell the NFL to move NEIndy to Monday ,  CinPit to Sunday Night and CleBalti to 1 pm please . Oakland hired former Ravens assistant coach Al Saunders as its offensive coordinator . Cardinals ,  owners of the best record in the NFL at 7 1 ,  will look to start a season 8 1 for the first time since 1948.Cowboys will keep Tony Romo on active roster in hopes he can return sooner rather than later from back compression fracture ,  per @toddarcher . Former Cowboys and Texans QB Brandon Weeden visiting Dolphins tonight ,  per source . 49ers re signed S Chris Maragos to the practice squad . Good for him . He gets to stay in London . Football's close enough to smell ,  and @MikeAndMike is breaking it down all morning on ESPNEWS . New York ,  New York the two players with the most turnovers in NFL this season are Jets QB Geno Smith  22  and Giants QB Eli Manning  19 .Bills coaches going to be angrier than ever about trading Matt Cassel   and they weren't happy before ... Giants have ruled out WR Victor Cruz and LB Jon Beason from Sunday's game . Cowboys announced former Giants TE coach Mike Pope as the clubs tight end coach today . One sleeper free agent QB to watch   who will draw interest   is New Orleans' Chase Daniel . In right spot ,  could challenge for starting job . Though he'd like to be an HC again one day ,  Pats OC Josh McDaniels notified teams Monday he will remain in NE ,  not interview for HC jobs now . Bears announced CB Kelvin Hayden tore his hamstring and is out for the year . What's going on here  ?  Packers LT David Bakhtiari re injured his hamstring and RT Bryan Bulaga is out with a concussion . USC will pay tribute to Junior Seau atTrojans' home opener against Hawaii on Saturday ,  honoring him with 80,000 commemorative wristbands . As expected ,  Percy Harvin is active . Scary stuff . RT @espn Minnesota Vikings' Percy Harvin collapses ,  leaves in ambulance    . Jets claimed former 49ers WR Bruce Ellington ,  per source . News that Delhomme starting against Arizona has reached desert . RT @azmadamex @AdamSchefter As a Cardinal fan ,  let me just say WOO HOO  !  RT @tantoncalamity Local report says lovie is back in 2010. Got any info  ?   ...  Been the expectation all along . So it's a hit for the Bears and for WR Alshon Jeffery ,  who is scheduled to be a free agent this offseason . Patriots QB Tim Tebow will wear No . 5.Seahawks CB Shaquill Griffin is being evaluated for a concussion . Bears agreed to terms on a one year contract with former Bucs LB Geno Hayes and released WR Max Komar . Thanks to @BobGlauber @Brick8Ball @nicoleauerbach @bhossmac @kets13 @dennisllake @thehoopsforum @GabeAlvarez @td619 @vice2020 @Jordo5150 . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Patriots' front office now has produced two GMs this month ,  Jon Robinson in Tennessee and Bob Quinn in Detroit . How much more proof needed  ?  RT @toddarcher    Spoke 2 Wade Phillips agent Gary O'Hagan asked if true . His reply I don't think its true . In today's Super Bowl 10 Spot ,  why Peyton Manning is like Michael Jordan  . More than a name Jim Harbaugh's 49ers are averaging 25.6 points per game John Harbaugh's Ravens are averaging 25.6 points per game . San Diego's Antonio Gates has 109 career receiving TDs ,  two shy of Tony Gonzalez  111  for most in NFL history by a tight end . Congratulations to my friend and mentor ,  @broncossacco ,  on 35 years with the Denver Broncos . As Sacco says ,  All you can ask is a great run . Rams running their first kneel down plays since 2006 ! Oops . If I'm Bud Selig ,  I award the first 28 out perfect game in baseball history to Armando Galaraga . Selig would be right   and applauded . My idea of a heavenly Saturday night back to back NFL games ,  bberry and twitter at my side ,  and a jar of dark chocolate covered almonds . Colts WR Austin Collie is active . RB Joseph Addai is active . WR Pierre Garcon is active . RB Donald Brown is inactive . We have a mini blockbuster John Clayton reported a short time ago that Pats will release QB Kevin O'Connell . Who's backing up Tom Brady now . Once Merriman is healthy ,  which could be in a couple weeks ,  Chargers must release him and he is free to sign with another team this season . Colts said CB Vontae Davis is out Sunday vs Houston and is not traveling with team not injury related . Jaguars get in on QB game ,  grabbing Arkansas' Brandon Allen in round 6 ,  201st overall . Well that didn't take long . Dolphins announced Mike Nolan has been named their defensive coordinator . To honor his late father ,  Cam Heyward wrote IRON HEAD on his eye black for second consecutive week ,  meaning he now faces an 11,567 fine . This is third year under the playoff format revised in 1990   also 2000 and 2006   that all 4 home teams advanced to Divisional Playoffs . Two former US Presidents ,  George Bush 41 and George Bush 43   father and son   watching Texans 49ers from Bob McNair's box today . Bears S Chris Harris ,  who missed practice time last week with a hip injury ,  is active . Colin Kaepernick now has been medically cleared to fully practice with the 49ers  . Detroit flew in safety Louis Delmas for a physical today . Could heat up negotiations with Lions before free agency . RT @douglaspainter1 any word on giants WR steve smiths leg injury suffered Monday night  ?   ...  Don't know details but was told it's not good . Washington RB Samaje Perine is active today vs Broncos . Texans signed Dt Damione Lewis and LB Stanford Keglar ,  placed LB DeMeco Ryans on IR and waived DT Frank Okam . The good old days ... The Browns and Lions faced each other in four NFL championship games in the 50s   Detroit won three ,  Cleveland one . Bucs' GM Jason Licht keeping his promise to go swimming in his suit after each Tampa Bay win .  July 4th holiday rarely comes and goes without incident ...  No surprise but Eagles QB Michael Vick ruled himself out for Sunday's game vs . Dallas . Nick Foles again . Ravens' HC John Harbaugh says he has been exchanging texts with RB Trent Richardson and plans to sign him . Lions taking Reilly Reiff . Steelers taking David DeCastro . Mort and I getting ready for pre game Pro Bowl show on ESPN in our own ways ...  RT @jthom1 League sources confirm that RB Cadillac Williams has agreed to terms w Rams .  ...  Good third down pickup . RT @CMRE24 You thinks Miami has a chance of getting Mike Wallace  ?   ...  Yup . Dolphins know they need to add weapons . Wallace on their radar . Redskins are signing former Bengals TE Alex Smith ,  who played for Jay Gruden in Cincinnati ,  per source . Browns' HC Hue Jackson on DeShone Kizer vs . Brock Osweiler I want to put this thing to bed by Wednesday.Drew Brees No contract talks with Saints in last 3 months.Cardinals placed quarterback Max Hall on injured reserve  left shoulder  and signed quarterback Richard Bartel . Lions DE Cliff Avril is on a flight to Seattle to take his first visit with the Seahawks . Attn . @tthasselbeck @tunasweasel @allbiz . No longer in that spot . Me and mort traded pur top 2 picks . Wheeling ,  dealing ,  taking aim at you . Packers kick off Day 3 ,  and round 4 ,  by drafting Wisconsin LB Vince Biegel . Browns QB Colt McCoy looking strong ,  reliable ,  productive ... legitimate . Vikings HC Leslie Frazier said QB Josh Freeman will not start Sunday vs . Carolina . Cowboys and CB Orlando Scandrick have reached agreement on a 5 year extension worth 27 million ,  including 10 million guaranteed . ICYMI #KnowThemFromAdam with a veteran and rookie ,  Jaguars' EVP Tom Coughlin and Rams' HC Sean McVay.Sunday Countdown's Storytellers had their own super season ... Raiders signed Carson Palmer's security blanket ,  T.J . Houshmandzadeh . In addition to lost draft picks ,  Chiefs' organization fined 250,000. Andy Reid fined 75,000 and John Dorsey fined 25,000.Tight ends combined to score 22 Rec TD in Week 1 ,  the most TDs in a week by TEs since at least 1970 merger ,  per Elias . WRs had only 21.Arizona authorities say they won't seek to extradite Darren Sharper on rape charges until his sexual assault case in California is resolved . Postcard from Falcons camp and why the Falcons defense should be much better this season . NFL Draft kicks off five weeks from tonight ... Panthers gave Trai Turner a 4 year 45M extension ,  including 20.5M gtd ,  per source ,  averaging 11.25 per year . Next a free agent at 28.Cardinals placing RB Adrian Peterson on IR with a neck injury ,  per source . Petersons season is over . RT @PewterReport Bucs RB Peyton Hillis is wearing No . 33. No . 40 ,  which Hillis has worn in the past ,  is safe  ...  Alstott fans . Hijacking wife's computer to redo stories that were written and ready to be sent . And I thought the Raiders had problems . Damn  !  Economic impact of suspensions being overturned players wi be on respective rosters to start season ,  guaranteeing their salaries for 2012.Steelers LB @LaMarrWoodley will not play Thursday night vs Titans . Ray Lewis will not play Sunday vs . Cincinnati but team expects him to play in wild card round . Ezekiel Elliott's appeal of his six game suspension with the NFL is scheduled to last through Thursday ,  per a source . Jimmy Haslam will pay about 700 million in first part of Browns' purchase from Randy Lerner ,  then over 300 million in second part . Vincent Jackson's agent Jonathan Feinsod Archie Manning had it right . They call  A.J . Smith  'The Lord of No Rings' for a reason.RT @nmarron3 Any news on Mario manningham in sf today  ?   ...  All ready come and gone . No deal with SF today . Bucs QB Jameis Winston ,  listed as questionable vs . Saints due to shoulder injury ,  will start Sunday ,  per source . Oh boy . RT @ajtexans Looking at Nat Wx Service radar .  Canton on the south edge of a large mass of rain moving over Lake Erie west to east . The unintended benefit of the Donovan deal  RT @thecooleyzone Mcnabb has drastically improved my interview skills . Amy Trask ,  a long time member of the Raiders' organization and a rare high level female executive ,  has resigned . O.K . Ubertwitter now downloaded onto Bberry . What is this supposed to do exactly  ?  Help . Twitterverse . Cowboys also traded OL Pat McQuistan to the Bill Parcells and Jeff Irelands in Miami . Cowboys Dolphins deals go on . RT @dale73 Vincent Jackson  ?  !  ?   ...  Practiced in full ,  as did RB Mike Tolbert . Honestly  ?  Not much . RT @ribengals @AdamSchefter I love football but dont think i could live it 247 365. Do you do anything else for fun  ?  Those who know Jabril Peppers say this is not a McCaffrey or Fournette situation ,  he wanted to and planned on playing. But can't . Myles Garrett suffered a high ankle sprain . His status ,  per team ,  will be updated in a couple of weeks . Not good ... Chargers now in contract negotiations to make former Bills interim HC Anthony Lynn their next HC ,  per team source . SD trying to get it done . Jaguars RB Denard Robinson starting today vs . Cleveland . Read of the day   terrific work . RT @HarveyAraton NJ Nets for 35 years ,  often bad ,  never boring  . So far ,  two notable NFC East RBs pink slipped today Tim Hightower and Danny Ware . On @MikeAndMike ,  @finebaum just said he believes the two leading candidates for the USC HC job will be Chip Kelly and Kevin Sumlin . Vince Wilfork asked Patriots for his release ,  per @RapSheet . Wilfork made it clear to Patriots in recent weeks he will not restructure deal . Celeb sighting   Harrison and Calista . 49ers RB Kendall Hunter tore his ACL in yesterday's practice ,  per official familiar with injury . No one in Odell Beckham Jr . camp has admitted it ,  but his absence from OTAs is directly related to his desire for a new deal ,  per sources . Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski is active ,  officially . RT @dougcfoster Where do you see Trent Richardson landing  ?   ...  Don't see him slipping past Rams at No . 6 ,  with CLEV and TB also possible . Blazing into top 5. RT @JennBrownESPN Texas A M LB Von Miller runs an unofficial 4.46 in 40 yard dash more results  . RT @SIPeterKing Ruocco nugget 74 starters who normally would have been free are restricted free agents now .  ...  And those 74 are miffed . Chiefs signed former Vikings FB Ryan D'Imperio . Broncos trading a conditional 7th round pick to NYG for K Brandon McManus ,  per source . Kicking insurance while Matt Prater is suspended . A moment of silence for victims at the Washington Navy Yard will be held before tonight's Steelers Bengals game . Giants are the first team to win a Super Bowl with fewer than 10 regular season wins since the NFL went to a 16 game schedule in 1978.Bengals terminated the contract of veteran G Scott Kooistra . Broncos QB Peyton Manning will pay his respects to David Letterman with one final appearance on Late Show with David Letterman tonight . RT @WhitlockJason Bill Simmons says Pats were willing to cut Moss  !  Saints released recently signed G Orlando Franklin . NFL policy on blackouts All games not sold out 72 hours prior to kickof get blacked out within 75 mile radius of stadium . Former Raiders WR Rod Streater reached agreement on a 1 year deal worth up to 4.8 million with KC ,  per source . As @theifa reports ,  the Giants signed former Colts and Raiders safety Stevie Brown . Look for Cowboys owner Jerry Jones to look for a big name coach . But don't look for former Steelers HC Bill Cowher to wind up in Dallas . Another OC candidate the Seahawks are considering is Baltimore's Jim Zorn ,  a choice that would be popular in Seattle's locker room . Blake Griffin out for rest of postseason . Busy morning for Baltimore Ravens closing in on deal with former Bengals kicker Shayne Graham . Cardinals announced they signed former Bears and Raiders RB Michael Bush . One reason Denver wanted Brock Osweiler Paxton Lynch expected to miss 3 4 weeks w shoulder injury he suffered preseason week 3 ,  per source . Lions announced they have signed former Steelers and Titans S Chris Hope ,  and released WR Brian Robiskie . RT @CamStone3 Do you think the Bears will resign Forte  ?   ...  At the very least ,  they will tag him . He's not going anywhere . Colts are retiring the No . 18. No Colt ever will wear it again . Now Gov . Cuomo calling a Jets Bills game in Buffalo on Sunday impractical. So Sunday is going to be out . RT @MaryKayCabot Rams offensive coordinator Pat Shurmur to interview with Browns on Thursday .  ...  He might be The Favorite . Gotten lots of requests for draft pick contract updates like I used to tell @DocB23 ,  when I have news ,  I report news . Till then ,  nothing . Dolphins owner Stephen Ross weighs in on President Trumps comments  . Detroit owns preseason . RT @DetroitLionsNFL QB Drew Stanton's fourth quarter TD  two point conversion secures Lions 18 17 win over Colts . We're it not for Monday's TMZ video ,  Ray Rice would be reinstated tomorrow morning and rejoining the Ravens . Another way to think of July 4. RT @BlkSportsOnline Remembering Steve McNair on the Anniversary of His Death  . Same draft class that produced Bruce Irvin netted Russell Wilson and Bobby Wagner . Even with Irvin suspension ,  still an 'A' draft . San Francisco denied permission to Tampa Bay for the Buccaneers to hire the 49ers DB coach Ed Donatell as their defensive coordinator . RT @stephentulloch If u want to build your football team you draft Ndamukong Suh 93 from Neb . He's a LB's dream  ...  I hear #1 overall pick . Bengals WR AJ Green ,  who has missed past three games with a toe injury ,  will play today ,  per league source . Ebert  ?  Bills DE Shaq Lawson said he doesn't need shoulder surgery . At least 6 teams said they believe he will need shoulder surgery at some point . Jets ruled out RB LaDainian Tomlinson ,  WR Jeremy Kerley and S Brodney Pool from Thursday night's game vs . Denver . At the risk of not sticking to football and offending some ,  who wins NCAA hoops tourney  ?  Pls vote . Better chance they sign me to replace Campbell RT @Pinkone79 Adam ,  Any chance the Skins release Campbell and sign Jeff Garcia  ?  RT @Hodari11 Jags have 40 million ESPN not cover Jags  ?   ...  Jags have 29 million ,  not including 8 million worth of RFA tenders . So 21m . Rams traded fourth  and sixth  round picks to Buccaneers for S Mark Barron ,  per source . It's official Bills have released two time Pro Bowl defensive end Aaron Schobel . Eagles director of player personnel Ryan Grigson interviewed for Colts GM job yesterday and also will interview for Rams and Bears GM jobs . Bears QB Jay Cutler played a small part in Chicago's HC interview process ,  meeting with Marc Trestman before he ultimately was hired . And Bengals free agent safety Reggie Nelson headed to visitmeet with  Oakland later todaytomorrow ,  per source . There is some football news . UFL's Hartford Colonials hired Jerry Glanville as HC . NY's tabloids deliver their own punch ...  Kudos RT @mcantalupo can u thank someone at ESPN for helping me pass an essay on Mandela due to its awesome work with world cup lead ups . Just rubbing on my eyeblack ... Sean Payton said RB Khiry Robinson fractured his tibia and is out for the year . Dallas drafting Dak Prescott in round 4 is first time Cowboys have drafted a QB in 7 years ,  since taking Stephen McGee in 4th round in 2009.49ers OT Joe Staley needed stitches for a cut under his eye and S Jimmie Ward broke his left forearm . Still early ,  but Laremy Tunsil's tumble starting to resemble to the fall that Lael Collins took on draft weekend last year . RIP ...  RT @cnnbrk Whitney Houston died at Beverly Hilton Hotel ,  police say  . Rich . At team meeting minutes ago ,  Redskins players were informed Kirk Cousins will start at Cleveland ,  according to text from person in room . RT @sdutChargers  Big changes in this team Wilson ,  Obiozor ,  Teal ,  Carter ,  Barnes and Goodman all active . None were on roster first 3 games . Jets QB Ryan Fitzpatrick sprained his MCL in Sunday vs . Miami ,  per source . Injury not considered serious ,  but could impact Jets QB decision . Not only did Steelers restructure Antonio Browns contract ,  as PFT reported ,  but they will restructure LB LaMarr Woodleys contract as well . What every team dreads RT @espnnfl 2010 NFL training camps Denver Broncos RBs Knowshon Moreno ,  Correll Buckhalter hurt on Day 1 . Patriots announced they re signed LB Bobby Carpenter and released DL Terrell McClain . Peyton Manning hosting 25th @ESPYS on ABC July 12.A hint Dirk Koetter is favorite to become Bucs next HC 49ers requested permission to interview him Tuesday ,  still havent gotten an answer . Eagles agree to terms with former Bills CB Ron Brooks on a three year contract . NFL statement on one game suspension of Vikings S Andrew Sendejo  . Cap casualties keep coming ,  this time in Green Bay . Packers released CB Sam Shields ,  per source . Happy birthday to the great @Oprah Winfrey ,  who turns 60 today . Former Chiefs WRKR Dexter McCluster reached agreement on a 3 yr deal with the Titans ,  per ESPN league sources . Check out Bill Parcells' NFL preview at 10p on ESPN . @wingoz hosts with Keyshawn . Every team ,  every division . And one other option the Vikings would have had at quarterback ,  the most intriguing one of all . RT @beaver1312 or Ben Roethlisberger . Let the draft chatter begin Nebraska DT Ndamukong Suh is scheduled to visit the Detroit Lions today and tomorrow . Doctors told Jaguars CB Jalen Ramsey that this surgery on his right knee is expected to sideline him six weeks in all . Jaguars will take it . Instead of getting Merriman's mohawk ,  I decided to take advice of @Shanecrabtree82 and get Jared Allen's mullet . It looks so cool ,  so 80s . Cardinals HC Bruce Arians tells reporters starters wont play at all in Thursday's Hall of Fame game . But field looks good . Here's why we will tweet about @JDRFnyc ,  trying to raise funds and awareness  . Might mean nothing today . But Patriots haven't won a game this season against a team with a winning record . Ravens won six . Browns signed LB D'Qwell Jackson on a five year ,  42.5 million deal that includes 19 millin in guaranteed money and roster bonuses . Lions LB Zach Follett was released today from a NJ hospital and is traveling back to Detroit for second opinion . Follett suffered a stinger . One of best parts of the NFL's Opening Day is that it's one big surprise party . Unexpected is just as common the expected . Saturday edition of Sunday NFL Countdown now on ESPN . Falcons' RB Tevin Coleman is now in concussion protocol after slipping in shower at team's training facility yesterday ,  per HC Dan Quinn . And now the Jets are parting ways with WR Eric Decker ,  sources tell ESPN . Have told WR they either will release or trade him this week . RT @LadiDadiFadi any word on joseph addai  ?  no one seems to be talking about him  ...  He'll play . The question is ,  How much . No one knows . Ravens' new deal with former Raiders S Michael Huff will be for three years ,  6 million . Patriots have placed LB Donta Hightower on injured reserve ,  per @FieldYates . NFL determined this week that Giants OT Ereck Flowers did not violate personal conduct policy when he shoved a reporter in GB ,  per official . And A . Goodman . RT @craigary  dunno how long they'll hold up but is there team with better group of vet DBs than Champ ,  BDawk ,  Hill ,  Law . Bears played a little Buc ball Tuesday ,  trying out former Bucs WRs Michael Clayton . Reggie Brown tried out in Minnesota . More filed to ESPN And now that Peyton Manning has directed his agent to get deal done with Denver ,  Broncos will try to trade Tim Tebow . Training camp opens today for Patriots ,  Dolphins ,  Jets ,  Ravens ,  Browns ,  Chargers ,  Cowboys ,  Redskins ,  Bears ,  Packers ,  Saints . Football ... Aaron Rodgers getting cleared changes the outlook for Sunday's game vs . Bears as well as the NFC playoff picture . RT @janesports Jets place S Jim Leonhard on IR with fractured right tibia . Last night a rod was surgically inserted ,  operation successful . RT @bcsgillett Seems east coast media has giants winning .  Why play game  ?   ...  Actually picked Packers . But who cares who anyone's picking  ?  With Ravens having worked out Billy Cundiff and Mike Nugent last week ,  my money's on Cundiff winding up as Baltimore's new kicker . Pittsburgh contemplating cutting K Jeff Reed ,  whom Steelers franchised last off season . Steelers bringing in kickers for workouts Tuesday . Bills planning to do precautionary MRI on WR Sammy Watkins' groin ,  but team does not believe injury to be serious ,  per source . prepping . Could be the end of his Bengals career . RT @Bengals Chad says he s not making trip to baltimore because of ankle . San Francisco WR Braylon Edwards was fined 50,000 for violating the NFL policy on Substances of Abuse . The fine is for the DUI only . Jets still haven't offered extensions to any of the at least half dozen asst . coaches on staff ,  and they're now free to talk to other teams . Chargers will release OT Marcus McNeill this afternoon ,  according to his agent ,  Alvin Keels . Chiefs have released Jaye Howard ,  per source . Good news on Browns' WR Corey Coleman Saw hand specialists this morning . No surgery required . Expected to return in 4 6 weeks . Former Saints S Malcom Jenkins to Philly on a 3 year ,  16.25M deal ,  per source . Andy Reid on Jamaal Charles He's getting closer . We've probably been overly cautious ,  but there's a chance he'll be out there this week.Trying to pitch in ...  RT @ArianFoster #The ,  needs to trend . You're way more popular than me . Help #the cause . #the . Congratulations to the Houston Texans ,  who just won their first AFC South title and clinched their first playoff spot . For second time in camp ,  Antonio Brown and Ike Taylor got into a fight . Small world lunching with a friend in New Jersey ,  whose aunt Martha was the woman that collided with QB Big Ben in his motorcycle accident . Steelers have knack for rostering the toughest kickers in the league . A great day honoring our troops at Quicken Loans National . Mike Wallace repeat tribute on 60 Minutes has been off the charts great ,  even seeing it a second time . What a career . What a life . Not to get @KNegandhiESPN and Philadelphia too excited ,  but ...  RT @ItsMirnes Chance Eagles make the playoffs  ?   ...  3.6 percent if my calculations are correct . Redskins put the second round tender on LB Rocky McIntosh ,  a former second round pick . Eagles announced that QB Donovan McNabb and S Quintin Mikell have been officially added to the 2010 NFC Pro Bowl roster . RT @markschlereth some would argue Orton never started  !     Maybe you should have been writing all those years for the Denver Post . Expressing our sincerest gratitude to those who have given   and are giving   so much for our country to be what it is . Bears QB Jay Cutler has been cleared to start Sunday's game against the Lions . RT @Hoizentrager  Predict the top 3 picks in this years draft . .. Pls check back in February . We're on playoff teams and coaching hot seats . Story of Panthers QB Cam Newton making light of female football reporters ...  Cover of Time Magazine ,  via @davidfucillo . In addition to changing offensive coordinators today ,  49ers also planning to bench Takeo Spikes and Mike Lewis . RT @GregABedard Gotta love Rex . I told Belichick after the game ,  Well see you in Round 3.'  What did BB say  ?  He just looked at me.Should Thomas be voted on an original ballot into a fourth Pro Bowl ,  the incentive in his contract will jump from 1.5 million to 4 million . Denver signed a new target for Peyton Manning former Texans tight end Joel Dreessen . Buffalo HC Chan Gailey said Bills likely to be without OL Cordy Glenn and Kraig Urbick against the 49ers on Sunday . Second night of draft is now underway . Leading off second round ,  Browns draft Oklahoma St DE Emmanuel Ogbah . Dolphins announced they re signed CB Brent Grimes . Here we go ...  Former Browns CB Joe Haden is going to visit the Pittsburgh Steelers tonight ,  per source . Jets re signed LB Ricky Foley to their practice squad . Josh Freeman makes about 6.2 from Bucs this year ,  another 3 million from Vikes   over 9 million until he becomes free agent this winter . Nice deal for Kassim Osgood in Jacksonville three years for 6.675 million that could be worth up to 10.875 million with incentives . Chiefs signed first round draft pick WR Jonathan Baldwin . The club also announced the release of TE Brad Cottam . Look for the smoke coming from NY RT @kalaniboy @AdamSchefter   they tweeted with smoke signals ... not as effective but it worked just fine . Jets official David Tratner just loaded Ubertwitter into my bberry . I'm on it . I HAVE SEEN THE LIGHT  !  NFL's completion percentage entering Week 4 is at 64.2 percent ,  the highest after 3 weeks in NFL history . Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch inactive . Bengals coach Marvin Lewis scored points even on his bye week . He took his wife to Chicago to see Oprah . RT @kann0619 Can you please confirm or deny that Drew Brees signed a contract today  ?   ...  Deny . Am told nothing going on.3rd round compensatory picks go to Green Bay ,  Pittsburgh ,  Baltimore and SF . Minnesota and Cleveland now have asked for permission to interview Broncos OC Adam Gase ,  who has declined to interview until after season . TonightIndy at NYJ ,  700 PM.NE at Wash ,  730 PMSF at Balt ,  730 PM.Cinc at KC ,  800 PMSea at Den ,  900 PM Dal at SD 1000 PM . For those asking ,  Colts TE Jacob Tamme was not listed on today's injury report ,  meaning Indianapolis expects him to play for now . ESPN's Suzy Kolber reports Cardinals quarterback Kevin Kolb will receive his 7 million roster bonus ,  according to team source . No team with regular season wins record in any sport   Warriors ,  2007 Patriots ,  2001 Mariners ,  1995 96 Red Wings   capped season with title . 49ers announced they have signed WR Brandon Lloyd to a one year deal . RT @wolfgangp15 What do you think the patriots will end up doing  ?   ...  Been looking for pass rush help for years . Have to use one 1 there . All jobs are stressful ,  but coaching particularly so  . Jaguars owner Shad Khan locked arms with players during National Anthem . Also mass kneelings and locked arms . Amazingly ,  Denver's first roster move of the season Broncos signed punter Mitch Berger and waived second year punter Brett Kern . Bears placed LB Lance Briggs on the reserveinjured list due to a groin injury . 2. More Incognito to Martin I saw you on Twitter ,  you been training ten weeks .  I want to   expletive  in your  expl  mouth ... Trade between Detroit and Atlanta should be complete Monday . More at ESPN.com . smart . With assist to @mortreport ,  49ers expected to meet today with Stanford HC Jim Harbaugh at undisclosed location away from team's facility . Ravens claimed former Bears QB Jimmy Clausen off waivers ,  per source . Clausen and Ravens OC Marc Trestman reunite in Baltimore . Dolphins TE Dustin Keller ,  who suffered what looked like a gruesome knee injury ,  is undergoing an MRI tonight . Bruce Arians was rushed to a San Diego hospital in August ,  before a Cardinals preseason game vs . Chargers ,  thinking he had a kidney stone . Now official   with statement . Some smart commentary on domestic violence from Patriots owner Jonathan Kraft ...  Just arrived at worldwide leader . Doing some promotional shoot ,  but I have no clue . Like first day of school . But I do have my lunch box . With agreement for HGH testing ,  NFL NFLPA would have new drug program rules . Had they been in place , Wes Welker would NOT have been suspended . Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch is active . Titans promoted Mike Reinfeldt to Senior Exec VPCOO and elevated Ruston Webster to Executive Vice PresidentGeneral Manager . Bears requested permission today to interview Colts offensive coordinator Bruce Arians . Rams QB Sam Bradford chose to wear the No . 8 ,  a la another former No . 1 overall pick ,  Troy Aikman . #nfldraft . Only Coach Ditka could hold a cigar on set while on air ... Texans OL David Quessenberry ,  who overcame battle with Non Hodgkins Lymphoma ,  is PFWA's 2017 Halas Award winner . Cardinals activated LB Deone Bucannon from PUP ,  and Patriots did same with LB Donta Hightower . Two LBs back . ESPN about to carry Mike McCarthy press conference in which he will name the Packers starting QB for Sunday's winner take all vs . Chicago . If Tom Brady does not win his appeal ,  Eastern Illinois would have two starting QBs squaring off in Week 5 Tony Romo vs . Jimmy Garoppolo . Cowboys QB Tony Romo is practicing today ,  an encouraging sign for his availability Sunday . This is as close as it gets to the NBA's Super Bowl ...  Out with the @CallawayGolf Boys for a final pre camp round . Loving these new clubs . With smaller framed Tyrod Taylor ,  Bills' OC Greg Roman could use new Buffalo QB Cardale Jones in short yardage situations . Confused @MisterRoast98's nicknames ,  Mutton Chop and Pot Roast. But former Jag ,  Bronco ,  Patriot ,  Redskin retiring to pursue coaching . Jaguars announced they signed HC Gus Bradley to a one year extension through the 2017 season . Steelers rookie RB Le'Veon Bell is expected to be out six weeks with a Lisfranc injury . Ravens and CB Walt Harris have agreed in principle to a one year contract . I like getting news updates from England so early in the morning   another reason for league to one day have a team there . New Buccaneers DT Albert Haynesworth is starting today vs . Houston . RT @wolverdick ,  @kingsthings ... and it was Larry himself ,  i a tweet weeks ago ,  who said the media should leave this be ,  HYPOCRITE . Steelers LB James Harrison met Tuesday in NY with Roger Goodell and head of NFL's officials Carl Johnson about rules and safety issues . After LeSean McCoy aggravated hamstring Sunday ,  one source said Bills RB will be same position this week ,  probably questionable for Sunday . Classy ...  Sunday is underway . Like the players ,  gotta get my mind right   going to spend the next 15 minutes sitting in the cold tub . Arizona is bringing in free agent DT Nick Eason and free agent OL Wade Smith for a visit tonight and tomorrow . Redskins draft LSU LB Perry Riley . #nfldraft . List I of players invited to NFL draft Luke Joeckel ,  Geno Smith ,  EJ Manuel ,  Chance Warmack ,  Bjoern Werner ,  Jonathan Cooper ,  Sharrif Floyd . Chargers confirmed reports on the stunning passing of NFL great Juinor Seau . Sad day . Thoughts and prayers with Seau's family . Suggestion 1 ...  RT @561Panther A majestic painting with you as captain of a ship .  Side profile as you look into  ...  Custom cleats are all the rage in NFL ,  and they'll be on display in a big way this week . Some perspective . RT @edkrimmer Amazing   Favre plays 297  321  straight games and the guy behind him is out after one with turf toe.Panthers RB Jonathan Stewart is good to go today vs . Titans despite his ankle injury ,  per source . And @BobHoltzmanESPN reported Bengals TEs Jermaine Gresham and Tyler Eifert will be out today . Pending a physical ,  Jacksonville has agreed in principle to trade OT Eugene Monroe to Baltimore ,  per league sources . Sixth QB picked Virginia Tech's Logan Thomas to Arizona . Bruce Arians made a private visit to Thomas about a month ago . No evidence FSU QB Jameis Winston violated conduct code . Here ,  here . RT @hjnorm @AdamSchefter I guess all we should hope for Westbrook is a nice long life after football . Packers announced Aaron Rodgers will start Sunday . Former NFL head coach Tony Dungy will lead a new NFL Player Advisory Forum as Special Advisor to Roger Goodell ,  the NFL announced today . Busy day for Buffalo . Also traded DB Ko Simpson to Detroit for an undisclosed draft pick  probably a 2010 late rounder .Kudos to Lesley Visser ,  who was just voted the No . 1 female sportscaster by the American Sportscasters Association . Quite the honor . Kudos . Raiders WR Michael Crabtree ,  listed as doubtful with a chest injury ,  is not expected to play Sunday vs . Broncos ,  per source . Chiefs acquired Cameron Erving from Browns in exchange for 2018 5th round pick . Giants rookie WR Odell Beckham Jr . is replacing injured Detroit WR Calvin Johnson in the Pro Bowl . Patriots reached agreement on a two year deal with former Raiders DT Tommy Kelly ,  as @RapSheet reported . RIP ,  Jarvis . RT @MiamiDolphins Former Dolphins S Jarvis Williams has died of an apparent heart attack at 45. Myles Garrett ,  concussion ,  is out Sunday vs . Vikings . Tony Sparano and Todd Haley have discussed joining forces in 2012 with Sparano coaching run game ,  Haley pass game ,  as they did in Dallas . Did something called a podcast with @OntheDLpodcast where yesterday's news broke . Here's a listen to it  . One SF advertising executive speculated that another SB win for Peyton Manning would be worth another 3 million in endorsements . Statement from the Ravens We made a mistake and we are sorry for that . We accept the NFL discipline.An issue that I'd guess we haven't heard the last of Wonder what Eagles WR DeSean Jackson thinks of Kevin Kolb's contract extension ... Adrian Peterson's hearing ended . Peterson did not testify ,  but Harold Henderson wants to Troy Vincent ,  who was not there ,  to testify still . Aaron Hernandez's 2014 salary cap charge will be 7.5 million ,  which is remaining pro ration of his signing bonus . Seahawks LB Bruce Irvin is willing to give Seattle a hometown discount WR Jermaine Kearse   from Seattle   is ...  Aldon Smith contract option was just exercised   now under contract to 49ers through 2015.RT @espn Steelers' Troy Polamalu ,  Bryant McFadden return to practice    . Giants re signed S Stevie Brown to a 1 year 4M deal . Vote will pass shortly . Unanimous recommendation from committee . RT @AJCFalcons Falcons GM Thomas Dimitroff ready to ride 40 miles to work today . National bike to work day  !  Cardinals announced QB Carson Palmer has agreed to a three year extension . Friday 10 Spot early Saturday Measure of Tom Brady's greatness ,  grit of Eli and Flacco ,  accuracy of Alex . World Cup over . Wimbledon ,  US Open ,  NBA Finals wrapped . ESPN shined across board . BIG props to colleagues . Now let's get ready for football  !  Lions have lost five straight games on Thanksgiving dating back to 04 by a combined score of 179 62.Jaguars vs . AFC North this season 4 0Outscored North 116 3010 Turnover Margin4 DefensiveSpecial Team TDs . Fact of day in latest #KnowThemFromAdam podcast @DwightHoward said he never has shaved  I need two a days  ...  Panthers eyeing Giants defensive assistant Al Holcomb . Just returned to hotel room from ESPY post party   and the British Open is underway and on the air . Might just skip sleep altogether . Some help is on the way . Steelers' president and co owner Art Rooney is scheduled to join Chiefs owner Clark Hunt in mediation today . Washington signed OL Orlando Franklin and G Arie Kouandjio off Baltimore practice squad and on to its roster . Something has to give Seattle had NFL best 39 takeaways this season SF has only 44 turnovers the past three years ,  fewest in the league . Had he lived ,  Will Smith would have graduated today and gotten his MBA through the artists and athletes program at the University of Miami . RT @mortreport ESPN we're now reporting Matt Jones is signing with Bengals ,  not Titans . Jaguars rookie RB Leonard Fournette suffered a foot injury and HC Doug Marrone said team intends to be careful with him.Friday 10 Spot a bit earlier than usual Brees ,  Brady ,  Rodgers on pace to smash Dan Marino's record . The 47 points the Patriots scored against the Jaguars   minus Tom Brady   are the most points they've ever scored in a preseason game . Former Seahawks Pro Bowl LB Lofa Tatupu ,  who hasn't played since 2010 ,  is working out today for the Denver Broncos . The great @JBsportscaster reports on Michigan's secret weapon ,  Greg Harden ...  Former Bills S Donte Whitner did NOT go to Cincinnati . He agreed to a 3 year ,  11.75 million deal with 4 million gtd with the 49ERS . Rams will take Janoris Jenkins . Nothing like a little Mike and Mike with @StatsMikeMike and @Ekshow  How's that ,  Stats ?  Rick Smith   @RickSmith1956   is Seahawks DC Dan Quinn's agent he is the one negotiating with all teams interested in hiring Quinn as HC . Texans' RB Arian Foster is questionable but he thinks he has a chance to play Sunday . Andre Johnson negotiated his last deal by himself ,  using an uncle as an advisor . Saved himself three percent and cost himself 100 percent . Watching Eagles Giants highlights over and over is like re watching The Hangover . You pick up something different each time . In reworked deal ,  Steelers gave Antonio Brown 8.975 million signing bonus and 1.275 base salary this year  to make it 10.25 million . More Schottenheimer news   49ers announced they have named Kurt Schottenheimer their special teams coordinator . Can't wait  Bart Scott voice  RT @espnnfcnblog Greg Jennings on Sunday NFL Countdown   . False . RT @michelewindsor @adamSchefter Is it true  ?  RT @KeithEloi I've heard that crabtree has signed ,  is this true  ?  Does anyone know  ?  Cardinals DC Todd Bowles ,  interviewing for Jets HC today ,  is scheduled to fly to Atlanta on Weds  if Jets let him out ,  which they might not  . Have heard others do the same ...  RT @ProFootballTalk @drewbrees  compares evidence for bounties to evidence for WMDs  . RT @JasonRomano RT @PastorJoeBrown Memorial Day . All gave some . Some gave all . Never forget that some paid a high price for you . Now that Hines Ward is nursing a hamstring injury ,  people wondering . RT @agsfan415 do you think Big Ben will call out Ward if he can't play  ?  Whoa Former NFL DB Troy Vincent has been named NFL vice president of player development for active players ,  the NFL announced today . Bears have agreed to terms with DL Israel Idonije on a one year contract . Bills have given GM Doug Whaley a contract extension . Cardinals not expecting WR Anquan Boldin to play due to a knee injury . His knee is bothering him far more than his sore ankle . Round Seven of the Supplemental Draft is now underway.No player was selected in Round Six.USC WR JuJu Smith Schuster announces he will enter NFL Draft . Giants believe WR Sterling Shepard suffered sprained ankle similar to one he had in summer more tests Monday ,  per source . Could be 2 weeks . Wishes today would be that the levees hold ,  Isaac goes away and anyone in the storm's path is safe . Thoughts are with New Orleans . Cardinals announced they released WR Ted Ginn Jr . Bob Holtzman is becoming to Berea what Ed Werder once was to Hattiesburg . Official now Bears agreed to terms with former Jets DL Vernon Gholston and former Cowboys WR Roy Williams . Condolences to Adrian Peterson and his family on their tragic loss . Still needs to go through concussion protocol ,  but Saints RB optimistic  . Statement from Ezekiel Elliott's attorneys  . RT @RachelNichols Childress on Harvin He's alert and resting comfortably ,  but will remain in the hospital overnight . Dee Ford ,  NFLs co sack leader ,  is out for game with a hamstring injury . Get ready for a week of wet weather on East Coast . Clouds already moving in . Yick . Barring any complications in Chicago ,  the Julius Peppers deal gets done and announced with the Bears by Friday afternoon . Congrats to Class of '16 Tony Dungy ,  Brett Favre ,  Kevin Greene ,  Marvin Harrison ,  Orlando Pace ,  Dick Stanfel ,  Ken Stabler ,  Eddie DeBartolo . With former Packers WR James Jones now a Raider ,  it leaves Panthers in a challenging veteran WR less spot . Don't know but know that kid can play . RT @Tdanielbenoit do you think Golden Tate would be a first round draft pick this upcoming draft  ?  A goal for 49ers WR Randy Moss to shoot for the last 49er to have a 1,000 yard receiving season was Terrell Owens in 2003.This just arrived in mail ,  courtesy @MikeClayNFL  ,  so it must be getting close to that time ...  Statement from Ezekiel Elliott's attorneys on today's ruling  . Bucs said they have signed CB Mike Mickens from the Dallas Cowboys practice squad and have released CB Marcus McCauley . Niners and Titans trading picks here . Tenn target Justin Hunter . RT @espnafcnorth Unimpressed w Jimmy Clausen . Panthers have interesting decision if Andrew Luck declares 4 draft .  ...  No decision . Luck . Let the hype begin six days till Donovan McNabb returns to Philadelphia to play football's hottest player ,  Michael Vick . Now ,  the transition tag after this season for Kirk Cousins will be 28,732,320 ,  the franchise tag 34,478,784.He's getting paid ,  somewhere . So Tyrann Matthieu took nearly 400,000 less in guaranteed money and will have to earn rest by being on roster ,  not being suspended . Three Percy Harvin TDs wiped out tonight due to penalties   an invite for Washington to stay in the game . Colts WR Austin Collie ,  still battling the lingering effects of a concussion ,  is not expected to play today against the Dallas Cowboys . So Landon Donovan called US 2 ,  Ghana 1. Couldn't play but could predict . Oregon LB Dion Jordan and Alabama CB Dee Milliner ,  who underwent off season labrum surgery ,  are expected to open training camp on PUP list . Serious question to test power of Twitter Has anyone seen Darrelle Revis in past 24 hours and if so where  ?  Trying to track his whereabouts . RT @rye2020 Would the Eagles have interest in Tannehill  ?   ...  Eagles looking at QBs . But he never will make it to their spot in round 1.again  !  One NFLPA source said there's no chance there will be negotiations ,  or even possibly a deal ,  before April 6 lockout hearing is resolved . RT @RavenThoughts @AdamSchefter go to bed  ...  Au contraire . As my friend @WarrenSapp might say ,  time to make the crullers . Johnny Manziel and RGIII are Heisman Trophy winners from Texas who were 2nd QBs selected in respective drafts ,  joining Kyle Shanahan as OC . RT @Tradertoms @AdamSchefter Yep For real that guy is a loser . Kyle Orton   Oooooow . Two drives ,  two picks . Test to see if I can send pictures from book signing to ubertwitter . If it works ,  this could get dangerous ...  luck  !  happen . NFLPA statement on Josh Brown The NFL has the ability to place a player on the exempt list and the player has ...  Rob Gronkowski back at practice for first time since pulling up Aug . 15 in practice with Bears . Happy Mother's Day ,  especially to my wife ,  and my mom ,   @shirleyschefter . About time for her annual Twitter Q and A . Jimmy Clausen now scheduled to fly to Washington tomorrow to spend Saturday meeting with Mike Shanahan and other Redskins coaches . ESPN's Power Rankings Broncos jump to No . 1 Panthers crack top five . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Vikings said Mike Zimmer having emergency eye surgery tonight . His status for coaching Thursday uncertain . Inactive Markus Wheaton ,  R. ! Gronkowski ,  J . Charles ,  DeAndre Levy.Active Jonathan Stewart ,  Breshad Perriman ,  Ryan Shazier ,  Mario Williams . Gary Kubiak told Denver Sports 760 that his plans moving forward are for Trevor  Siemian  to be there Sunday and be ready to go.Trade now official Browns say they got a 2017 fifth round pick from Patriots in return for Barkevious Mingo . Most Picks By School  1st 5 RoundsFlorida St .  9Miami  FL   6Stanford     6Florida        6Alabama    5Louisville    5Auburn       5 . Florida CB Joe Haden ,  the draft's top rated CB ,  ran the 40 in 4.58 and 4.57 seconds   that is not going to help him on draft day . Ravens' K Justin Tucker is so frustrated with negotiations he's vowing not to re sign with BALT after season if no long term deal by Friday . Titans guard Eugene Amano cashed in he signed a five year ,  26.25 million deal that includes 10.5 million in guaranteed money . Jenn Sterger's attorney ,  Joe Conway ,  criticized NFL decision ,  saying in part . Todays decision is an affront to all females ... Training camp opens today for the New Orleans Saints . Dolphins list WRs Jarvis Landry  shoulder  and Kenny Stills  calf  as questionable . Bills win tonight would make them 6 2 ,  bring them closer to snapping NFLs longest active playoff drought Bills last made playoffs in 1999.Green Bay Packers officially have released DB Charles Woodson . Long time since i had seen players i once covered ,  and they looked great ,  looked the same . Classy guys   and their wives are better . Fired in Oakland ,  hired right away in Clev . RT @caplannfl Browns named former Raiders PR director Zak Gilbert as director of communications . MRI showed Chiefs WR Jeremy Maclin did NOT tear his ACL ,  per source . He did suffer a high ankle sprain . Status for Saturday at NE uncertain . Appeal process will follow in season player process which is expedited for competitive reasons . It should be a matter of days ,  not weeks . Packers officially have signed RB Don Jackson to active roster from practice squad and placed RB Eddie Lacy on injured reserve . Happily lived to tell . RT @richarddeitsch SI.com reporting the world is NOT ending . Want it known that I beat @AdamSchefter on this story . Truly . Just met FSU S Myron Rolle in ESPN cafeteria . Impressive kid . He might have other interests ,  but right now he only wants to play football . Sure sounds like the Giants are in market to trade for an OL ... Very cool Under Armour commercial on ESPYs with Deion Sanders and Devin Hester . Those two are closer than Illinois and Michigan . Broncos announced Peyton Manning is expected to practice on Wednesday ,  but Brock Osweiler will start again in Week 15.And there it is ,  from the Jets to the Mets . Seahawks RB Julius Jones saved his job by taking a paycut . The plan ,  which multiple people confirmed ,  was to cut him . Paycut saved job . Broncos bus carrying players and team staff involved in minor accident on way back from Stanford . No injuries . All back at hotel . Bill Belichick conducted his press briefing today at the Brit Oval Cricket Ground in Kennington ,  London ,  for those who know where that is . Jaguars claimed OL Tanner Hawkinson off waivers Monday ,  making him the first player to be claimed off waivers in 2016 league year . A demotion for OC George Godsey . And @mortreport said the Dolphins have chosen QB Ryan Tannehill . Denver has agreed to trade four time Pro Bowl OT Ryan Clady and a 7th round pick to the Jets for a 5th round pick ,  league sources told ESPN . As @michaelombardi reported they would ,  the Raiders released LB Kamerion Wimbley . Broncos signed unrestricted veteran free agent linebacker Nick Greisen . A Saints touchdown . RT @Live4Sundays @AdamSchefter  . RT @pauloaml are Colts gonna rush Sanders back into the starting lineup  ?   ...  He's out till at least December ,  if not for the season . RT @AaronNagler Do you think that could change before the deadline  ?   ...  Sure . But Buffalo's new regime never has wavered on trading Lynch . Jacksonville reached agreement with first round pick Eugene Monroe . Three more unsigned first round picks now remain . Jeff Fisher We had an opportunity to upgrade our offense and Randy has been a tremendous threat where ever he has been.A replacement fullback that would make sense for Philadelphia is former Eagle Dan Klecko . Knows their system ,  lives in area ,  good fit . RT @HeathEvans We have lost 1 of the greatest women I know & hands down the finest in all of sports w the passing of Mrs . Myra Kraft . Berrian Ok folks jokes over . T Jack is fine . But lesson learned here . DON'T BELIEVE EVERYTHING U SEE IN THE MEDIA  !  Yes ,  twitter is media  !  How fitting The Redskins and Donovan McNabb married on Easter night and are divorcing just over a week before Christmas . Missouri DE Michael Sam ,  a projected mid round pick ,  said today he's gay . Story now on ESPN2.Last year's Madden Curse on Peyton Hillis was so strong it might have even affected Peyton Manning and Sean Payton . Bad year to be Peyton . Lions signed former Bucs WR Kevin Ogletree ,  per source . My favorite Twitter time RT @theant1979 Highlight of year was back & forth with guy who didn't believe you that McNabb was being traded . QB Bruce Gradkowski to the Bengals two year deal . RT @espnnfl Washington Redskins place third year receiver Malcolm Kelly on IR  . Michael Crabtree has signed ,  just hasn't won an NFL game yet . Since signing him ,  49ers are 0 4. Yet Crabtree not problem . He'll be a star . Very excited to read what just arrived in the mail ... thank you ,  Nunyo Demasio . Feel bad sending ,  but filed to ESPN The Washington Redskins have hired Bruce Allen as their executive vice president and general manager . posted . Here is the deal and the details ,  as reported by @caplannfl . Meijer has purchased 1,200 tickets for Saturdays Chiefs Colts game to donate to local military families . Game now a sell out ,  no black out . Rams and WR Tavon Austin reach agreement on 4 year ,  42 million extension including 30M gtd ,  per source . Incentives can take deal to 52M . Former Cowboys DL Igor Olshansky signed a 1 year deal with the Dolphins . RT @wingoz proud of merril hoge . just gave tremendous testimony on capitol hill regarding concussions . thorough ,  straight forward and honest . Bengals also might give chance to former Jaguars WR Matt Jones ,  who is deciding between offers from Cincinnati and Tennessee . Neither Joseph Addai nor Donald Brown practiced today for Colts . Addai not likely to play Monday night ,  Brown has a real chance to play . I canoot confirm this ...  RT @wingoz @AdamSchefter in related news .. al davis and mike shanahan had brunch . Colts trying to sign DE Robert Mathis to a new deal but if they can't ,  they told him they will use franchise tag on him by today's deadline . Dez Bryant to have MRI for injury to knee suffered early in win . Notice how teams with young ,  inexpensive QBs   Vikes ,  Dolphins ,  Seahawks   are ones that can afford pricey WRs . QB savings means  elsewhere . Jamaal Charles will undergo an MRI on Monday to confirm his torn ACL ,  but the initial diagnosis doesn't look good . CNBC Mad Money host Jim Cramer ,  a diehard Eagles fan ,  addressed his favorite team after today's practice and ...  CJ is Spiller is signing with Seahawks ,  per source . And the Colts ,  Chargers ,  Saints and Vikings already got their playoff and free agent byes . Colts HC Chuck Pagano on what type of nerves he sensed from Andrew Luck at minicamp Zero . He is unflappable . Mature beyond his years.Jaguars RB Leonard Fournette  ankle  officially inactive today vs . Colts ,  per source . Chris Ivory starts at RB . Chances always high ... like 71.2 percent . John Fox has broken through the snow and into the Broncos interview room with John Elway . With Vikings leading and Chargers on deck ,  a rarity might become reality There hasn't been a home sweep in divisional games since 2004.Happy happy . RT @1CUT Happy Birthday Dan Marino and Pete Carroll  !  Passing along what was passed on to me . Teams have told Derrick Brooks they want LBs that play special teams .  Pats didn't tell Seau that .Can only hope the Madden Cover Curse doesn't strike again ...  Former Bears DE and Pro Football Hall of Famer Doug Atkins passed away today at age of 85.RT @rudebaker Hey ,  Adam ,  how is the Carson Palmer situation looking  ?   ...  A lot like the CBA situation   stalled . Brett Favre drama dragged through other off seasons . Lockout lasted through last off season . Peyton will be this off season's Favrelockout . Former Jets' LT D'Brickashaw Ferguson ,  retiring today at age 32 ,  started 167 games and never appeared on an injury report . Lions are giving former Bengals WR Marvin Jones a 5 year ,  40 million deal that includes 27 million in first 3 years . Texans RB Arian Foster is inactive . RT @SBJLizMullen Breaking SBD San Diego Chargers RFA LB Shawne Merriman has terminated CAA Sports ,  as his representatives . If game vs . Eagles were today ,  Cardinals QB Kevin Kolb could not play due to foot . Wants to face Philly ,  but it will be tough physically . During last labor showdown in 2006 ,  NFL's @gregaiello and NFLPA's @GeorgeAtallah weren't on Twitter . Times ,  tones ,  timelines are different . For all the ups and downs ,  starts and stops ,  there's no reason to get overly emotional now . We all know how this movie ends . FSU WR Travis Rudolph's father ,  Darryl ,  died from accidental shooting Friday . Rudolph's agent sent this email ...  Rather astute . RT @vinnymike87 So the guys that showed up to camp and didn't hold out got paid big while the hold outs  ?  Not so much . RT @dylan58072 Any further knowledge on Warmack ... are they close  ?  #StressingTitansFan .  ...  Can't be much to argue about . Has to be soon . Actual call from Babylon ,  NY on sports talk radio just now . My house is underwater but I want to talk about Jets INTs in the redzone . Cardinals' HC Bruce Arians WR John Brown carries sickle cell trait.A blow RT @TomPelissero RT @1500ESPN Cedric Griffin tears ACL ,  done for season Vikings  via the 1500 ESPN SportsWire   . Worth pointing out Favre INTs ended Jets season last year and Packs' year before . While saluting him ,  should be pointed out he's INT machine . Lions WR Calvin Johnson OUT . Jordy Nelson underwent knee surgery Monday . Expected to be sidelined 4 to 6 weeks but doctors expect him to be ready for opener . Bengals QB Bruce Gradkowski scheduled to visit the Steelers on Wednesday . Steelers looking for another backup . Now that Brett Favre's start streak is over ,  here's a look at football's newest most impressive streak . Patriots Martellus Bennett ,  Chris Hogan ,  Malcolm Mitchell   all listed as quest .   all are expected to play today vs . Steelers ,  per sources . Filed to ESPN Future Hall of Fame wide receiver Randy Moss has decided to retire rather than continue playing ,  agent Joel Segal said . More Meredith tributes . RT @espnmikes ESPN video tribute to Dandy Don and classic ABC photos  . Tom Brady sets record of most passes without an INT  309 .The Jets have released CB Dimitri Patterson ,  per source . Steelers listing DE Aaron Smith on the final Friday injury report of the season as out.49ers announced they signed former Browns K Phil Dawson to a one year contract . With Vinatieri sidelined ,  it would make a lot of sense for the Colts to sign kicker Matt Stover today . He worked out for team Tuesday . Vikings traded DE Jayme Mitchell to Cleveland for a late round 2012 pick . Browns president Alec Scheiner told @darrenrovell that ,  in 12 hours after Johnny Manziel was selected ,  team sold more than 1,500 season tix . Ravens improved to 13 7 all time in the playoffs ,  the best postseason record in NFL history . Jaguars committed 1 million to aid efforts for military veterans in assimilating back into the community when they return from service . Brian Hoyer and Bill O'Brien worked together in past and have an interest in doing same in future ,  per league ...  over  ?  Browns releasing QB Jake Delhomme he would like to continue playing . Didn't change much in second half . Hopkins ,  Strong ,  Miller played . Will Fuller did not . Former University of Pittsburgh coach Dave Wannstedt will discuss an assistant coach's job this week with the Cleveland Browns . Steelers WR Plaxico Burress has a torn rotator cuff ,  what could be a season ending injury . Browns HC Mike Pettine declined to name starting QB for next week ,  wants to wait until Wednesday to announce it . Dolphins get the RB they didn't get in round 1 ,  using 5th round pick on Boise St . RB Jay Ajayi . Tampa Bay will bring WR Mike Williams to San Francisco and will start him ,  despite this morning's arrest . Big weekend for Miami WR Brandon Marshall . He got married . Imagine what it would have been like to be single and succesful in South Beach . NFL would be proud Atlanta airport workers who egged Saints bus will be disciplined . Maybe they could Suh it and say there was no intent . Ravens traded C Jeremy Zuttah and a 2017 sixth round draft pick  198th overall  to 49ers for a 2017 sixth round draft choice . Colts owner Jim Irsay  . Titans WR Kenny Britt had completed visit with New England ,  now will travel to Washington . Panthers ,  Seahawks ,  Rams are interested as well . Rams RB Steven Jackson is active despite undergoing finger surgery this week . Bears watching today . Maybe he picks Denver ,  but Charles Woodson is intrigued with idea of finishing his NFL career in same place he started it Oakland . RT @NickRadz23 Do you think The General Ray Lewis comes back for SNF  ?   ...  The Ravens do . Walked into ESPN green room to work and spotted the surest sign that the baseball men here worked late  . Before Broncos traded for RB Laurence Maroney ,  they flirted with the idea of signing former Steelers RB Willie Parker . RT @debbieballard What do you think of the Giants draft  ?   ...  Typical Giants draft . Take the talent others pass up  but not an Austin fan .End of Sports Reporters ,  and end of an era . Thank you ,  Joe Valerio ,  and the many great people involved with it.Tennessee signed former 49ers TE Delanie Walker to a 4 year ,  17.5 million deal that included 8.6 million guaranteed . Terrelle Pryors Pro Day will be Saturday at 1 p.m . at a local high school in the Pittsburgh area ,  according to his agent ,  Drew Rosenhaus . Will be challenging now for Andrew Luck to be ready to play Thanksgiving night vs Steelers . RT @NotoriousOHM Jacobs ,  who talks to Plaxico regularly There is no chance Plaxico Burress is a New York Giant after he comes home.RT @DJEarAttent Is it possible to get Bill Cowher to Denver  ?   ... Denver's not going Cowher or Gruden ,  and they wouldn't want Denver now . ESPN medical reporter Stephania Bell believes the timetable on OT Ryan Clady's return is not a lock and functionally he may not be 100%.Jets WR Brandon Marshall just became first player in NFL history with six 100 catch seasons . Carolina was awarded a 3rd round comp pick Tenn and GB awarded comp 4th rd picks Baltimore awarded two 5ths and a bunch of 6ths and 7ths . Seattle Seahawks have released wide receiver Mike Williams ,  the team announced . No defender ever has made a better catch than this one from Michigan CB Jourdan Lewis . RT @ChachWEEI please help out the kids of the JimmyFund by donating what you can . visit JimmyFundradiotelethon.org #KCancer RT to followers . Best wishes to @RachelNichols on her new job at CNN and Turner Sports . She'll be ,  as always ,  a pro . Colts announced they agreed to terms with former Chargers cornerback Patrick Robinson . Joe Flacco tore his ACL and is out for the year . Pats TE Rob Gronkowski will need back surgery in mid to late June ,  as @albertbreer reported . Gronk not expected ...  Defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo is the Giants interim HC . No way Lions coach Jim Schwartz shows up at Kyle Vanden Bosch's house   and doesn't get the deal done . Vanden Bosch will wind up a Lion . Lions receiving a 6th round pick in 2019 from the Patriots in exchange for DB Johnson Bademosi ,  per source . RT @mortreport Aaron Rodgers moving toward another start on Sunday  . Former Titans' RB Bishop Sankey ,  who went unclaimed on waivers ,  is signing with Patriots' practice squad ,  per ...  No charges will be brought against Jaguars RB Maurice Jones Drew ,  per source close to situation . Ravens gave former Chargers S Eric Weddle a 4 year ,  26 million deal ,  including 13 million in first two years ,  per source . RT @jfosch777 What's the latest on Peyton Manning is it really down to Denver and Tennessee  ?   ...  Everyone else a longshot . winning . Former Cards QB Max Hall was waived injured and can return in week 6. He has a dislocated left shoulder and is out 4 6 weeks . St . Louis will start QB Kellen Clemens ,  whom it claimed on waivers two weeks ago from Houston ,  against the Cincinnati Bengals today . Players Coalition now inviting Roger Goodell ,  Bob McNair and Colin Kaepernick to attend Mondays meeting in Philade  . No dates for Von Millers appeal of his four game suspension have been set yet . Still being worked out . Eagles signed T Taylor Hart to a two year contract and placed T Jason Peters on Injured Reserve . Falcons tendered running back Jerious Norwood with a second round pick . Somebody's found something to do during lockout . RT @espn Chad @Ochocinco follows his 'dream' ,  to get MLS tryout    . Browns officially activated WR Corey Coleman off IR . Umpire Jim Joyce blew the perfect game . Blew it  !  49ers' DT Justin Smith is retiring ,  sources tell @JimTrotterNFL . Great player ,  big loss ,  in many ways . BTW ,  Raiders are looking for third  and fourth round picks in return for disgruntled defensive end Derrick Burgess . Falcons released RB Steven Jackson ,  per source . Andy Reid said Michael Vick sustained a pretty significant concussion against Cowboys . Eagles and QB Chase Daniel agreed in principle on multi year deal ,  per @caplannfl and me . Daniel reuniting with Doug Pederson . Bills announced Rex and Rob Ryan relieved of their duties . The five year deal that Minnesota linebacker Chad Greenway signed with the Vikings is worth 40 million . Colts signing Josh Freeman just the latest sign that Andrew Luck not likely to play again this season . First 2nd round pick deal is done San Diego's second round pick ,  Jonas Mouton ,  reached agreement with Chargers on four year deal . Why Dolphins G Richie Incognito could have a problem  . RT @Soroski what about John Skelton with the perfect passer rating in AZ  ?   ...  Cardinals believe they found themselves a legit QB prospect . Before NFL could impose discipline ,  the Lions fined S Louis Delmas 5,000 for an obscene gesture he made during Sunday's loss at Minnesota . Please send C'mon ,  Man !  suggestions   goofy plays   to @tunasweasel . Best ones air on Monday Night Countdown . Blake Bortles sprained his throwing shoulder and is uncertain for Sunday vs . Hou.Josh McCown sprained his ankle . Hopeful for Sun vs . Den . Mort will have more on this during Sunday Countdown . RT @MaineSkin @AdamSchefter Why is Porter not playing in Miami  ?  Who's replacing him  ?  12 Bucs WR Mike Williams was pulled over for a speeding ticket   12 miles over speed limit . He volunteered a urine test to prove innocence . Congratulations to the Chicago Tribune's @DanPompei ,  worthy winner of this year's McCann Award . And the Knicks fired Mike Woodson . Jim Harbaugh's circle of friends ...  How's this for a pair of American July 4th birthdays Al Davis turns 81 and George Stinbrenner 80 today . Quite the birthday pair . Chargers RB Melvin Gordon carted off with hip injury . Ravens activated TE Dennis Pitta ,  Chargers activated LB Melvin Ingram ,  Steelers activated TE Matt Spaeth . Who's not pulling for and thinking about Jim Kelly  . Lions OT Jeff Backus ,  who started a franchise record 187 straight games ,  announced his retirement today . Stellar career . After visiting with Bears this week ,  former Giants WR Victor Cruz is scheduled to meet next week with Jaguars in Jacksonville ,  per source . Today marks 50th anniversary of Cleveland's last pro sports championship ,  when Browns upset the Baltimore Colts 27 0 to win NFL title . RT @gregaiello there is no decision on KO time in Minny Sunday if Giants can't make it there 2nite . RT @CQ907 Do you think peyton will play week1 ?   ...  Would be floored . Tampa Bay now has signed its top three draft picks ,  Adrian Clayborn ,  Da'Quan Bowers and Mason Foster . I counted on McKelvin taking knee and Pats getting extra timeout at 2 min warning . I didn't count on Mckelvin running it out . Raiders have reached out to David Garrard . It doesn't mean they will sign him ,  but it does confirm there is some level of interest . After eight seasons ,  DT Terrance Pot Roast Knighton is retiring from the NFL at age 30 to pursue a career in coaching ,  he said . Great run . Cardinals have spoken with former Redskins TE Chris Cooley and have expressed interest in signing him ,  per league source . At 730 a.m. ,  if you're up ,  please stream in . Rough game for Westbrooks last Monday . Eagles RB Brian Westbrook got concussion ,  Redskins CB Byron Westbrook hurt knee and had surgery . Congratulations to the San Francisco 49ers ,  who clinched the NFC West title on Dec . 4.Chiefs wanted to hire Crennel last off season but he needed hip surgery . Now that Crennel is better ,  he wants to coach again . KC in picture . Dolphins announced OT Branden Albert is being placed on injured reserve . Significant injury and loss . Checked in with @mortreport at start of Postseason NFL Countdown and when he answered phone he said ,  Oh man ,  I'm trying to watch the show.RT @EricStangel NFL Ryan Leaf gets 10 yrs probation . The Raiders & Bengals are suddenly interested . Quite the accusation Giants players think Sean Payton is communicating with Saints . No surprise but Chiefs RB Jamaal Charles officially is active tonight . Rookie QBs   Andrew Luck and Russell Wilson   stealing this Sunday's spotlight . NFL and NFLPA jointly pledged 1 million to the American Red Cross to aid in relief and recovery efforts for those impacted by Sandy . Texans considering trying JJ Watt on goal line plays on offense ...  Want a reason why Jim Mora was fired  ?  In their final four games ,  the Seahawks were outscored 123 37.My mailbox has BLOWN UP with your Twitter policy comments . Thank you for them . All I can say with certainty ,  for now ,  is To be continued ... Raiders WR Darrius Heyward Bey ,  TE Richard Gordon ruled out vs . Broncos . Small world  or namedropping    Entourage creator Doug Ellin and I went to same high school . Some character names based on mutual friends . RT @leni26 They can hire during this lock out  ?  !  ?   ...  Hire ,  fire and furlough employees whenever they want . NFL owners meeting are Wednesday in Atlanta . Rams sale ,  enhanced season ,  and league's plans for kickoff week all on agenda . Dolphins fear QB Ryan Tannehill tore his ACL . Training camp stops booked . Starting Thursday ,  stops in order are Redskins ,  Ravens ,  Steelers ,  Eagles ,  Jets ,  Giants ,  Patriots . Home . Whew . Like the Chiefs signing Amani Toomer . Good move . Toomer and Bobby Engram are oldies but goodies . Not happening this season . RT @KumailLassi @AdamSchefter Do you think the Chiefs would trade Bowe  ?  Ron Rivera said that ,  barring a setback ,  Panthers WR Kelvin Benjamin is expected to play Sunday vs . Patriots . And there it is from the police in Santa Clara 49ers LB Aldon Smith was arrested Thursday night for hit & run ,  DUI and vandalism . Friday 10 Spot How many coaches could get fired ,  Ronnie Brown's big incentive ,  the Patriots turnoverless streak . Another way of looking at it . RT @tomhenniker @AdamSchefter Cleveland Browns thru 28 quarters 5TD's  ,  Tom Brady 1 quarter vs Tenn 5TD's . Answers to some of the most asked questions in this new game of courtroom football .  Orange Bowl Clemson Oklahoma.Cotton Bowl Alabama Michigan State . In talking to coaches around the league the past month ,  they've agreed that Pace was the Jets best pass rusher . Not four four weeks he's not . Patriots released WR Aaron Dobson ,  RB Tyler Gaffney ,  DL Geneo Grissom ,  DL Markus Kuhn ,  WR Keshawn Martin ,  DB ...  Craig Sager's inspirational journey . Bravo ,  Craig Sager.With Bears win ,  Giants eliminated and loser of tonight's DAL WAS game is out . Here's why the number 13 is so important to me  . Just like everyone thought Eagles lose at home to the John Skelton led Arizona Cardinals . Philadelphia now 3 6 ,  at NYG next Sunday . Cleveland claimed WR Kasen Williams off waivers from Seattle ,  per source . After round 1 ,  players still on board Landon Collins ,  Randy Gregory ,  Devin Smith ,  Dorial Green Beckham ,  Bryce Petty ,  La'el Collins . On ,  Wisconsin . Both sides ,  NFL and NFLPA ,  hoping to finalize a new drug policy tonight in which suspensions will wind up being overturned . Colts free agent to be 41 year old kicker Adam Vinatieri said he has no plans to retire and is hoping to kick two or three more years.Great ,  lengthy ,  in depth discussion on Odell Beckham Jr on ESPN's NFL Live . Superb . There were teams at the combine that once said they wouldn't pursue Peyton Manning now pondering that possibility . Interest in 18 is high . Michael Floyd said on SiriusXM NFL Radio hell visit Titans ,  Rams ,  Jets and Bengals this week and 49ers ,  Dolphins ,    . Rams granted QB Nick Foles' request to be released ,  per source . Now a free agent . Vikings announced they signed QB Teddy Bridgewater . Now Texans rookie LB Brian Cushing has pulled out of Pro Bowl due to lingering foot ,  knee ,  rib and finger injuries . Cardinals signed DL Corey Peters to a three year contract extension that ties him to Arizona through 2020 season . Baltimore signed veteran NFL kicker Billy Cundiff . Have come to the conclusion that this will be the summer of lots of X's and O's and next to no Z's . FWIW There are 19 teams within one game of first place in their divisions ,  the most ever through the first 11 weeks of a season . Raiders vs . Texans in Mexico City sells out in minutes . Sure seems like I was in the minority on enjoying the BEP's . Lots of people blasting me as if I picked the Browns to win the Super Bowl . Texans said QB Tom Savage will miss significant time with a shoulder injury that will not require surgery . Injury report after being ruled out Saturday with 102 temperature ,  @mortreport is probable for today's Sunday NFL Countdown at 11 am . Vikings RB Adrian Peterson is active and Vikings CB Antoine Winfield is inactive . RT @kleems4 Is that the case for Louis Delmas too  ?  Heard he's in StL today also .  ...  Correct . Some physicals more important than others . Jets name Geno Smith their QB for Sunday's opener ,  meaning Patriots likely to face rookie QBs in their first two games . Wouldn't be surprising if Packers put in waiver claim today for former Pats QB Kevin O'Connell . VH1 is calling @OGOchocinco's dating show The Tournament. Guess The Uno is going to get more than her shining moment . Cuts still coming Cowboys released G Montrae Holland today . How's this going to go today  ?  Filed to ESPN Free agent quarterback Chris Simms reached agreement with Tennessee on a one year deal . Simms a Titan   again . RB Le'Ron McClain agreed to terms on a 3 year deal with the SD Chargers . This is called a great day at the office Falcons DE Adrian Clayborns 6 sacks Sunday earned him a 750,000 incenti  . As @mortreport reported ,  Peyton Manning is highly unlikely to make a decision by Tuesday . Falcons announced they hired former Vikings HC Mike Tice as their offensive line coach . RT @AnthonyGKalla @AdamSchefter @beevleejay @bestbuddies 320  ...  Do i hear 400 ? Broncos signed former Seahawks DT Kevin Vickerson . RT @DenverBroncos Broncos trade for Chris Gronkowski  . Saints released veteran DE Obum Gwacham ,  per source . And so on same day ,  in midseason ,  AFC South undergoes major changes Titans fire Ken Whisenhunt ,  Colts fire Pep Hamilton . NFL commissioner Roger Goodell just revealed in his NFL.com live chat that the Saints will host the Vikings in the regular season opener . RT @billromanowski I met with Mike Shanahan ,  Bruce Allen & the entire offensive staff today to present a Performance Plan . Seahawks HC Pete Carroll anticipates that RB Marshawn Lynch will return to practice Monday ,  just in time for postseason . Eagles are trading CB Eric Rowe to Patriots for OL Josh Kline and a draft pick ,  league sources tell @MikeReiss ...  Here's the deal on Andre Johnson's wishes for a new deal RT @espn Andre Johnson of Texans skips workout    . Vikings worked out multiple kickers today but are now planning to stick with Blair Walsh ,  per league source . Props to Leslie Frazier ,  Bill Cowher ,  Eric Mangini for visiting U.S . troops in Persian Gulf this week as part of a USO tour . With that touchdown ,  the Saints defense now has two more this season than the Browns offense . This has gotten real ugly real fast ...  Here we go again Jaguars signed veteran quarterback Todd Bouman . The Men . The Sunday Night Conversation . And on NFL Live today . Ochocinco and Ochouno . Priceless . My Wish Michael Phelps.Ed Werder reported that Brandon Marshall and Tony Scheffler not allowed on Broncos sideline or in locker room today . Then there's this . Patriots making Monday headlines . And the biggest one is yet to come here in next 24 or so hours . Tony Romo is leaving football and going into broadcasting ,  even with Dallas planning to release him today ,  sources tell @toddarcher and me . Another candidate who will get consideration for Redskins defensive coordinator job is Bengals LB coach Paul Guenther . In our 16 team FF league ,  @StephaniaESPN and co owner Rob Guijarro pulled a Tom Brady . Their team scored a preposterous 186 points . 49ers expect RB Carlos Hyde's status to be a pre game decision ,  but it does not sound promising that he will be active ,  per sources . Stat of morning via @GerryCallahan Broncos are averaging 27 points per game more than the Patriots this season . The pain that players must put up with ...  C.J Spiller and Fred Jackson are active . Top 10 picks 1. STL 2. DET 3. TB 4. WASH 5. KC 6 SEA 7 CLE 8 OAK 9 BUF 10 CHI OR JAX  coin flip .Great  fantasy  game . Here's the actual deal SF is trading Vernon Davis and a 2016 7th round pick to Denver for a 6th in 2016 and a 6th in 2017 ,  per sources . Panthers WR Steve Smith underwent surgery last night . He could be ready for the Panthers regular season opener . More at ESPN.com . And in the sequel ,  Roger Goodell and Tom Brady on Monday morning . Packers' RB Eddie Lacy is scheduled to be an unrestricted free agent after this season . Important for him to get his ankle right . Patriots free agent RB Stevan Ridley is visiting NY Jets today ,  per source . He already has visited Dolphins . More news from Michael Bennett's attorney ,  who calls for investigation of Las Vegas police  . Seahawks TE Jimmy Graham being carted off with air cast over his right leg . To the surprise of no one ,  Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger is starting tonight . He's not moving well in pregame ,  but he will play . Whoever's left in last round ...  Josh Gordon's potential reinstatement will be delayed until NFL feels comfortable he has 60 90 days of no red flag tests ,  per league source . Ted Wells' second interview with Richie Incognito scheduled for this week has been cancelled ,  as have interviews with 11 other Dolphins . Saints and Drew Brees expect to reach agreement on short term contract extension by the end of the day ,  per ...  Stay cool on this holiday weekend . NFL fined Broncos' LB Brandon Marshall 24,309 for his helmet to helmet hit on Cam Newton ,  per source . Updated with contract figure Steelers are signing DE Stephon Tuitt to a five year ,  61 million extension ,  per source . TonightPhiladelphia at New England ,  730 pmTennessee at New Orleans ,  8 pmSan Diego at Seattle ,  10 pmDetroit at Oakland ,  10 pm . Packers offensive coordinator Joe Philbin is interviewing today for the Buccaneers head coaching vacancy . Anthony Barr doing some work ... 2014 NFL Draft airs on ESPN May 8 @ 8pm ET ,  May 9 at 7 pm ,  May 10 at noon ...  Saints guard Jahri Evans also restructured his contract ,  saving New Orleans about 2 million on the cap . Mike Munchak is a practical Titans lifer   27 years with the organization . The fact he interviews first for HC job there is telling . Big personal week for me . My book ,  Class of Football ,  is released tomorrow . Have radio appearances I'll keep you abreast of here . Stream in . And Pitt DT Aaron Donald ,  all 285 pounds of him ,  clocked in 40 at unofficial 4.65.Former NY Jets' WR Eric Decker is meeting today with the Tennessee Titans ,  as @fhnixon said . Tennessee had appeal to Decker family . Impressive ,  very . RT @bobbyheard @AdamSchefter What did you think of Seymour's impact in Oakland last night  ?  Loved this Tennessee wore helmet stickers honoring its former standout ,  Chiefs S Eric Berry ,  during Saturday's game at Vanderbilt . Giants TE Evan Engram will not return today due to a rib injury . Michael Sam has not been told of any teams that claimed him on waivers . Appears he went unclaimed . Now free to sign with a practice squad . Colts RB Donald Brown and WR Anthony Gonzalez are both inactive . Colts RB Joseph Addai  neck  ,  LB Gary Brackett  toe  ,  RB Mike Hart  ankle  ,  LB Clint Session  elbow  ,  DB Justin Tryon  foot  ruled out vs NE . Buccaneers now officially have announced acquisition of guard Logan Mankins from the New England Patriots . One of the most well written and thought provoking stories of the year ,  by @RosenbergMike.Partnering with @AidStillReqd to give Haitian kids the education they deserve . Can you help change some lives ? Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski is not traveling to Cincinnati and is out for Sunday . Pats WR Danny Amendola is traveling and is questionable . Former Broncos return ace Trindon Holliday has agreed to terms with the Giants on a 1 year deal . The Bucs equipment staff is doing a bang up job . Major props to them for the job they've done for these players . Andy Dalton named Week 8 NFLPA Community MVP for raising funds for ill ,  physically challenged and mentally disabled kids . RT @SIRossTucker Romeo Crennel and Phil Savage making millions doing nothing now while Josh Cribbs makes relative peanuts doing this  ?  Despite being listed as questionable with an illness ,  Dolphins center Mike Pouncey is expected to play Sunday vs San Diego . Honestly so many it's too tough to name all . You forget some . RT @reallyrlreviews You don't respect Brady enough to mention him by name  ?  Ryan Mathews IS signing in Philly ,  per source . Dolphins fans will find this hard to believe . RT @Jorshhh So Tedd Gin has the same value than Santonio Holmes  ?  49ers are   and have been   honing in on hiring Falcons OC Kyle Shanahan as their HC ,  per sources . TB HC Dirk Koetter on if Ryan Fitzpatrick has inside track on backup QB No ,  not necessarily . Ryan Griffin's had a really good offseason.An inspirational Veterans Day story  . Josh Norman vs . Odell Beckham Jr twice a year now . Panthers free agent DE Greg Hardy is visiting the Dallas Cowboys today ,  as @nickeatman reported . Dallas definitely interested in Hardy . The incredible details of coin toss mayhem via @SeifertESPN and @jasonjwilde . If San Diego doesn't want to pay WR Vincent Jackson ,  I can think of teams in Seattle and Washington DC that would . Michael Vick to attend Georgia Dome ceremony ,  Falcons game ...  We have till April to debate . RT @scottc88 @AdamSchefter Jack Locker gets drafted ahead of Bradford and McCoy  ?  Am I missing something  ?  More deals coming @JayGlazer reports WR Sidney Rice has a five year deal with Seahawks . Jerry Jones on Tony Romo replacing Dak Prescott 'You'll know it when you see it' . Bears DE Lamarr Houston tore his ACL and is out for the year . Chargers LB Manti Te'o out for opener Monday . Hue Jackson said QB Deshone Kizer will start next week vs . Bengals . While NFL investigates New England ,  the standoff between NFL and Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch is on . I'd bet some of both . RT @Daveteems @AdamSchefter I'm sure ur getting this a lot but Moats or Slaton this week  ?  Browns restructured CB Sheldon Brown's contract this way They kept the last three years ,  then added a hefty signing bonus and incentives . Washington proposing the elimination of overtime in preseason games  like that .Further consequences . RT @ProFootballTalk If lockout lasts 30 days ,  Cardinals will slash staff's pay 35 percent  . RT @mschmitty24 New York Jets are winningest team of the decade ... 3 0.  ...  You're stealing Al Davis' material . The FB from Hard Knocks gets a chance ...  RT @JasonDavis43 Leaving a relaxing weekend in Knoxville to go workout for the Eagles . Steelers and Antonio Brown on verge of a restructured contract expected to be completed shortly ,  per league source . NFL sent memos to specific teams today ,  telling them to hold on to phone records investigating agreements announced in three day window . Included in Matthew Stafford's three year ,  53 million extension is 41.5 million guaranteed . Big guarantee . And there we go . No one knows how this will work out . Signs are encouraging ,  but these talks also are fragile . Buffalo Bills firing OC Greg Roman ,  per league sources . Roman was NFL's top paid OC . Injury update Thunder have announced Kevin Durant has been diagnosed with a Jones fracture expected to miss 6 8 weeks . Giants announced the hiring of former Lions GM Martin Mayhew as their director of football operationsspecial projects . Text from one league source on Patriots landing former Browns LBDE Jabaal Sheard Will be top 5 signing of free agency ,  guarantee it.John's calling out candidates like they're audibles RT @johnelway Rick Dennison and Dirk Koetter are all set to visit us tomorrow . To recap Alex Mack highly impressed with Jacksonville ,  wants to play there ,  will sign 5 year offer sheet by end of week ,  per ESPN sources . Former Bills QB Tarvaris Jackson expected to sign a one year deal with Seattle ,  where he once was Seahawks' captain . Saints are giving RB C.J . Spiller a 4 year ,  18 million deal that includes 9 million guaranteed ,  per source . Last year of deal can void . SD agreed on 2yr 2.5M to 4.5M deal for DB Atari Bigby . Chargers releasing former first round draft choice D.J . Fluker ,  per source . One more good OL added to free agent crop . Plays TG . Vikings QB Sam Bradford turns 30 years old today . RT @1stuartscott Start chemotherapy Monday . I'll face it w head held high . Nervous  ?  A little fear  ?  Yes . But love support prayer c me thru . Dennis Byrd's former teammates ask his widow to donate his brain . Biggest surprises from Week 1 in the NFL . To quote @tthasselbeck on Jacoby Brissett ,  This is the best Colts backup quarterback weve seen in years. #BrotherlyLove . LSU's La'el Collins ,  back in Baton Rouge to meet with police and undergo a paternity test Monday ,  is likely to be picked today ,  per sources . Bears QB coach Dowell Loggains is now considered the leading candidate to replace Adam Gase as Chicago's offensive coordinator ,  per sources . Greenwood County Coroner James T . Coursey confirmed Gaines Adams' death . He was pronounced dead at 9 a.m . Stunningly sad . Dolphins RB Arian Foster expected to make Miami debut Friday vs . Cowboys ,  per Dolphins HC Adam Gase . One of the ugliest injuries of the season ...  Giants announced that former first round pick ,  RB David Wilson ,  will undergo neck surgery and his football future is uncertain . With Jairus Byrd hitting the market ,  Bills announced that DB Aaron Williams has signed a contract extension . Email from high ranking source have not heard if it is definitively done but also have not heard anything negative s  . ESPN's NFL Insiders preview Thursday Night game ,  update Patriots' injuries and discuss which teams have best future . Whatever the Players Association decides to do draft week ,  it is unlikely to go head to head versus the NFL on the night of the draft . RT @rockchalk1985 who of last years bad teams will be the most improved team this year  ?   ...  Falcons ,  Redskins ,  Chiefs ,  49ers ,  Seahawks . Numbers on Bryan Bulaga's five year contract with GB 14.75 million ,  including 8.76 million guaranteed . That's a lot of cheese . A firm 10 year agreement with NO opt outs . Labor peace till 2021 if NFLPA ratifies deal . Best wishes to 1984 Olympic gold medalist Scott Hamilton ,  who underwent surgery in Boston to remove a benign brain tumor . This week's power poll.1  Patriots   Getting close to wrapping up the AFC's No . 1 seed 2  Falcons   Biggest re ...  RT @NFLfootballinfo Adrian Peterson is 4th player ever to rush for 1000 yards & 10 TDs each of 1st 4 seasons  Tomlinson , Campbell , Dickerson  . NFL has heard Richie Incognito's VM to Jonathan Martin . Dolphins have heard the voice mail . NFL supplemental draft came and went today without anyone being picked . Last player picked in supplemental draft was Josh Gordon in 2012.And my favorite segment ,  C'mon ,  man !  is up next . Once again ,  Kevin Kolb is the third QB for the Eagles ,  with Michael Vick as the No . 2.Giants HC Tom Coughlin said WR Hakeem Nicks had a little tightness in the groin and they held him  out today .Fight fest at Jets . Thomas Jones vs . DB James Ihedigbo ,  then OL Stanley Daniels vs . DT Sione Pouha . WWE stuff  !  What a loss ...  Text from buddy I'm in shock right now . Seattle scores ,  I win 15k in my box pool.Scorecard for today  . At least @WindhorstESPN didn't fall asleep here ...  RT @TreyHickman Who's the better rookie sensation Julio Jones or A.J . Green  ?   ...  Listen to Dennis Green they are who we thought they are . Special start times for NFL Insiders Sunday Edition  9am  ,  Sunday NFL Countdown  10am  ,  leading to College Football Selection show  noon .ESPN's NFL MVP Poll Tom Brady unseats Derek Carr as No . 1Here's why Miami picked OT Jonathan Martin in Round 2 Miami allowed a sack once every 10.5 dropbacks ,  worst in the NFL . A jury ruled today that Brandon Marshall did not assault a woman in 2012 and is not responsible for damages ,  per attorney Harvey Steinberg . And if the T.O . news weren't bad enough for Buffalo ,  Fred Jackon aggravated thumb injury and had to be carted off . Sheesh ... Way to bookend the summer Jim Tressel resigned on Memorial Day ,  was suspended on Labor Day . Wonder what he's planning for Halloween . Well ,  it looks like the Jets have made a free agent move . RT @DonovanWarren Naw I ain't get drafted but I'm wit the Jets . Let's get it  !  RT @LizzsLockeroom @AdamSchefter So do you believe Rush was treated unfairly by the media  ?  ... no ,  just wasn't ever realistic ,  that's all . Fact of week DeSean Jackson will count more against the Eagles' salary cap this season  6.25M  than he will the Redskins'  4.25M .Let's try this again Frank Gore plans to sign with Indy ,  per source deal expected to be similar to Philly offer 3 years ,  12M ,  7.5M gtd . A third pick on a third straight possession just bounced off Ellis Lankster's hands . He nearly was the anti Kyle Orton . Lions released ,  amongst others ,  RB Mike Bell ,  WR Marcus Harris ,  S Michael Johnson ,  K Dave Rayner and DT Montavious Stanley . Packers announced they officially have re signed LBDE Mike Neal and TE Andrew Quarless . Join #bluegenesbash 330 @LavoNY w @TinaCervasio @AvivaDrescher @DaxMcCarty11 @NYCFC @NYCosmos  . Hmmm ...  RT @FisolaNYDN NY Daily News has learned that Knicks got a second meeting with LeBron's reps on Saturday in Cleveland . ESPN analyst Eric Mangini shares his thoughts from @theUSO Tour to Persian Gulf with NFL coaches  . Browns officially put G Joel Bitonio on IR . That hit last night on Pats RB Danny Woodhead was ... beyond brutal . Hurt watching it . Filed to ESPN Rams close to trading QB Sam Bradford to Philadelphia for Nick Foles and draft pick compensation ,  per sources . With Josh Gordons possible reinstatement near ,  its possible Browns could look to trade his rights by todays 4 pm deadline ,  per source . Rob Gronkowski's injury history  . Bills QB EJ Manuel officially active and starting . RT @mortreport  Michael Turner and Jerious Norwood both active for Falcons . To reunite Brandon Browner with Legion of Boom ,  Seahawks gave their former CB a one year deal ,  per source . Browner back to Seattle . Bad break for Baltimore . RT @espn Ravens' Donte' Stallworth probably out 8 weeks with broken foot    . Seahawks have placed FB Derrick Coleman on IR  foot  and have signed WR Phil Bates from the practice squad to the 53 man roster . So it's not unusual for Va . Tech RB David Wilson to do what he did ...  RT @Stayoffmyyard He wore one to class every day too #Hokies . So Cowboys come out of draft with CB Byron Jones ,  DE Randy Gregory ,  OL La'el Collins   three players once projected as first round picks . RT @Zigginnators Should Vikings stick with ponder or draft another QB  ?   ...  If you invest No . 12 pick in a QB ,  have to see what you have . Dolphins feel strongly about TEs Jordan Cameron and Dion Sims . They did not want to take 5 days to decide . They're moving on ,  so is Clay . Brock Osweiler has impressed . One Browns player privately predicted he wouldn't be surprised if Brock is QB1 heading into camp in July.One more time ... get your popcorn ready ... People can be so nice RT @notjimmyclausen Schefter   FWIW your FWIW tweets enrage me . You're not clever ,  cool or hip . You Helmet hair idiot . Colts have re signed sixth year veteran DE Josh Thomas and waived second year RB Mike Hart . Honored to work with a broadcasting legend on his final night of work at ESPN . The letter that Roger Goodell sent to about 1,900 players today that will not change the PA's mind . Lions signed former Packers DE Datone Jones ,  as well as DT Caraun Reid . As unlikely as Favre in purple . RT @Skripture13 as a Packers fan ,  this is sad but true..John Kuhn has 3x more TDs than Greg Jennings . RT @mortreport More on Holmgren & Browns  . Colin Kaepernick Foundation donated another 100,000 to three organizations as he continues his pledge to donate 1  . That's a two year deal for Chad Henne in Jacksonville . And so the QB dominoes begin to fall . Anthony Barr says he still gets hate messages for hit that injured Aaron Rodgers . Former Dolphins DE Derrick Shelby agreed to 4 year deal with Falcons ,  per @FieldYates . 18M base value ,  7.5M guaranteed ,  21M max . QB is start of march back to relevancy . A look at Bud Adams' ad . Patriots ruled out WR Chris Hogan for Sunday nights game in Denver . Placed on IR today RB Ryan Mathews  neck  ,  WR Tyler Lockett  tibia  ,  TE Cameron Brate  back  ,  RB Carlos Hyde  MCL  ,  QB Marcus Mariota  leg  . #KnowThemFromAdam podcast features Alshon Jeffery on FA and Falcons GM Thomas Dimitroff on what this week is like.The Patriots just agreed to a one year deal with free agent wide receiver Donte Stallworth . Browns ,  Cardinals ,  Eagles ,  Packers ,  Steelers ,  Texans ,  Titans open camp today . hunch . Combine Compare            Watt 11  Bosa 16Height   65        6540 yd    4.84     4.8620 yd    4.21      4.213 cone  6.88     6.89Aaron Rodgers has gone 286 consecutive passes without an INT at home   second longest streak behind Tom Brady's 288 from 2002 04 ,  via Elias . Pressure now on Vernon Gholston ,  but other players will have to step up in Pace's absence . And check out Jets early schedule . Brutal  !  RT @NathanAllen09 Is there a deadline for a college player must declare for draft  ?   ...  Jan . 15. Andrew Luck ,  pls pick up courtesty phone . Oakland Raiders now are expected to trade a 2014 late round pick to Houston Texans in exchange for QB Matt Schaub ,  per league source . Browns announced they signed TE Kellen Davis and DB Chris Owens . Titans released safety Michael Griffin as teams continue to trim salaries   with more to come . Gruesome injury of day Bears TE Zach Miller appeared to break his leg catching a TD moments ago . RT @BillPlaschke Coach's lasting lesson is one of simple devotion John Wooden's inspiration was beloved wife ,  Nell  . RT @olsenrules Hey @AdamSchefter how dominant would a TOCam Newton lineup be  ?   ...  Not as dominant as a Steve SmithCam Newton lineup . The upcoming No . 2 overall pick in the NFL draft ,  @RGIII ,  is verified on Twitter . Did it again today and now ,  Bills' RB Karlos Williams has become 7th player in NFL history to score a TD in each of his first 5 NFL games . Former Broncos DE Jarvis Green is scheduled to visit the Browns tomorrow . RT 1 @KouroshSafavi Disappointing to see that type of ignorance . We're all brothers and sisters in humanity . Being a Muslim ,  I get comments . Initial diagnosis on Steelers OT Willie Colon is torn Achilles . More tests to confirm tomorrow . Looks like surgery and 5 6 months of rehab . Tom Coughlin said Ahmad Bradshaw is a possible game time decision ,  and he has played through pain before . Said no surgery necessary now . Seahawks released kicker Jeff Reed and DT Junior Siavii . La'el Collins and his reps have decided if he's not selected tonight he will not sign a contract with a team and will renter draft next year . Former Giants S Kenny Phillips accepted a one year deal with the Philadelphia Eagles . Tampa Bay ,  Cincinnati and Denver have most cap room . Tampa Bay is about 44 million under cap ,  Cincinnati 41 million ,  Denver 38 million . Seahawks ,  Giants ,  Jets and Dolphins are among teams that have called to discuss free agent Safety Charles Woodson per @JosinaAnderson . Bobby Bowdens grandson was one of 2 men killed when their car flipped into a small ditch off a central Florida road ,  officials said Thurs . And if the Davis McNabb Syracuse connection weren't enough ,  McNabb and new Raiders OC Hue Jackson also are distant cousins . Saints claimed WR Austin Carr on waivers from Patriots ,  per source . An aneurysm took Konrad Reulands life at 29 years old ,  but he gave the gift of life to Hall of Famer Rod Carew . Green Bay traded up from 59 to 51 to draft DT Jerel Worthy . Jets tried trading WR Stepehen Hill this summer . No takers . Let's see if final cuts today and Saturday change that equation . Fears confirmed Bengals CB Darqueze Dennard needs shoulder surgery and is out for the year ,  per source . Packers Aaron Rodgers still has not been cleared to play . Jets Broncos agreed to Tim Tebow trade before Denver asked NY to pay back portion of bonuses and salary already paid to Tebow . No deal yet . Fascinating to me to see the fascination in Twitterverse about which team will sign Michael Vick . Tweets pouring in . Vick is making it rain  !  #KnowThemFromAdamTexans' OL David Quessenberry discusses his 3 year battle with cancer . Randy Moss open to returning to winning team ,  with seasoned QB ,  proper comp . Pats ,  Eagles ,  NYJ ,  NYG ,  Cowboys ,  Bears could interest him . Cardinals have claimed former Patriots CB Alfonzo Dennard off of waivers ,  per @FieldYates . Feeling inside Raiders building is that Tom Cable is likely to learn his fate by Tuesday ,  and there's little optimism that he will return . 49ers expect S Jaquiski Tartt to go on IR with broken forearm second straight week their starring S broke his ...  Not only will Chargers HC Norv Turner be back ,  but he'll be back with a three year contract extension . And now the Jets are releasing WR Brandon Marshall ,  per sources . Correct me if I'm wrong ,  but didn't President Obama pick Kansas to win it all  ?  Business is booming ...  Wow ...  Once again ,  no practice today for Chargers TE Antonio Gates and WRs Malcom Floyd and Legedu Naanee . All we know on Wes Welker for now is ,  he was carted off ,  he's not playing again today and non contact injuries usually are bad . RT @kentsomers Whiz on Leinart  ... can he survive in the role as a No . 2 on this team  ?  And thats really what the decision is about.Bucs safety Dashon Goldson fined 30,000 for his helmet to helmet hit on Jets TE Jeff Cumberland . Jerry Jones jokes he'll bump his wife out of first class to accommodate Tony Romo on trip to London . Also not surprising former Browns LB Ausar Walcott cleared waivers today . RT @giantspathanlon despite media reports to contrary ,  the league informed us today our season is not over ... full slate really is 16 games . Seahawks officially placed DL Cliff Avril on injured reserve . A thank you to some supporters on FF @ageekinthepink @DaneLopes @Keithski @MikeMaynes @connorwilliams1 . Had former agent Mike Tannenbaum not returned to NFL ,  to MIA ,  he would be representing both NBA Finals coaches ,  Steve Kerr and David Blatt . Last NFL postseason without at least one New York team was 2003 ... Indications now are that the Patriots also have released TE Alex Smith ,  which must mean that Ben Watson has made the final 53 man roster . RT @LeslieDOwens What's the word on Clay Matthews  ?   ...  Doubtful he plays . Superb story by ESPN.coms Liz Merrill on Mike Zimmer and the death of his wife . Four weeks from tonight ,  it's on . Chargers TE Antonio Gates and RB Ryan Mathews did not practice today but WR Malcom Floyd did . Bills RB Marshawn Lynch finally practiced with Buffalo AND spoke to HC Chan Gailey for first time . Panthers took the highly unusual step of allowing HC John Fox to void last year of contract . But no offers out there better than one he has . act . Raiders been shopping much of their roster ,  including CB Nnamdi Asomugha . But his contract makes him untradeable . More details at ESPN.com . Ezekiel Elliott and Kareem Hunt ,  who meet today ,  have combined to set this record a rookie has led NFL in rushing for 22 straight weeks . RT @RachelNichols Childress wore lipstick ,  a wig ,  blue nylons   the message it's just a game have fun. Players loved it . Teams with most cap room this am CINCY 54 million under CLEV 48 mil MIAMI 47 mil INDY 44.5 mil PHIL 33.5 mi TB 32.5 mil . As @Edwerderespn reported ,  Saints WR Marques Colston is active and Jonathan Vilma will lead Saints on to field for opening coin toss . Here it is . RT @espnafcnorth Video Terry Bradshaw on Ben Roethlisberger    . For the next four hours ,  from 6 to 10 am ET ,  Mike and Mike are Erik and Adam . As @espnnfcnblog is reporting and has been confirmed ,  Lions and Reggie Bush have reached agreement on 4 year deal . As @ProFootballTalk reported ,  the Colts have hired Ravens defensive coordinator Chuck Pagano as their new head coach . Dolphins DC Vance Joseph scheduled to interview Thurs with 49ers ,  per source . But that's if Denver ,  interviewing ...  Don't need directions to @inthezone ,  @DhaniJones ,  appreciate offer . If you can get back power we haven't had for 13 days ,  would be grateful . Bengals placed LB LB Vontaze Burfict on IR 49ers activated LB NaVorro Bowman off IR . Panthers' C Ryan Kalil was a man four years ahead of his time with this full page ad in the Charlotte Observer ...  After today ,  Adrian Peterson will have played more games in London this season  2  than he has in New Orleans  1  and Arizona  1 .ESPN's Monday Night Countdown ,  on Thursday night ,  kicks off at 7 ET ,  and leads straight up to Ravens Redskins kickoff . Absolute perfect weather day on the East Coast . Beach ,  people ,  beach . Redskins traded 3 1st round draft picks and a 2nd round pick to St . Louis for second overall pick in a trade first reported by @JayGlazer . Cardinals QB Kurt Warner is INactive . I say we throw Michael Vick and Roger Goodell in a room and ,  you know ,  see what happens . Chiefs officially used their franchise tag on WR Dwayne Bowe ,  Raiders officially used theirs on S Tyvon Branch . Injunction denied Ezekiel Elliotts 6 game suspension is back on . Seahawks placed WR Deon Butler ,  CB Roy Lewis ,  and TE Cameron Morrah on PUP ,  meaning they'll miss at least the first six weeks . RT @MikeReiss Sharing some thoughts on the Patriots' reported agreement with free agent DL Damione Lewis . Bengals LB Vontaze Burfict is facing suspension for his hit on Antonio Brown during Saturday night's wild card ...  STL not expected to take Johnny Manziel . Slide continues . What happens with Dallas  ?  RT @mortreport Rams' talks breaking down w McDaniels Rams seek permission to talk to Falcons' Bill Musgrave & Vikings' Darrell Bevell . More RB movement in Seattle . Coincidence or not  ?  NFL 2014 schedule release is on ESPN2 at 8 p.m . ET ,  same time Mark Cuban's Dallas Mavericks tip off Game 2 vs . Spurs . Packers have become coach killers Brad Childress and Wade Phillips both fired the day after their teams played GB . Former Lions' WR Calvin Johnson after wrapping up his football camp today I'm not coming back . You ain't gotta worry about that.Browns and punter Britton Colquitt agree to terms on 4 year deal ,  per source . Twenty teams expected to attend today's workout for Oklahoma St . WR Dez Bryant . Last week ,  Bryant clocked a 4.32 in the 40 yard dash . glamour . Who ever thought ESPN would devote more time to inflation than CNBC  ?  It's official Matt Cassel is active and making his first start as Chiefs QB . Broncos official texted on report Denver had shopped QB Kyle Orton Kyle Orton Has NEVER been available or discussed . Ever  !  Period.According to ESPNs Football Power Index ,  the Bears now have the highest chance to get the top pick in the 2016 NFL Draft at 27%.ESPN's Buster Olney reports Albert Pujols has agreed to a deal with the Angels ,  according to sources . Deal is 10 years ,  250 million . RT @PeteCarroll Just leaving OU ...  Sam bradford had a great workout at his pro day ...  He lit it up  !  Today's NFL Countdown on ESPN has some off the charts work SportScience piece on Dez Bryant and Steve Gleason feature both beyond good ...  . Chiefs HC Andy Reid says RB Jamaal Charles will visit Dr . James Andrews this week to have his knee checked out . NFL says it has suspended Patriots RB LeGarrette Blount for this year's regular season opener .  . I say we put Visanthe Shiancoe and Darren Sharper in a room and ,  you know ,  see what happens . Filed to ESPN Eagles gave DeSean Jackson a five year ,  51 million deal . Brother battle on . RT @ChiefsPR Could we have a battle of Colquitts on Sunday  ?  DEN has signed Britton Colquitt from MIA's practice squad . this should get me the worm   time to start prepping for Sportscenter and Monday Night Countdown . Colts owner Jim Irsay has reached a plea deal in his OWI case ,  per reports out of Indianapolis . RT @NowUknow27 What's the meaning of this  ?   ...  Means league knows it's entering critical stretch and there's plenty to discuss . Good sign . Now a best of five . A primer for week ahead RT @espnnfl On Tuesday ,  NFL's owners and players are scheduled to resume talks . Chargers have agreed to terms with fullback Jacob Hester on a one year contract . Kudos to Chris Mortensen for breaking the big news   Michael Vick signs two year deal with the EAGLES . No school had more players on opening weekend NFL rosters than LSU ,  which produced 40 NFL players . LSU also led league last year with 38.For the 6th time in past 17 months ,  former Cowboys RB Joseph Randle was arrested ...  Some classic quotes ,  insight and knowledge from the late , great Jack LaLanne . Independent investigator Ted Wells now is meeting with Dolphins G Richie Incognito . Let's see the NFL play a game Sunday as entertaining as that classic Michigan Notre Dame game .  . He thinks he is and so do I . RT @TheEMoney @AdamSchefter any word on ty law playin monday  ? Seahawks have officially activated S Kam Chancellor to active roster ,  clearing the way for him to play Sun vs . Chicago ,  per @FieldYates . Colts announced they hired former Browns HC Rob Chudzinski as special assistant to the head coach . Saints WR Willie Snead is active today . From what I'm hearing ,  a verdict in the WR Brandon Marshall trial is expected to come down Friday . Big day for him and the Broncos . Wait until you see the picture placement for the next studio hit ,  @PTI . Patriots havent been two games under .500 since Week 5 of 2001 season ,  when they were 1 3 and Tom Brady was making his 3rd NFL start . #KnowThemFromAdamMichael Vick on advice he gave to Pat Mahomes and who most impressed him at Rookie Premier  . Bears cleaned house on their entire offensive staff ,  dismissing six offensive assistant coaches ,  including OC Ron Turner . Broncos and Knowshon Moreno real close to ending his Knowshow . I think deal tonight . Jets have released Greg McElroy ,  paving way for Matt Simms Towle it ,  via @mortreport . RT @joshism Usually we'll get an early tweet from ya by now . Must be worn out .  ...  Not at all . End coming . As Bart Scott said ,  Can't wait  !  After visiting Jets today ,  WR Sidney Rice is returning to Seattle on a one year deal ,  agreeement reached ,  per source . Packers HC Mike McCarthy announced Jordy Nelson is out for the rest of training camp after undergoing procedure . While waiting for Monday night's game ,  Giants coaches have begun their preparations for next Sunday's game against the Eagles . 49ers TE Vernon Davis is active despite being listed as questionable with an ankle injury . More of whats going on in Houston that will reverbate around the league ,  per @AaronWilsonNFL . QB Kevin Kolb now has as much pressure on him in Philly as Aaron Rodgers did in Green Bay   and is just as equipped to handle it . Tom Izzo staying at Michigan State cannot be construed as a good sign that LeBron James will be staying in Cleveland . RT @bobbyholt  Is Calvin Johnson going to give it a go  ?  &lt  Hearing mixed signals on Calvin ,  despite Schwartz expecting him to go . Browns WR Andrew Hawkins is inactive . Interesting Vikings will pay Favre's 12 million salary in three 4 million installments  one this season ,  second in March ,  third in 2011.And that brings us back to Gholston . If he's going to have any chance   and there are many serious skeptics   he has to work a lot harder . RT @tQ2123 Is that really Wade @sonofbum or an imposter  ?  cuz that's a funny name if it's real  ...  It's real . It's Wade Phillips . Cardinals make it official ,  announce they acquired Adrian Peterson in a trade with Saints for an undisclosed 2018 draft choice . Players returning this week from 4 game suspensions include Greg Hardy ,  Rolando McClain ,  Sheldon Richardson ,  Antonio Gates ,  Martavis Bryant . 49ers' DT Ian Williams underwent ankle surgery after season . Surgery has left Williams questionable to be ready for start of 2016 season . NFL promoted Troy Vincent ,  once a finalist for NFLPA's Exec . Dir . job ,  to senior Vice President ,  one of highest ranking jobs in NFL office . RT @ProFootballTalk First five out of HOF voting  Tim Brown ,  Don Coryell ,  Cris Carter ,  Charles Haley ,  Roger Craig . Saints' RFA TE Josh Hill ,  who visited the Jets last week ,  visited the Bears today ,  per source . Not only is Cardinals RB Andre Ellington out today ,  but with short week ahead ,  Ellington unlikely to go Thursday vs . Vikings ,  per sources . Browns hired Michael Lombardi as their new GM . As reported on ESPN at the top of the hour ,  Jeff Fisher has agreed to coach the Rams . In summer ,  some people go to sleep to the sound of crickets ,  others to the sound of raindrops . I go to sleep to the sound of a generator . RT @pwilson24 Colts C Samson Satele on Luck You watch bro . Hes crazy good . Theres nothing I can teach the man . I mean hes that great.Golf's new Fore  !  T @NormClarke FOUR  !  Tiger's scorecard grows Fourth alleged Tiger mistress comes forward .  Filed to ESPN Jaguars employees were informed today that the team is being sold . For second time in less than a week ,  there will be a conference call at 500 eastern today with plaintiffs in Brady vs . NFL case . Bills rookie FS Jairus Byrd was named a reserve for the AFC squad in the 2010 Pro Bowl . Longest Tenure by Current Head Coaches  Bill Belichick       Patriots     2000 Marvin Lewis      Bengals    2003  . No matter how soon they reach agreement or sign ,  free agents cannot practice until August 4th ,  when the CBA is expected to be ratified . Despite what Rush Limbaugh said ,  George Soros is not a part of the new Dave Checketts group trying to buy the Rams . NFL suspends Cowboys DE Greg Hardy without pay for 10 games . Raiders LT Jared Veldheer's injury is considered a lesser version of what Ray Lewis and Justin Smith dealt with last year . Jets announced they signed former Raiders WR Jacoby Ford . The Chargers signed delb Antwan Barnes . See how easy it is to get a little shout out  !    RT @PFord @AdamSchefter great book..reading it on Kindle for IPhone . Brilliant RT @schlerethgirl Lebron shouldve made this a reality show  The Bachelor Lebron . Each week 1 team doesn't get a rose ,  goes home . Broncos on Tuesday were assigned running back Kolby Smith off waivers from Kansas City . Top 10 NFL moments from 2009  . RT @HeartbreakBake Ndamukong Suh Clear front runner for DEF ROY  ?  What about Joe Haden  ?  Is he in running  ?   ...  In there . But Suh will win . Pat Bowlen's family will be attending Super Bowl 50 ,  but the Broncos' owner will not ,  per team officials . Bowlen is battling Alzheimers . Andrew Luck ruled out again for Monday night vs Titans . Packers announced they have signed WR James Jones and released WR Myles White . Court has broken ,  settlement talks continuing on litigation and negotiation . Judge said he has not made up his mind which side will prevail . Now Giants officially have signed former Seahawks CB Walter Thurmond to a one year ,  3.5M deal . Chad Henne back pedals quick on Tim Tebow comments . More on Cowboys owner Jerry Jones impeding Roger Goodell's contract negotiations . Disconcerting Former Texas A & M standout and Cardinals rookie WR Ryan Swope has yet to practice due to symptoms ...  Chargers' WR Keenan Allen underwent a kidney procedure  not a surgery  and could be out for season ,  per league sources . 2015 uncertain . RT @calvinwatkins LB Ernie Sims signed a 1 year contract with the Cowboys . Stephen Jones said Cowboys have five figures in salary cap room . Though Cleveland may be interested ,  Titans DC Ray Horton continues talking with Tennessee about staying . Horton ...  49ers GM John Lynch likes that . Bears announced they signed 5 time Pro Bowl safety Adrian Wilson . NFL regular season kicks off 100 days from today ... 49ers LB Aldon Smith ,  facing a significant suspension ,  is scheduled to meet with Roger Goodell in NY next Friday ,  Aug . 8 ,  per NFL source . RT @caplannfl G Brandon Thomas  Clemson  ,  who is rated as one of the top interior OLs for this year's draft ,  suffered a torn ACL last week . Browns DE Myles Garrett ,  listed as questionable with ankle injury ,  is not expected to play today vs Bengals ,  per source . Debut awaits . Now official Chargers and former Bills interim HC agree on a 4 year contract ,  per source . In 24 hours ,  Chargers have new HC and new city . Excuse me . Jeff Van Gundy said Ted Wells is trying to assassinate Tom Brady's character . Basically called the Wells' report garbage.Statement from the Reid family On behalf of Tammy and our family ,  I would like to thank everybody for their tremend  . Back to back Raiders free agent RB Michael Bush and Pats RB  BenJarvus Green Ellis visiting the Bengals . RT @ak4ty7even @AdamSchefter how many times are people gonna ask you about the crabtree situation  ?  Damn people  !  Don't want to oversell today's info from @mortreport and I ,  but tuning into ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown is recommended . It was bad enough when I lost Twitter this summer . Now I've lost cell phone and bberry service since 9 am   this is giving me the shakes . Cleveland does have a potential QB ...  Raiders received permission today to interview both Broncos coordinators ,  DC Dennis Allen and OC Mike McCoy ,  for their HC vacancy . Dallas waived QB Kellen Moore . Shouldn't be allowed to do this but will Watch Beckham become coach of England in 2014. And please hold off any insults till then . A link to Mort's very significant story .  RT @jarradtauzin if Gary Kubiak is fired ,  is there a chance he works for Shanahan next year  ?   ...  I'd guess Kubiak's safe for now . RT@mortreport Dr . Jack Ramsay died in his sleep at 89 ,  according to family ,  via @MikeAndMike . Sad news . Great coach . Greater man . RIP . Mark Sanchez's long ,  46 yard strike to David Clowney further reinforced fans' feelings . Before NFLPA makes recommendation about what discipline for player bounties ,  it wants to see more evidence than NFL has supplied so far . Dolphins QB Chad Henne on Tim Tebow My judgement is that he's not an NFL quarterback. Henne's QB coach David Lee coached Tebow at Sr Bowl . The Men . RT @bhofheimerespn bus drivers for ESPN's @AdamSchefter & @mortreport get kudos in SI media power rankings  . RT @MrMichaelSmith Terry Bradshaw on Ben Our relationship is not any good .  ...  He doesn't like me and I'm learning not to like him.Russell Wilson attended Peyton Manning's passing camp as a high school sophomore ...  Broadcasting icon Brent Musburger to end play by play duties Jan . 31Via @mortreport Utah DT Star Lotulelei will not be allowed to work out at Combine because an echocardiogram discovered a heart condition . RT @espnafcnorth S Ed ReedLB Brendon Ayanbadejo have been activated Saturday . LB Edgar Jones was released ,  OT Jared Gaither put on IR . Arizona traded second  ,  fourth  and sixth round picks to Chicago to move up for defense . Bears recoup some picks . No practice today for Broncos WR Emmanuel Sanders ,  TE Julius Thomas ,  RB Montee Ball . Corrected Attempted trip ... Mike Tomlin attempted to trip Jacoby Jones ,  who now will be Steelers' new returner . With today's franchise tag ,  Rams CB Trumaine Johnson is now scheduled to be NFL's highest paid CB at 16 million . Bengals TE Tyler Eifert expected to miss multiple weeks while recovering from back injury ,  per source . No back surgery needed at this time . Dolphins tagging Randy Starks means OT Jake Long ,  CB Sean Smith and WR Brian Hartline are free to leave Miami . So now the Raiders will line up Mike Jenkins and Tracy Porter at cornerback ... and now ,  back to some kind of great basketball game . Eric Reid Why Colin Kaepernick and I Decided to Take a Knee via @NYTimes  . Chargers ,  Jets and Buccaneers amongst the teams calling Packers ,  interesting in trading up for top pick in second round ,  per source . All anyone can ask for in any field is a great run . @Espngreeny and @espngolic have had one   and then some . Congratulations on 15 years . Panthers announced they're signing former Bears CB Charles Peanut Tillman to a one year deal . An official Broncos welcome . RT @TimTebow Welcome to Denver Coach Fox  !  Can't wait to get to work with you  !  RT @ezduzitBOSS So what does the fitz deal do to the titans and chris johnson wanting playmaker money  ?   ...  You don't want to know . Ordering pizza to hotel room takes me back to Greeley ,  CO. ,  where I'd regularly order pizza to training camp dorm room . Ravens announced they acquired center A.Q . Shipley from the Colts in exchange for a conditional 2014 draft pick . QB Jimmy Clausen has been waived by the Bears . After signing RB LaDainian Tomlinson ,  Jets reached agreement with free agent FB Tony Richardson ,  a good move on and off the field . WR Derek Hagen is signing a 1 year deal with the N.Y . Giants today . NFL on Zeke  . Still don't know if he'll play but RT @RachelNichols Ward says I'm going to give it a shot and see what happens . There is no tomorrow.Owen Daniels is inactive . Redskins announced they have exercised their fifth year option on the contract of linebacker Ryan Kerrigan . Falcons gave former Chiefs' DT Dontari Poe a one year ,  8 million deal that could increase to 10M with incentives ,  per source . So now Chargers have added CBs Brandon Flowers and Jason Verrett . Upgrades for secondary . Man with Flowers news first was @MikeGarafolo . Chiefs will trade second round pick this year   the top pick in second round   as well as another conditional mid round pick in 2014.Eagles trade 155th pick to Tennessee for 164th pick and 214th pick . Former Rams G Richie Incognito has reached agreement on a one year deal with the Dolphins . New uniforms ...  Not that it's any surprise ,  but it is now official . Broncos announced Trevor Siemian is their starting QB . present him for enshrinement in the Pro Football Hall of Fame in Aug . And we're off Former Falcons cornerback Dunta Robinson reached agreement Friday night on a three year deal with the Kansas City Chiefs . At 28 years ,  195 days ,  Brandon Weeden is the oldest player to be drafted in the Common Draft era via Elias . The Falcons' connection ,  QB Matt Ryan and WR Roddy White ,  connected again on our bus Sunday . Jets and Giants both will play at home in their new Meadowlands Stadium on the opening weekend of the 2010 regular season . RT @mortreport Chip Kelly is the new coach of the Philadelphia Eagles ,  according to league sources . No announcement yet . Peyton Manning is in Charlotte ,  consulting with noted orthopedic foot specialist ,  Dr . Robert Anderson . Browns are giving Joel Bitonio a 5 year ,  51 million extension that includes 23 million guaranteed ,  per sources . Colts QB Andrew Luck got his max slot ,  fully guaranteed .  No off set language . Former Bengals RB Cedric Benson officially signed a one year deal with the Green Bay Packers . Filed to ESPN Jets traded Leon Washington to Seattle . #nfldraft . Lines for gas are a mile long . Roads are impassable . Hundreds of thousands without power . And there are many in far more dire situations . And the signings keep coming . RT @ProFootballTalk Giants sign first round pick ,  RB David Wilson . FWIW Herschel Walker traded to Vikings involved 18 players and picks . Carmelo Anthony to Knicks involved 15 players and picks . Giants holding WR Odell Beckham out of Saturday's preseason game vs . Colts team expects him to make his NFL debut in preseason week 3.More pressure to do deal soon U.S . District Judge Arthur Boylen ,  the mediator in labor talks ,  is scheduled to go on vacation Saturday . him . Dallas tried out former Raiders starting guard Paul McQuistan ,  whom Oakland cut this week . Rams and Titans agreed to trade at 930 pm ET Wednesday and withheld announcement so nothing would detract from Kobe Bryant's last NBA game . Texans signed Matt Schaub to a 4 year ,  62 million extension that includes 30 million in guaranteed money ,  as Houston's FOX 26 reported . And I'm sure many of those are not interested . But they haven't ,  to my knowledge ,  come out and said no yet . hi . Former Broncos and current Texans QB Brock Osweiler will not attend Mondays trip to White House ,  per sources Houston has an OTA on Monday . Some serious inflation in 1993 ,  NFL fined Bryan Cox 10,000   and reduced it to 3,000 on appeal   for giving double bird to Bills fans . Another view RT @OracleMikeA Adam . He gets hurt every pre season . Doesn't like training camp and he will be fine for the regular season . Well then ...  Former Bills and Jaguars quarterback Trent Edwards reached agreement with  Oakland on a one year deal to back up Jason Campbell . Only play like that was Joe Pisarcik fumbling ,  Herm Edwards recovering and Giants firing their coach over it . A glimpse at what's ahead with the key April 6 hearing in Minneapolis ,  along with the NLRB claim . Jets are working out former Colts WR Austin Collie today ,  per team source . Collie also has worked out for Pats and Niners . And yet ...  RT @damienwoody The price is never too high if you get your franchise QB ... ask the Giants . #RG3 . This is big time Jay Pharoah imitated ESPN analyst Stephen A . Smith on Saturday Night Live . As part of the skit ,  ...  #KnowThemFromAdamRotoworlds fantasy maven @evansilva with NFL tips ,  ESPNs NFL researcher @EpKap with NFL facts.Jim Kelly joins @MikeAndMike at 810 am ET today ,  the 10th annual ESPY Day auction benefitting @TheVFoundation for cancer . Please donate . Larry Hardesty from ESPN NY 1050 reports former Jets nose tackle Kris Jenkins soon will announce his retirement . Broncos were 6 0 ,  Giants were 5 0 ,  and at least one and maybe both will not make the playoffs . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell will be speaking publicly this afternoon . Don't want to burst Mark Sanchez's bubble today but ,  before they asked him to pose for GQ ,  they asked me . I was busy with Good Housekeeping . Buccaneers announced that they have hired Jon Embree ,  the former HC at Colorado ,  as their tight ends coach . Bills RB CJ Spiller injured his thigh Sunday ,  not his knee injury not considered serious and he is expected to play Sunday vs . Ravens . Seahawks S Kam Chancellor is now likely to land on IR with a neck injury ,  as @MikeGarafolo reported . Seahawks down  . Raiders have placed WR Rod Streater on the ReserveInjured  Designated for Return list . Alabama QB AJ McCarron is conducting a private workout today for the Cleveland Browns . At risk of sounding like a GM ,  best players available . Sepp Blatter has resigned ... RT @mortreport In the house for Arkansas Bama ...  ex Hog Jerry Jones and his VPMarketing Greg McElroy Sr ...  yes ,  Greg''s Dad . From SalPal NJ Gov . Christie visited Joe Flacco last night here at Ravens hotel both U of Del grads ,  both NJ residents . Buccaneers signed starting RT Demar Dotson to a three year contract extension ,  per league source . #KnowThemFromAdam ,  22117Jimmy Garoppolo discussed idea of potentially moving on from New England ...  Spoiler alert Hard Knocks star and Buccaneers LB Riley Bullough being released in Tampa ,  per source . RT @oldmangress Have you heard what Texans plan to do with Mario Williams  ?   ...  Will try to re sign him before free agency . Won't be easy . interested . Bears already have reached agreement with six of their eight 2014 draft picks . Whole draft class will be wrapped up sooner than later . Props . Friday 10 Spot early Saturday Jimmy Graham and Rob Gronkowski lead the TE Class of 2010. The 6 players in today's supplemental draft Mel Kiper Jr . and @McShay didn't nail one in their supplemental mocks . Bengals claimed HB Cedric Peerman on waivers from the Detroit Lions . No Vick signing expected today . Friday through Monday now on radar . Up to date information on Patriots TE Aaron Hernandez  and there will be more to come . Carolina free agent WR Brandon LaFell is visiting today with the New England Patriots ,  per source . Joe Mixon is a Bengal . Cleveland waived tight end Martin Rucker and claimed tight end Greg Estandia on waivers from Jacksonville . A transcript of the NFL chat we just wrapped up at ESPN.com . Boy ,  was Marshawn Lynch a hot topic . Despite limping off field in practice ,  Dolphins RB Lamar Miller is fine . Carry on . How bout Kyle Orton  ?  Comes out and looks strong ,  throwing TD pass to Brandon Stokely  let's see if Schefter jinx now in effect tonight .Bucs starting RB Peyton Barber tonight vs Falcons . Rex on Kerry Rhodes future This one I don't really want to talk about much ,  because there's an individual thing Kerry and I talked about.Filed to ESPN The NFL suspended SD Pro Bowl WR Vincent Jackson three games for violating the league's personal conduct policy . More on Denver's plans for its No . 2 quarterback ,  Tim Tebow . NFLPA Exec Dir De Smith addressing agents now . An agent in room texted Not close on one single issue . This WILL go into September.Key word here yet.Deal in place getting done ,  soon . Only language remains.Announcement still could be this week  . Giants WR Victor Cruz underwent season ending patellar tendon surgery this afternoon . Jaguars announced HC Mike Mularkey was hospitalized ,  but should be OK . Some think he's staying . RT @USCAthletics USC junior QB Matt Barkley will hold a press conference this afternoon to announce his decision . Once it is signed ,  Browns figure to match Jacksonville's five year offer sheet to C Alex Mack in no time at all ,  per source . Jay Cutler is out Monday night . NFL is suspending Chiefs CB Sean Smith 3 games after he pled guilty last month for DUI and received two years probation ,  per NFL source . Super Bowl LI to Houston ,  officially . Wednesday night MRI revealed Broncos' RB CJ Anderson did not tear his ACL ,  per source . Team expected to update his status today . After four games this season ,  Steve Smith has as many multi TD games with Joe Flacco as he had in three years with Cam Newton . Former Packers QB Matt Flynn reached agreement on 1 yr deal with New England Patriots ,  as @diannaESPN reported . Brady suspension insurance . Jacksonville takes a Michigan Man ,  Denard Robinson ,  who was announced as a running back . Jaguars re signed DT Montavious Stanley ,  who was scheduled to become a restricted free agent . And with two more losses ,  SF could clinch No . 1 overall pick . Player reps emailed a letter to players saying ,  We will meet again Monday to discuss our options and the direction we want to go.Cardinals vs Rams tonight Cardinals have lost 11 consecutive Thursday games dating back to 1950 ,  the longest streak in NFL history  ELIAS .On ESPN's NFL Insiders ,  Urban Meyer just called OSU WR Mike Thomas the most competitive player I've ever had.Vince Wilfork's new deal with Patriots really is a one year ,  8M deal that includes 3M guaranteed and deal has an option for 2 more years . NFL statement on today's ruling We strongly believe that the investigation and evidence supported the ...  Peter would know ...  RT @SIPeterKing Gut feeling is Scott Pioli ,  out in KC ,  will not work for an NFL team this year . This is how bad the conditions in New York now are ...  TE Alex Smith signed a 1 year deal with the Browns today . In May ,  NFL owners will discuss whether to amend the modified OT proposal to also include the regular season for 2010.RT @GregGadbois Do you believe that the  Jets will move on from Sanchez  ?   ...  Don't see it . Rocky time in relationship . But it'll endure . Bears announced WR Kevin White will remain on reservephysically unable to perform list for remainder of the season . Arbitrator Stephen Burbank expects to inform sides of his ruling on Jimmy Grahams grievance vs Saints on July 3 ,  no sooner ,  no later.Very good back ,  but very good is not Hall of Fame . RT @JimmyCrawford @AdamSchefter is Jamal Lewis Hall of Fame material  ?  With Major Wright's signing today ,  Bears are first team in league history to have all draft picks signed prior to end of May . Mike Shanahan finally meets with the Bills   some of the details here  . Browns amended contract of OT Joe Thomas this week ,  making him the highest paid offensive lineman in the NFL in 2018 ,  per @FieldYates . Both Mannings ,  Peyton and Eli ,  now have lost their starting LTs for into ,  if not for ,  the season . Ryan Clady torn ACL ,  Will Beatty torn pec . Steelers downgraded wide receiver Hines Ward and linebacker James Farrior from question to out . Neither will play today vs . New England . Don't be surprised if AZ and MIA have at least some level of interest in Chiefs OT Branden Albert ,  who's not expected to return to KC . More details on Moss . RT @espn New England Patriots' Randy Moss parts ways with longtime agent    . As one Falcons official texted this am on LB Brian Banks The kid will get a second chance that he deserves.Saints are signing former Washington kicker Kai Forbath ,  per sources . Cowboys playing 8th win or go home game in Week 17 or playoffs with Tony Romo as starting QB . They're 1 6 in past 7 games ,  0 3 in week 17.Da Coach is Da Man RT @ProFootballTalk Mike Ditka on a lockout I just can't believe anybody is that stupid.Cardinals' free agent LB Kevin Minter ,  who's visiting Indianapolis today ,  is scheduled to visit Cincinnati on Wednesday . Ravens WR Jeremy Maclin ,  listed as questionable with a shoulder injury ,  is a pre game decision today based on an exam ,  per source . Odds you would have expected to read these two sentences just last monthAnthony Lynn is HC of LA Chargers.Sean McVay is HC of LA Rams . Falcons WR Julio Jones is scheduled to meet in next week with Dr . Anderson in Charlotte to determine if he needs to remove bunion on foot . Jets GM Mike Maccagnan is strongly considering adding former Jaguars GM Gene Smith to his front office ,  per sources . The two men are close . Actual caller just now on Sirius Patriots are being punished here because they drafted Aaron Hernandez. OK then . Seahawks' safety Kam Chancellor is planning to return to Seattle today ,  per @Stephenasmith and me . So it's former Jets James Ihedigbo ,  Shaun Ellis and Danny Woodhead all reunited in New England . Christmas in late April . Jacksonville would love Jack Del Rio to go to USC ,  he'd love to be there . The question is ,  does USC want him the way it is being reported . As @MarkMaske reported ,  Federal mediator George Cohen invited NFL and NFLPA to meet and to try to help broker deal . First meeting Friday . Cardale Jones to Buffalo in round 4.Cowboys and CB Orlando Scandrick reach agreement on new deal ,  per source . Nothing like the adrenalin and anticipation of a Sunday morning . Stat of day . RT @SandoESPN Last season ,  Ravens allowed their 7th TD pass of season in Week 10 game against the Raiders . This year ,  Week 1.Ravens hired former Vikings head coach Leslie Frazier as teams secondary coach . To honor my friend Chris Berman ,  football's back back back . There's a game tonight ,  and will be at least one each Sunday into February . Browns are trading the sixth overall pick from the 2013 draft ,  LB Barkevious Mingo ,  to the New England Patriots ,  per source . The four players who advanced to the semi finals of the Madden 13 Cover Vote are Aaron Rodgers ,  Patrick Willis ,  Cam Newton ,  Calvin Johnson . RT @kirbymurra What about Shonn Greene to Green Bay  ?   ...  I ask you What about Shonn Greene to Tennessee  ?  Drew Brees continues to be honored . He will be the speaker at Loyola Universitys Unified Commencement on May 8 in the Superdome . During Don Shula's 26 seasons as Miami's HC ,  Dolphins had just 2 losing seasons . Since his retirement after 1995 season ,  they have had 6.Chiefs scheduled to interview Packers OC Joe Philbin tonight ,  according to GB source . Chiefs already have had several interviews for HC . Rough pecking order of Giant WRs Steve Smith ,  Domenik Hixon ,  Mario Manningham ,  Hakeem Nicks ,  Sinorice Moss . But Ramses Barden makes team . Redskins also released also released LB Alvin Bowen ,  DL Antoine Holmes ,  CB Marcus McCauley and TE Sean Ryan . RT @Baugher769 t.o . or randy moss on a NFL team first  ?   ...  Don't expect to see either this season . RT @espn UVA men's lacrosse player George Huguely charged in slaying of women's player Yeardley Love    . Bills will hold a press conference at approximately  noon today in the Bills Media Room in Orchard Park ,  NY . Hello ,  Doug Marrone . Uh oh ...  RT @tunasweasel Take that @AdamSchefter  RT @JimBrownNFL32 I expect a dominant showing from my team and school tonight . Jets planning to hire Saints WR coach John Morton as their OC ,  per league sources . Deal expected to be finalized soon . Friends @usafootball honor 26 NFL players on the 3rd annual All Fundamentals Team   . NFL did right thing with Plaxico Burress . No need to pile on . Man was punished more than enough . Steelers' Le'Veon Bell pushing for positionless ,  not RB ,  pay . RT @realestninerfan what about dashon goldson  ?   ...  Don't expect him back in San Francisco . Goldson's going to be gone . Marcus Mariota officially starting tonight vs . Colts . Martellus Bennett told reporters the 20 pounds he gained this winter was muscle . I'm looking like Atlas ,  he said ,  not Professor Klump.Browns ruled out Jamie Collins  concussion  for Sunday vs Bengals and are calling No . 1 overall pick Myles Garrett questionable . Bengals will come back for an OL at No . 27. Book it . First fantasy draft lottery complete . My team ,  U MAD ,  BERRY ?  in OGBA league ,  landed No . 1 pick . Who's No . 1 ? Panthers Charles Tillman shares life lessons in new childrens book with @seankjensen.Former Broncos kicker Matt Prater and former Cardinals kicker Jay Feely both scheduled to work out for Lions on Tuesday . Seahawks used 2nd round pick on WR Paul Richardson and 4th rd pick on Kevin Norwood . Time to see some of them . RT @jemelehill Before I forget ,  I want to commend and congratulate @saltersl for being Monday Night Football's new sideline reporter . Eagles announcement The Philadelphia Eagles are sad to announce that Garrett Reid ,  the oldest son of head coach Andy   . Head coaching candidates already on the Jaguars radar include Falcons OC Mike Mularkey and former Packers HC Mike Sherman . Elvis Dumervil contract snafu accelerates 3.25 million in salary cap room . Players now returning from 4 game suspensions Jets' Mike Goodson ,  Jags' Justin Blackmon ,  Redskins' Jarvis Jenkins ,  Seahawks' Bruce Irvin . Miami Dade prosecutors not bringing charges against Colin Kaepernick ,  2 other players in hotel incident involving woman . As Seahawks CB Richard Sherman tweeted ,  he has won his appeal and avoided a four game suspension . Huge news for Seattle . Mets win ,  and I'm done with baseball till October . Rams have signed wide receiver Danny Amendola and waived wide receiver Derek Stanley . So which look suits Peyton Manning best  ?  On Rob Gronkowski's surgery ,  doctors believe the forearm infection is gone ,  per source . They put the new plates in . Good news for Gronk . NFL rejected written affidavits from James Harrison ,  Clay Matthews ,  Julius Peppers demands to interview them at training camp ,  per source . Cardinals TE John Carlson announced his retirement today . At a football camp at Kean Unviversity in Union ,  NJ on Wednesday ,  Eli Manning said he believes the Giants definitely are playoff bound . And now this  . Seattle claimed former Packers guard Evan Deietrich Smith on waivers along with former Dolphins defensive back Nate Ness . Bucs promoted TE Ryan Purvis from practice squad to active roster and placed RB Earnest Graham  toe  and DE Jimmy Wilkerson  knee  on IR . Ravens WR Breshad Perriman suffered a partially torn ACL in his left knee ,  per @jamisonhensley and me . Needs second opinion for surgery . Giants RB Brandon Jacobs is unhappy in NY   no secret . But he has not requested a trade at this time ,  nor is NY willing to deal him . Vikings releaesed RB Stevan Ridley to activate WR Michael Floyd . Traffic in DC area rivals traffic around NYC . Let's go  !  I got tweets to respond to tonight  !  RT @CezarEnrique Why cant the cowboys go get a premier safety  ?   ...  What's wrong with Abe Elam  ?  Fortunately for Cowboys ,  WR Roy Williams didn't break his collarbone . X rays negative . Too early to say how much ,  if any ,  time he'll miss . sitting . And no roster moves will be permitted during the deadline extension to next Friday at 5 pm . Extension only to try to negotiate a new CBA . Newest twist Broncos now exploring a contract extension for WR Brandon Marshall . Instead of dealing him ,  could make a deal with him . Chiefs say it is a mutual parting of ways with Scott Pioli . This allows him to pursue other opportunities with lots of gigs out there . Jags asked for and received permission to interview Jets OC Brian Schottenheimer for their vacant head coaching job . Former Ravens' WR Anquan Boldin ,  who worked with Lions' HC Jim Caldwell in Baltimore ,  is visiting Detroit today ,  per sources . Washington adding another vet to D line Redskins will sign former Broncos ,  Dolphins ,  Chiefs and Packers DE Vonnie Holliday today . Julian Edelman is comparing Jimmy Garoppolo to Brett Favre and Aaron Rodgers . Former Lions DT C.J . Mosley reached agreement on a 1 year deal with Dolphins ,  per source . Mosley reuniting with Ndamukong Suh in Miami . Add Bengals to list of teams interested in Kevin Kolb . Connect dots Bengals WR coach is James Urban ,  who was Eagles QB coach last year . Former Cardinals DC Ray Horton expected to become Browns new DC . And as @MikeSilver reported ,  Todd Bowles expected to become DC in Arizona . Bears have fired HC Phil Emery . Friday 10 Spot Effects of Buffalo ,  Jacksonville and Kansas City bypassing Seahawks QB Russell Wilson . Most significant aspect of compensatory picks . RT @EricEdholm Texans will have the final pick in the 2011 NFL draft ,  aka Mr . Irrelevant . Dolphins are signing former Texans QB TJ Yates ,  per source . LB James Harrison scheduled to meet Tuesday with Steelers coaches . Assuming it goes well ,  he signs with PITT . Eagles positioned to wheel and deal on draft day They have 10 picks 1st ,  2nd ,  two 3rds ,  two 4ths ,  5th ,  6th and two 7ths . Vikings officially placed RB Adrian Peterson on injured reserve and signed former Georgia RB Caleb King to take his roster spot . However ,  there still is no timetable for Peyton Manning to return to practice ,  despite encouraging x rays and CT scan . Buffalo Bills today announced that RB Fred Jackson has signed a contract extension with the team . When Jacksonville used the 70th pick on Cal punter Bryan Anger ,  he became the 1st punter to go in top 100 picks since   . Ravens QB Jimmy Clausen will start today vs . Seattle ,  per source . Question is whether Matt Schaub will be   OK to be No . 2 uncertain . A look at a different kind of training camp ,  the high school kids enduring their own challenges . Nothing stronger than the human spirit . Watch the trailer for @GleasonMovie ,  which opens in select theaters July 29.Dolphins players cover costs for Miami Central HS to return from Las Vegas ...  Now hearing from a Broncos contact that the deal for RB Knowshon Moreno is expected to get done this evening . Holdout thisclose to ending . RT @1AmbitiousDude Texans put a thumping on the Colts in Week 1 ,  is that a sign of things to come  ?   ...  Texans finally win the AFC South . Until this week ,  Drew Brees never has missed a start with the Saints due to injury . Sweetest tweet of day . By far . Doctors Jim Kelly now has no evidence of cancer . At team meeting Weds ,  Gary Kubiak told Texans that Matt Schaub is struggling but deserves chance to fight his way out of slump and keep job . 49ers working out former Saints' and Bills' safety Jairus Byrd today ,  along with a group of defensive backs ,  per sources . Former Broncos' S TJ Ward reached agreement with Tampa Bay Buccaneers  on a 1 year deal worth up to 5 million ,  per source . New York's last Super Bowl hero joined Twitter today . Please welcome Mr . Helmet Catch himself ,  @DTyree85.Colts announced that TE Dallas Clark's season is over . Clark to injured reserve . Well that didn't take long . Colts plan to sign former Titans QB Matthew Hasselbeck ,  who was released today ,  on Tuesday . With the win ,  the 8 4 Eagles now get 10 days to rest up and prepare for the Sunday night Dec . 12 game in Dallas against the Cowboys . Steelers WR Mike Wallace was not franchised ,  meaning he will receive first round tender and another team can sign him to offer sheet . RT @MikeReiss As 1st reported by Ian Rapoport of Boston Herald ,  Pats to host free agent WR T.J . Houshmandzadeh for workout tomorrow . Notable inactives OT Jeremy Trueblood ,  DE Carlos Dunlap ,  RB Bernard Scott ,  LB Keith Rivers ,  rB Shane Vereen . In speaking with @jocktodoc ,  he believes Bengals QB Andy Dalton is out a minimum of four weeks ,  with six weeks more likely . Cardinals running back Beanie Wells is expected to play today vs . Baltimore . Rick Telander on the Bears trading Orton and signing Cutler Theres no way they couldve locked up the wrong quarterback . Is there ? RT @RossHollebon Chuck Pagano ,  Bruce Arians and Keith Butler were all on Butch Davis' original staff in Cleveland together in 2001.Jabril Peppers practiced all week ,  planned on playing ,  tweaked hamstring at practice yesterday . Injury not major but not enough time to heal . RT @JRMoehringer Lede of the week ,  authored by my friend Sam Borden Giants Deal With Loss Assistants Mustache  . AJ Green and wife Miranda welcomed their first child ,  Easton Ace Green ,  on Wednesday . Parents and Bengals pleased Green won't miss a game . Former Bills' first round pick JP Losman is taking a coaching internship this season with Clemson HC Dabo Swinney . The full Super Bowl 50 officiating crew  . Former Panthers HC John Fox will interview for the Broncos HC job on Monday . Browns WR Josh Gordon released from rehab facility ,  per sources . RT Fines go to ...  RT @gregaiello To support retired player programs & charities supporting youth ,  education & sports medical research . Cardinals are so impressed with RB Chris Johnson ,  they had discussions with him this week about a contract extension . No deal imminent . Colts gave TE Jack Doyle the low tender for restricted free agent ,  so no draft pick compensation if he gets offer sheet from another team . Cincinnati loves its former Cowboys ,  and it had former Dallas S Patrick Watkins in for a visit this week . Jets are going back to QB Ryan Fitzpatrick as their starter . DeSean Jackson's decision to wear cleats with yellow ribbon stating caution will be subject to review ,  per NFL . A fine possible . Bears asked for and received permission to interview Texans OC Rick Dennison for HC job . Dennison worked with Cutler and Marshall in Denver . The Man who made The Catch in Jacksonville yesterday ,  @MikeThomasJAX ,  is in Bristol today . The world champs are back to work two weeks from today . Steelers report July 31.Rookie free agent RB Noel Devine agrees to contract with Eagles . Trade termsBrowns get WR Sammie Coates and 7th rd pick in 2019 NFL Draft.Steelers get 6th round pick in 2018 Draft . Change that   49ers RB Frank Gore is done for the season with his hip injury . BIG loss . Bouye to Jags . Done . Chiefs RB Jamaal Charles is expected to make his debut in week 3 against the Jets ,  per source . Pennsylvania attorney general's office now is reviewing a fight allegedly involving Bills' RB LeSean McCoy and two off duty police officers . So that takes care of that . RT @MikeKlis Willis McGahee passes physical . He's a Bronco . 4 yrs ,  roughly 9.5 million . Sources tell @Edwerderespn that league punishment is coming for DT Josh Brent ,  whom Dallas is interested in once he's reinstated . Redskins released running backs Anthony Alridge and P.J . Hill ,  wide receivers Marko Mitchell and James Robinson ,  and DL Anthony Montgomery . Easily . As temperatures drop and another storm approaches ,  flashlights are shining on the incompetence of @LIPAnews . Still 200,000 without power . For second straight year ,  Broncos drafted a QB ,  this year Miami Ohio's Zac Dysert in round 7.Raiders HC Tom Cable and Al Davis not expected to meet today ,  either . Typical Raiders mystery . Meeting could come as early as Wednesday . RT @engeljen Happy BDay DrSeuss & remember unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot ,  Nothing is going to get better . It's not.RT @jrDOTperiod How you rate the Colts' draft picks  ?   ...  You get the best QB prospect since Peyton Manning ,  how could it not be great  ?  RT @AlexCohenPSU How much do you make in royalties every time The Longest Yard is on TV  ?   ...  No clue . Just keep the 12 checks coming . Chargers RB Melvin Gordon ,  listed as questionable with a knee injury ,  will play Sunday vs Eagles ,  per source . Reason why Dallas has saved its season   Austin Power . Lions RB Kevin Smith comes off the street and steps into a starring role . Good for him . As of this morning ,  Perry Fewell was planning to accept Giants DC job . Giants haven't heard from him yet ,  so until they do ,  not official . DeAndre Hopkins' new deal with Houston 5 years ,  81 million ,  including 49 million guaranteed ,  per source . Hines Ward taking his fellow Steelers WRs to dinner tonight . Mike Wallace vowed to do his best to run up Ward's bill . Giants' WR Brandon Marshall not ready to retire yet ,  adding ,  I don't want to go out like that. ...  Mr . Hoops ,  @WindhorstESPN ,  tweeted this right after the National Championship game ...  49ers HC Mike Singletary said TE Vernon Davis injured his knee and will undergo an MRI today . Eagles RG Brandon Brooks was hospitalized earlier today with an illness and will be inactive for tonight's game . So Minnesota's RBs today will be Matt Asiata and Joe Banyard ,  signed off practice squad Saturday . Here's a thought after watching Vince Young Maybe the Browns should put Bud Adams on short list of candidates for their GM job . On this weeks podcast ,  ask your football and non football questions using #AskAdam . Please tweet them to us . Then  . Actives WR Vincent Jackson ,  RB Reggie Bush . Inactives TE Dallas Clark ,  LB Elvis Dumervil ,  RBs Rashad Jennings and Darren McFadden . Domestic abuse charges against Panthers DE Greg Hardy dismissed.Seahawks waived TE Kellen Winslow ,  per league source . Just hope that @RealJeffLee cleans up his spelling and grammar before delivering his blow . Bears' George McCaskey We thank Brian for all he has given . He will always be a part of the Bears family . We wish him the very best.Tom Brady can't shake it During Deflategate ,  defended by attorney Jeff Kessler first game post Deflategate against Browns QB Cody Kessler . The 25,000 fine on Ray Lewis was for two acts   kicking an opponent in 4th quarter and then on a seperate play ,  hitting a defenseless WR . Chargers WR Vincent Jackson's settlement is done . He can play after four games if traded . If not ,  he'll be out for six games . From @mortreport Browns will be firing HC Rob Chudzinski ,  per league sources . HC search begins again . QB Colin Kaepernick officially is opting out of his contract today ,  per sources . Shaking in big D Calvin Watkins of ESPN.com reporting   and it is confirmed   that Cowboys are releasing OT Flozell Adams . Broncos Ryan Fitzpatrick had initial conversation ,  price more than Denver wants to spend at this time ,  and they could revisit talks later . RT @mortreport Audibles right now on ESPN with Keyshawn ,  Steve Young ,  Trent Dilfer & Herm Edwards   social interaction live show #audibles . Bad news for SF ,  good for SD today Teams that have played Seahawks the past eight games are 0 8 the following week . Even though he killed my fantasy team Sunday ,  I'm doing as told . RT @RyanGrant25 Taking me too long to get to 25k followers . Need shout out . Colts have informed wide receiver Austin Collie that his contract will not be renewed . Best point made all day . RT @prosb4hos @adamschefter Trade deadline day is about as exciting as the supplemental draft . 49ers HC Jim Harbaugh sat on Indiana's bench last night for game vs . NC Central . Hoosiers HC Tom Crean is Harbaughs brother in law . Looking at the NFL schedule ,  hard not to think this the night is still young . Better . Agent Don Yee weighs in on events at Northwestern  . Aaron Rodgers ,  and Browns losing streak ,  lives . After missing past six games with shoulder injury ,  Colts WR Donte Moncrief returning to practice this week . Vikings traded up to Ravens' spot at No . 29 ,  plan to take ND safety Harrison Smith . Jonathan Vilma's attorney Peter Ginsberg on NFL releasing a statement today on Appeal Panel's decision last week It   . Cardinals RB Andre Ellington ,  listed as questionable with foot injury ,  is expected to play ,  per source . For fourth straight year ,  NFL now has 7 HC openings . There were 7 after 2012 season ,  2013 season ,  2014 season and now ,  7 after 2015 season . Despite a recent meeting between Marcus McNeill and AJ Smith ,  it would be surpising to see the Pro Bowl OT back on team anytime soon . Hall of Fame OT Gary Zimmerman told me G Randall McDaniel was as good as he's ever seen   and should have been a first ballot Hall of Famer . No practice today for Packers RB Eddie Lacy ,  who is recovering from a concussion . Rams expected to interview Jets VPCollege Scouting Joey Clinkscales for their general manager vacancy this week . Redskins signed former Steelers DL Ziggy Hood to a reservefuture contract . Browns first round pick Trent Richardson is expected to play in Cleveland's regular season opener vs . the Eagles ,  thou  . Art Shell has notified Ndamukong Suh ,  the Lions ,  the NFLPA ,  and the NFL that Suhs appeal of his two game suspension has been denied . Saints owner Tom Benson spent this morning meeting and discussing his team's embattled off season with NFL commissioner Roger Goodell . This is expected to be a four year extension worth 40 million ,  tying him to Raiders for next five seasons . GM John Schneider was asked about a Richard Sherman trade on 710 ESPN Seattle . Right now ,  I don't think the odds are very good ,  he said . Bears and Pro Bowl G Kyle Long deep in negotiations for new deal that is very close and expected to be done by next week ,  per sources . Kickoff is now at 850 ,  20 minutes later than initially scheduled . One reason Jets trading for B Marshall In a league geared to passing ,  the last time Jets had a 1,000 yard WR was Jerricho Cotchery in 2007.Seahawks CB Sherman says rookie QB Wilson is better than Colts Luck ,  Redskins Griffin III . After watching every snap from 2011 ,  here are the top 101 NFL players from @ProFootbalFocus  . First time in 10 years that @Starbucks forgot to fasten lid on venti . When I went to drink my coffee ,  I wore my coffee . Good morning  !  Bills said QB Kevin Kolb is day to day  aren't we all  with a knee injury and Stevie Johnson will miss at least a week  hamstring .Merril Hoge said that ,  after studying him on tape throughout training camp ,  Broncos rookie LB Von Miller reminds him of ... Lawrence Taylor . Lions RB Ameer Abdullah scheduled to visit Dr . Robert Anderson in NC to evaluate left foot injury ,  per @JosinaAnderson . Didn't look good Sun . Patriots director of player personnel Jason Licht is scheduled to interview in Chicago today for Bears GM job   second interview with Bears . Craig Sager ,  with a #SagerStrong ,  all time motivational speech . 49ers waived 6th round pick RB Kelvin Taylor ,  Fred's son ,  per source . Cardinals and former Chiefs OT Eric Winston now have reached agreement on a one year deal that will be signed today . Broncos QB Trevor Siemian  foot  will start vs . Titans after one game absence ,  per source.Can't make this up . RT @salmaiorana 15 minutes into his 1st practice with Bills ,  Shawne Merriman tweaked his right leg and left field . Texans GM Rick Smith ,  whose team could lock up No . 1 pick today ,  spent Saturday night in Orlando watching QB Teddy Bridgewater . LSU led all schools with 9 selections and for the 8th straight year ,  the SEC had more picks than any conference ,  this time with 49.So Jim Harbaugh had a little bit of a different greeting for John Harbaugh than he did Jim Schwartz . Broncos' HC Gary Kubiak will not make trip to San Diego for Thursday night's game . DT Jamal Williams done in Denver 3 years ,  16 million ,  including 7 milliion gtd ,  with a max value to deal over 22 million . Former Browns LB Kaluka Maiava signed with the Raiders 3 years ,   6 million . A loss for Buffalo Bills TE Shawn Nelson has been suspended four games for violating the league's substance abuse policy . Seahawks violated concussion protocol by allowing Russell Wilson to re enter game ,  per source ...  Bears are signing former Saints kicker Connor Barth to a one year deal ,  per source . In regards to  questions on Mason   O.00 percent chance Baltimore gave him any more money . Not happening . Thanks ,  Bill   and Len ,  too RT @bhofheimerespn  profile here on washpos . Steelers' RB Le'Veon Bell returns to Ohio town to dedicate football field he donated . Are all these cars on the road at 630 am coming home or going out  ?  Denver gave WR Emmanuel Sanders a 3 year ,  33M extension that includes 27M guaranteed and ties him to Broncos through 2019 ,  per source . Mort's Brady  vet star  ,  I'm Cassel . RT @corrosivepj you and Mort remind me of a NFL team experiencing a QB controversy . Who should start  ?  RT @espnnfl Peyton Manning's availability for Colts' regular season opener in doubt  . For second straight year ,  Adam Pacman Jones will be one of the speakers at the NFL Rookie Symposium later this month . Year . Broken nose header . #WorldCup . Today's Buffalo Tampa Bay game is the Fire Our Offensive Coordinator On The Eve Of The Season Bowl . understood . Judea's a lucky little boy ... congratulations . Oh boy ...  RT @RossTuckerNFL Today's ESPN Football Today Podcast with @AdamSchefter like youve never heard him before  !  RT @MarkMaske Jim Zorn's record over two seasons with Redskins 12 20. Steve Spurrier's record over two seasons with Redskins 12 20.Browns doctors have been looking at Myles Garrett's foot after he limped to sideline following a pass rush drill . Definitely correct . RT @yitzchokb @AdamSchefter is @BobGlauber correct when he says that tuck is top 4 DE  ?  I beg to differ . Raiders took OT Bruce Campbell . Finally . #nfldraft . Redskins TE Jordan Reed suffered a pre game headache and now will be inactive . Redskins expected him to play . Bad news ,  Jets fans Leon Washington has a fractured fibula   done for the year . Chargers special teams coach Steve Crosbys contract will not be renewed for the 2011 season ,  team announced . It's on Cowboys free agent RB DeMarco Murray is flying to Philadelphia to meet Eagles officials on Thursday ,  per league source . RT @bigpanda76 @adamschefter i think @ogochocinco got it easy in the dawg pound and Lambeau . He may want to stay outta the Black Hole . In light of Hurricane Matthew ,  Roger Goodell met this afternoon with league officials to conduct contingency ...  Working out trade comp for Kaepenick was easy part . Tougher part is convincing Kaep to take less guaranteed . It's why trade not yet close . RT @Ben19 If there's no football what the heck are you gonna do  ?   ...  Find a role in a show called Lost . Bears and Matt Forte agreed to a four year deal . The deal will average about 8 million per year . RT @DhaniJones Now in Ann Arbor at Ali Baba's .  ...  Coming to meet you tomorrow . Hopefully others will attend . Just like everyone expected by week 7 ,  Case Keenum and Thad Lewis would be starting at quarterback . Former Titans HC Mike Munchak has agreed to become Steelers O line coach ,  as @McClainonNFL reported . Brad Childress fined 35,000 for violating longstanding league policies that prohibit publiccriticism of officiating . Filed to ESPN Hmm   Raiders asked for and received permission to interview Ravens QB coach Hue Jackson for an uspecified position . RT @mikechernow Have you ever seen someone perform the way Michael Vick has this season  ?   ...  Like watching Barry Sanders play QB . Statement from Houston Texans Founder ,  Chairman and CEO Robert C . McNairAs I said yesterday ,  I was not ...  Help on the way . RT @TonyGrossi Willis McGahee signing a Browns contract right now ,  per source . Showdown of the day coming up on SportsCenter ...  lot . Broncos gave kicker Brandon McManus a 3 year extension worth 11.254 million ,  including 6M guaranteed ,  per source . Set the DVR Bill Parcells' Draft Confidential special ,  with former Colts GM Bill Polian also featured ,  airs tonight on ESPN at 10.Reason for Santonio Holmes' suspension @ProFootballTalk reported Saturday that Holmes violated the league's substance abuse policy . In his continued journey with sobriety ,  @criscarter80 is speaking about it at the White House on Wednesday . A new target for Donovan McNabb Vikings reached agreement with former Falcons WR Michael Jenkins on a three year contract . Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski ,  questionable with a chest injury ,  is expected to play today vs Jets . Had bleeding and bruising in his chest . Parameters of Donovan McNabb's deal were agreed to in OCTOBER . He took same deal on table since then . No negotiations today . None . Jordy Nelson is active . Not optimistic he's playing . RT @bighead4642 @AdamSchefter any solid word on Turner for this weekend yet . Michael Vick still has time to heal ,  but the early signs are that he is unlikely to play Sunday night vs . Giants due to two cracked ribs .  . In 2014 ,  Tony Romo played with broken bone in back . Broken bones generally 6 weeks . Cowboys say no timetable other than not season ending . Bears' chairman George H . McCaskey on Jay Cutler  . Chargers ruled out RB Ryan Mathews and WR Keenan Allen from Saturday night's game vs . SF . Link to Mort report with more info on Jerry's six figure fine . Bills are waiving WR Philly Brown today ,  per source . Chiefs are releasing RB Jamaal Charles ,  per source . Leftover from today Eagles so loaded at WR ,  don't be surprised to see them trade one later this summer . Steelers coach Mike Tomllin has ruled out S Troy Polamalu  calf  and T Marcus Gilbert  ankle  for Sunday's game against the Redskins . Lions listing Calvin Johnson as questionable ,  Eric Ebron and Joseph Fauria as out ,  and Reggie Bush and Brandon Pettigrew as doubtful . Former Seahawks 1st rd pick Russell Okung tore his pectoral muscle Thurs night vs . Philadephia . He is expected to have six months of rehab, . Pls go to espn.com RT @BigDerf Hey Adam ,  can we get more twitter mentions of espn.com posts ? Just seeing your monday insider blog stuff now . Check out the class of Belichick . RT @BildArchiv RT @WAD1980  . RT @TonyBrunoShow Can't say I'm shocked at anyone getting divorced anymore . Colts elevated running back Matt Jones to the 53 man roster from the practice squad and waived guard Ian Silberman . Love when players respect history . And Bills QB Trent Edwards just walked into Fawcett Stadium for tonight's induction ceremony . Redskins announced today that they have named Jacob Burney defensive line coach and Bob Slowik defensive backs coach . Dwight Freeney is suing Bank of America ,  blaming it for 20 million in lost wages . Bucs DT Gerald McCoy ,  the 3rd overall pick ,  had to be helped off field . Bucs said he tweaked his hip and McCoy is expected to be fine . Jim Kelly ,  on ESPN's NFL Insiders ,  on what it will take to snap Buffalo's streak of 17 years without playoffs Tom Brady's gotta retire.NFLPA For more than six months ,  the NFL has ignored the facts ,  abused the process outlined in our collective bargain  . Tony Romo is expected to play some Sunday vs Eagles . Bucs were able to fend off Washington ,  which made a late ,  strong push . Bill Polian on ESPN's NFL Insiders on Raiders QB Terrelle Pryor He's improved more than any player I've seen.Seahawks DC Gus Bradley not scheduled to arrive in Philly till this afternoon . Bradley is scheduled to interview with Jaguars Wednesday . Imagine this ,  Brett Favre George Blanda was known as the Ageless Wonder because he didn't retire until just short of his 49th birthday . Packers have choice of color jersey they want to wear . Maybe they want to stick with the white they haven't lost in this postseason . RT @mortreport The line of NFL negotiations came Friday when Jerry Jones told negotiators ,  We're down to circumsizing mosquitoes.RT @SBJLizMullen NFLPA attorney Jeffrey Kessler told SBJ this year if union won TV case lockout by the NFL less likely.Brad Childress will now serve as Chiefs' Asst HC and Matt Nagy will be team's Offensive Coordinator . Giants RB Andre Brown broken leg . Rams HC Jeff Fisher said he anticpates that LT Jake Long tore ACL ,  pending further tests . Eagles RB coach Duce Staley had interviewed for Philadelphia's head coaching job ,  per @Edwerderespn . Wait   the Mets are in the 19th inning  ?  !  ?  !  That's worth another baseball tweet  !  I might be turning into Buster Olney  !  Now this could explain it ... RT @prosb4hos @adamschefter maybe he means is Plummer done in handball  ?  Official As reported this am ,  QB Matt Schaub traded to Oakland for a 6th round pick this year . Looks like RB Reggie Bush  knee  ,  DT Sedrick Ellis  knee  and CB Jabari Greer  groin  expected back for next Monday night and the Patriots . Vikings' veterans and rookies also report today . So as of today ,  Vikings' and Steelers' full squads in camp . No other teams report till Wed . One more loss along Carolina's defensive front   Panthers cut DT Damione Lewis . Former Patriots TE Aaron Hernandez is scheduled to be arraigned at 2 p.m . ET . Cardinals WR Larry Fitzgerald  hamstring  and RB Rashard Mendenhall  toe  are expected to play today vs . Saints . A pick that would make sense . RT @jamisonhensley Dont'a Hightower is visiting Steelers today  . Teams leading by at least 6 points at halftime are 30 3 in Super Bowl history . Well ,  look who joined Twitter today ...  RT @AaronHernandez @ochocinco and @john made me do it . In other words ,  get your popcorn ready ... Lions S Louis Delmas ,  whose team plays New England tonight ,  on Pats QB Tom Brady That dude is like God on the field.RT @SBJLizMullen Friday afternoon the day before a three day weekend . The beginning of summer . What could be better  ?   ...  A new CBA . Colts HC Chuck Pagano and Rob Chudzinski previously have spent eight seasons together at U of Miami ,  then the 2004 season with the Browns . For those that missed RT @bhofheimerespn Instant Classic #USA #ALG #worldcup match will air 2nite at 6p ET on ESPN Classic & 1a on ESPN2 . Congratulations to AP2K . Chiefs tendered LB Derrick Johnson with a first round pick   at a salary of 110 percent more than he made last year . One GM said this morning that today's ND OSU Fiesta Bowl features more pro talent than any bowl   16 players who can go in first two rounds . Lewis left the Bengals complex when the two sides could not agree on franchise's direction and his future there is in serious jeopardy . RT @oscee with Suggs out ,  what's the situation on Sergio Kindle getting some run post injury  ?   ...  He will . But more Courtney Upshaw . Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski said he is playing Sunday vs Jets . Von Millers defense team is convinced return of bonus money is not included in settlement it reached with NFL . Sean McDermott's likely DC in Buffalo is Panthers LB coach Al Holcomb ,  per source . Logical hire and promotion . Bucs CB Aqib Talib has been suspended four games ,  starting Sunday vs . KC ,  for using Adderall . Talib does not plan to appeal his suspension . Finally ,  finalized The training camp bus tour schedule for @mortreport and me . Whoa . RT @KCChiefs1 Dwayne Bowe suspended 4 games effective immediately   violates NFL performance enhancing drugs policy . Amazing how many people have tweeted me to ask where they can watch  supplemental draft . People ,  there was one pick  !  There's nothing to see . Titans are discussing the possibility of signing former Falcons DE John Abraham to a deal that could be done this week . Raiders QB Terrelle Pryor ,  who suffered a concussion Monday night ,  is unlikely to play Sunday vs . Washington ,  per sources . Due to a concussion ,  Redskins TE Jordan Reed will not play Monday night against San Francisco . So much for Vick to Jacksonville Idea .  My favorite annual article RT @nytimes Commencement Speeches Wisdom of Leaders and Guidance for Graduates  . Believe it's your turn to wear them ,  @jayfeely ,  no  ?  Wild RT @RickMaese QBs at Redskins Park today Donovan McNabb ,  Sam Bradford ,  Colt McCoy . QBs at home today Jason Campbell . Unfortunatley ,  science fairs don't draw this much attention RT @NFLfootballinfo 5,082 media accredited to cover SB XLV ,  most in SB history . Bengals DT Geno Atkins is scheduled for an MRI today to confirm a torn ACL   a massive blow to the Bengals' defense . Titans just signed DT Jurrell Casey to a 4 year ,  60.4M extension ,  including 40M Gtd had 2 years left on his deal . A Tigers fan caught five different foul balls Monday   and gave them all away to young fans.Broncos reached agreement with former Bears and Cowboys DE Henry Melton . Key inactives so far Seahawks RB Julius Jones ,  Bengals RB Cedric Benson ,  Bengals LB Keith Rivers ,  Redskins DT Albert Haynesworth . And so Marshawn Lynch is a Raider.Adrian Peterson is a Saint.And Jamaal Charles could be a Bronco . Chris Ivory officially active . Eagles confirm they have interviewed Giants offensive coordinator Ben McAdoo for their head coach position today . Going very well . Patriots releases Tim Tebow . More on ESPN . trouble . As @mortreport reports ,  Jets have fired offensive coordinator Tony Sparano ,  who was informed of his dismissal Monday night . Former Patriots and Broncos RB Stevan Ridley is signing with the Minnesota Vikings ,  per source . More RB reinforcements . Compensation update Saints receiving conditional 2018 sixth round pick from Arizona for RB Adrian Peterson ,  per league sources . At urging of some friends ,  now working on plans to go to Canton for Hall of Fame weekend ,  a great weekend . Fired up about potential trip . RT @espn Mariners announce Ken Griffey Jr . retiring    . Congratulations to my little sister ,  @BiteItNWriteIt ,  on debut of her book   nutritional tips to control your life  . This is getting more interesting than most thought . Three sources Extension of talks now a definite possibility . Per head coach John Fox ,  Bears QB Jay Cutler has a right thumb sprain . RT @JosinaAnderson Corey Wootton on Brian Urlacher I think he's going to have probably one of the best games of his career.Bears agreed to terms with T Bobby Massie on a three year contract . Set your DVRs RT @ArmenKeteyian My 3 month investigation into death of Steve McNair set to run Mon Tues on The Early Show . For those scoring at home ,  Steelers LB James Harrison now has racked up 100,000 in fines this season . Now onto mom RT @AlvinKeels Andre Smith hasn't signed Bengals fans .  reports are premature .  But we are working hard to get something done . A link to the great ESPN The Magazine article that J.R . Moehringer authored   . Josh McCown says Jimmy Garoppolo has the potential 'to carry a franchise' ...  RT 2 @KouroshSafavi @AdamSchefter like that sometimes . Unfortunately bigot's will always be around . Peace ,  love and human dignity . 42 players were drafted from SEC schools ,  1 more than the Big Ten for most the draft picks by conference . Former Cal coach Jeff Tedford will be Lovie Smith's OC ,  and Rod Marinelli will be the Bucs' defensive coordinator ,  ESPN is reporting . Filed to ESPN Chester Taylor reaches agreement with Bears on a four year ,  12.5 million deal that includes 7 million gtd in year one . If you're a Patriots fan still upset about the Super Bowl ,  this should help put things in perspective for you ...  Titans trying to reach agreements in principle with two FA priorities Bills guard Andy Levitre and 49ers free agent TE Delanie Walker . One more correction on the IR date . RT @nadroJH Hold on Adam  !  I sent that to you yesterday . Don't job me out like I'm no Steeler fan  !  Reggie Bush reality show to rival Kim's . RT @MiamiDolphins Dolphins to appear on HBO's Hard Knocks  . Bengals LB Vontaze Burfict ejected for making contact with an official . Rams officially activated DT Aaron Donald today . Bills LB Reggie Ragland will have surgery for a torn ACL and is expected to miss the season . For dad's 70th birthday ,  we got him his first IPhone . This is his 1st trip to an Apple Store . Welcome to 2015 ,  Papa . People tweeting me to find out teams that will make run at Vick   and I'm having a hard time getting over the end of another NFL romance . Great point by Floyd Little he and Dick LeBeau both wore No . 44 ,  got in before SB 44 ,  from 44 HOF voters ,  with the US's 44th President . Cowboys TE John Phillips is quickly making TE Martellus Bennett expendable . Key part to deal OT Jake Long will undergo physical with Rams today . Mike Nolan brings 3 4 defense to Miami ,  along with knowledge of Broncos free agent LB Elvis Dumervil . Look for him to be on Miami's radar . Lions HC Jim Schwartz on DT Nick Fairleys weight loss He's really impressive from where he left here at the ...  Former Dolphins' LB Kelvin Sheppard visiting Giants today . Bengals announced they re signed K Mike Nugent . An MRI performed on Trent Cole's right ankle revealed no structural damage . He's listed as day to day with a mild ankle sprain . Saints free agent DT Sedrick Ellis ,  who visited New England last week ,  is visiting Detroit and Chicago this week . Criticize him ,  question him ,  rip him ,  say whatever you want about Brett Favre . But salute him . An all time great player . Buccaneers received permission to interview Bengals defensive coordinator Mike Zimmer for their head coaching job . Updated Aaron Rodgers shows off his photographic memory ,  via @SeifertESPN . Appeals Panel vacated suspensions and directed Commissioner to make an expeditious re determination of discipline fo  . Broncos will seek permission to interview Ravens OC Gary Kubiak ,  who played and coached in Denver but has said he would stay in Baltimore . Trades have Browns ,  Titans set up for big 2017 NFL draft . Nate Montana ,  son of Joe ,  received invite to 49ers' minicamp ...  Cleveland's QBs are in motion . Filed to ESPN Former Panthers QB Jake Delhomme scheduled to visit the Browns on Thursday . All that money goes to 28 other teams   1.6 million each   except for Saints and Raiders ,  who don't get any but don't lose any . RT @mortreport Filed to ESPN on another expected move TJ Houshmanzadeh has been cut . Dallas top choice at guard was   and continues to be   former Chief and Patriot Brian Waters ,  who is willing to play . Colts' Robert Mathis had 10 surgical procedures over past year to prevent infection and ensure his Achilles was healing right ,  per sources . Not happening . RT @marques24kobe @AdamSchefter have you heard anything about a potential Green Bay and Rams deal involving Grant and SJax . Jameis Winston scheduled to meet Bears in Chicago on Wednesday ,  per league source . Means Bears will have met w Winston and Marcus Mariota . Despite being hospitalized after hot balloon accident ,  WR @DonteStallworth did not suffer serious injuries and will be able to resume career . Eagles QB Michael Vick is expected to miss Sunday's start vs . Tampa Bay due to his hamstring injury . Nick Foles time . Steelers kicker Shaun Suisham tore his ACL ,  per @pittsburghpg . Leaves Pittsburgh searching for a new kicker to do his job in tough venue . RT @bowtieceo Great group including @DhaniJones @AdamSchefter @michiganfball Coach Hoke . #mockrock  . NFL reps at secret Chicago meeting Roger Goodell ,  Jerry Jones ,  Jerry Richardson ,  Robert Kraft ,  John Mara ,  Art Rooney . Former Lions and Rams DT Nick Fairley is scheduled to meet with New England Patriots ,  per @nwagoner . Two days till Tuna Time   Dolphins rookies and vets report to training camp two weeks from today . Broncos draft Indiana OLB Jammie Kirlew #nfldraft . RT @RossTuckerNFL Cam Newton's dad really did him a disservice . His son is worth way more than 180K . As @MMehtaNYDN reported ,  David Garrard worked out for Jets today . Would be a good fit in NY but there's concern about age and injuries . negotiations . Toes . Adams family wanted the NFL to know how much it appreciated the attendance of Goodell and Hanks as well as the league's support . RT @BLACKDYAMITE  ANY WORD ON ANTONIO GATES  ?   ...  He's listed as questionable . Iffy . PLAY HIM AT YOUR OWN PERIL . Though Jim Harbaugh is expected to land at Michigan ,  NFL teams such as Bears ,  Jets ,  Raiders continue making overtures to change his mind . As @RavensInsider reported ,  former Giants WR Mario Manningham reacheed agreement with the 49ers on a two year deal . Dallas traded No . 119 to Miami for No . 126 and No . 179 ,  which is early in the 6th round . Dolphins take Iowa LB A.J . Edds #nfldraft . Pete Rozelle's dream And now the Titans ,  Dolphins ,  Jaguars ,  Jets and Texans all are 7 7.Two time Pro Bowl DE Osi Umenyiora told The Associated Press that he will practice with the Giants today . #welcomeback . Interesting stats ...  RT @KCJoynerTFS Joseph has a better 2 yr YPA than Asomugha on nearly 3 times as many targets . Falcons safety Ricardo Allen with the Twitter takedown of the week  . Only team to call the Rams Thursday night to get the 33rd overall pick was ... Carolina . Just didn't have the ammo . Still got Jimmy Clausen . Dancing with the stars has more stars in the house . RT @OGOchoCinco Totally awesome Jerry Rice is here ,  now im nervous . Winner @SILeeJenkins LeBron I'm coming home. @SINow exclusive in the words of @KingJames  . Ezekiel Elliott in incident at Dallas bar ,  per source . More to come today on ESPN.About to take off for Albany . Hotel Gods ,  please  !  No jacuzzi ,  no stenches ,  no red stains on walls . Just a simple ,  clean room ,  that's it . Condolences Sam . RT @LATimesfarmer Heartbroken by loss of friend and colleague Mike Penner . Mike was a phenomenal writer and better person . smoking . RT @SIPeterKing NFL VP Ray Anderson contacted all 8 playoff teams told them they're on notice Respect the game ,  cut down trash talking . Welcome back Lions signed unrestricted free agent CB Dre Bly to a two year deal . In his annual top 100 draft prospects ,  colleague @JeffLegwold ranks Mike Evans as his No . 5 player and Sammy Watkins as his No . 6.And @FieldYates reports Bears QB Jay Cutler restructured his contract to free up 4M in cap space . Assist to Cutler for landing Jared Allen . RT @MrShankZ Whats the latest on Andre Johnson  ?   ...  Sounds like a game time decision . Two less HC candidate for NFL Just as Kevin Sumlin plans to stay at Texas A & M ,  David Shaw plans to do the same at Stanford ,  per sources . Former Bears RB Chester Taylor has agreed to a deal with the Arizona Cardinals . As @HBalzer721 reported ,  Packers released former Saints DT Anthony Hargrove . Could we be worse than Martin  ?  RT @MichiganFan2120 funny @richeisen & @AdamSchefter are discussing which one of them should be UM new AD . NFLPA announced bonus and a vote of confidence for Exec Director De Smith ,  whose contract expires in March . Here's my question when does practice with HS kids start  ?  RT @espn Favre says he'd 'love to beat the Saints'    . Something with Dwayne Wade and the Heat seemed off all along . His decision to sign with Chicago confirms it . Watching these HOFers get their gold jackets for first time is goose bump stuff . Eagles officially acquire 8th overall pick in 2016 draft from Miami for LB Kiko Alonso ,  CB Byron Maxwell ,  and 13th overall pick in 2016.Jimmy Clausen will start his second game of season today . Both starts will have come against Seahawks   one with Bears ,  other with Ravens . I need Hanes socks ,  Mort . RT @mortreport Since Hanes is one of our tour bus sponsors ,  wonder if I can get some extra underwear out of it  ?  Trade terms Rams traded a seventh round pick to Washington for TE Derek Carrier ,  per source . He has replaced Vick and Favre RT @gabe311 @AdamSchefter U seem to be getting disproportionate amt of Crabtree questions . Sick of it yet  ?  Matthew Hasselbeck ,  QB of 8 9 Seahawks What do you call the person that graduated medical school with the lowest GPA  ?  A doctor.week  ?  Filed to ESPN Seattle traded WR Deion Branch to New England for a fourth round pick . Bet Tom Brady is happy . Nothing riles up Cleveland more than LeBron talk . The stick to football tweets now pouring in . OK . Doing NFL Live on ESPN at 830 ET . Here we go Vikes GM Rick Spielman said trade talk at No . 3 is heating up ... There is enough that there is a potential for a trade.Cardell Hayes found guilty of manslaughter in Will Smith case . Here are the two sleeper teams on Vick not getting mentioned but that I now sense could be in play here Buffalo and Dallas . Saints' RB Mark Ingram ,  recovering from a concussion and listed as questionable for today's game vs . Rams ,  will play ,  per source . Got tweets pouring in from 32 cities ,  asking for draft assessments . Bottom line we'll know the truth the next two seasons ,  not now . Eagles and long snapper Jon Dorenbos agree to terms on a three year contract thru 2019.As it has been and as it will be ,  Broncos' HC Gary Kubiak said Brock Osweiler will start Sunday against Oakland . First two sight 'ems in Miami Gordie Howe and Alonzo Mourning in the same room at same time . Two tough hombres . In response to D Smith ...  RT @gregaiello NFL EVP Jeff Pash on ESPN's Mike & Mike this morning at 824 am ET to discuss NFL labor issues . Figures . @Espngreeny said about next week's NBA Draft that there are 5 ,  6 ,  7 players moving up the charts. Of course . Knicks pick 8th . Colts QB Andrew Luck threw a little before practice today but the Colts shut him down for the day ,  per league ...  Drew Brees' new deal is 5 years w automatic void to 2 years ,  per @Edwerderespn . Pays 20M salary this season ,  24.25M next season ,  all gtd . Patriots and Rob Gronkowski restructured his deal for this season ,  giving him chance to become highest paid TE in NFL ,  per @RosenhausSports . Today's NFL Insiders setting stage for Super Bowl 50 ,  and other noted . Ed Reeds contract has 1 million worth of per game incentives ,  meaning for each game he plays ,  Reed collects 62,500.Happy anniversary ,  Franco . RT @nadroJH Just a reminder Today is the 37th anniversary of the immaculate reception . Rams punter Johnny Hekker named Week 14 NFLPA Community MVP for organizing multiple grassroots efforts to help vict  . Chris Bosh co hosting on Mike and Mike in the Morning'' a week before NBA free agency is some must listen radio . SportsCenter live from Broncos camp at 9 am ET with @jayharrisespn and Tom Jackson . No practice again today for Vikings QB Sam Bradford looks like Case Keenum vs Vikings on Sunday . Former Rams DE Chris Long is signing a 1 year deal with the Patriots ,  per @wingoz . Long helps replace Chandler Jones . Reaction to today's 6 game suspension for Ezekiel Elliott from his attorneys ,  Frank Salzano and Scott Rosenblum . After acquiring Marshawn Lynch ,  Seahawks released Julius Jones . RT @ProFootballHOF NFL Timeline continued ... Hall of Fame Weekend  Aug . 6 8 .  ...  My bad . Favre should report about Aug . 15.Dolphins released CB Byron Maxwell today ,  per source . Expected to have a market . Bill O'Brien's amended contract shows he reduced the price of an NFL buyout from 19.33 million last year to 6.48 million for this year . RT @MatthewJohnson2 Happy to see an ex Packer QB make it to the Super Bowl let's give it up for Mark Brunell  !  RT @mprezme how does the supplement draft work  ?   ...  Any team that picks a player today loses the corresponding pick in the 2011 draft . Eagles' executives and coaches ,  led by owner Jeffrey Lurie ,  took Jared Goff to dinner Monday night ,  then Carson Wentz to dinner last night . There's more to the Seahawks Lions trade Seattle also traded a seventh round pick to Detroit for DE Robert Henderson . Vision Source eye exams help detect Diabetes ,  and recently determined my need for Fresh Day disposable lenses   . Superb read . RT @runofplay Here's my new column about the Dolphins bullying scandal  . Colts LB Erik Walden is visiting the Titans today ,  per source . FYI ,  Adam Schein   Denver plays three straight games against teams off byes ,  but Falcons play four of six games against teams off byes . Lions WR Calvin Johnson is active . Announced one day after Michael Bush deal . RT @ChicagoBearscom Bears RB Marion Barber has decided to retire from the NFL after 7 seasons . About to do a Houston radio show with the great John McClain ,  longtime football writer for the Houston Chronicle . It's on Sports radio 610.RT @tunasweasel great quote from nfl's best CB @revis24 on shutting down Moss I just covered him . If he went to the bathroom ,  I went too . US judge NFL ,  players reach proposed 765M settlement of concussion related lawsuits . Interesting that NFL chose New Orleans for next year's owners meetings considering the labor issues that could hang over the league . NFL bloggers division wraps include division MVP ,  all division teams ,  disappointments ,  at espn .comBack page of Friday's Daily News ...  Bengals re signed C Kyle Cook ,  who started every game last season . Cook was an exclusive rights free agent ,  and wasn't going anywhere . Denver has gone back to Tim Tebow as its No . 2 QB and Brady Quinn as its No . 3. For this week ,  at least . Packers RB Jamaal Williams sustained a knee injury . So no Williams ,  no Ty Montgomery  broken ribs . Only rookie RB Aaron Jones left . Titans quarterback Marcus Mariota will undergo an MRI on the left knee he injured vs . Dolphins ,  as @ProFootballTalk reported . Chargers signed safety Paul Oliver to a one year contract and placed 2nd rd pick ,  linebacker Jonas Mouton ,  on injured reserve . Strange story of month Contrary to Vikings announcement ,  former Minnesota S Orlando Thomas has not passed away ,  according to his friends . Congratulations N.O . and Indy First time since 1993 ,  when Buffalo played Dallas ,  that two No . 1 seeds advanced to the Super Bowl . 12 Four CBs have five or more INTs the past two seasons Asante Samuel ,  Aqib Talib ,  Terrell Thomas ,  Brent Grimes . All in headlines . RT @deloureiro Would the Bengals take Luck number one  ?   ...  Whoever is 1 takes Luck if he comes out . Period . Eagles officially ruled out Michael Vick for Sunday night's game in SF . Colts agreed to terms with free agent linebacker DQwell Jackson . With Garrett Hartley struggling ,  Saints worked out a group of kickers that included Derek Dimke ,  Shayne Graham and Neil Rackers . Ravens' rookie RB Kenneth Dixon suffered a Grade 1 MCL strain today and is now considered day to day ,  per source . Best case for Baltimore . And here's something you don't see every day but is very interesting ... Kendall Wright and Titans reach agreement on a . 4 year ,  8.2 million deal ,  including a4.4 million signing bonus . Lions GM Martin Mayhew on RB Jahvid Best Eventually he will get cleared . I feel very positive and I feel very comfortable saying that.Redskins TE coach Sean McVay is expected to become Washington's OC ,  per league sources ,  Raheem Morris a possible defensive coordinator . And so Greg Jennings follows the path of Brett Favre and Ryan Longwell from Green Bay to Minnesota . This is happening Mike Pettine says he expects opponents to taunt Johnny Manziel with money sign after sacks . We have some Twitter Insight on David Garrard's plans . RT @vincemullins sources tell me playing 18 today  and every day  at TPC Stadium . Get ready ,  Larry Johnson . RT @CinBengalsNFL Benson not dressd for practice . Former Falcons ,  Rams and Dolphins OT Jake Long is working out today for the Chicago Bears ,  per source . More thoughts with more people RT @mwk89 and dont forget tomorrow,15th anniv . of okc bombings . And Saints HCSean Payton said WR Joe Morgan is out for the season with a torn ACL . suspended . Reports from @JoePequenoCBS5 and @rapsheet about Michigan offer to Jim Harbaugh . Here's what I knowMultiple ...  Falcons and Matt Ryan have been working on a five year extension worth more than 100 million ,  per @mortreport . RGIII a full participant in today's practice Redskins not ready to announce who starts at QB Sunday . Here's an interesting way to start your Sunday morning 49ers free agent QB Alex Smith is visiting today with the Miami Dolphins . For what it's worth on the Dolphins depth chart ,  WR Davone Bess is listed ahead of WR Greg Camarillo . Bess could be a fantasy sleeper . Dolphins will start Matt Moore tonight at QB . How nice was my barista with this unexpected message ...  Bills signed former Giants WR Ramses Barden . Former Chargers TE Ladarius Green is expected to sign withthe Pittsburgh Steelers ,  per source . Saints OC Pete Carmichael Jr . has decided not to speak with Jaguars about OC job and to remain with N.O . Two sides will negotiate new deal . Panthers just clinched a first round playoff bye . RT @LATimesfarmer Ed Hochuli told me as soon as he found out NFL deal was done ,  I dropped down on the floor and started doing pushups.Ravens and LB Daryl  Smith reached agreement on a four year ,  16.1 million deal ,  per sources . Colts interim HC Bruce Arians said RB Donald Brown underwent knee surgery ,  will be out two to three weeks . Vick Ballard will start . party  ?  Not the way to start the summer the Bills placed LB Aaron Schobel on ReserveDid Not Report . Now comes time for coordinator moves ,  too Houston fired its defensive coordintor Frank Bush . Chargers HC Mike McCoy says rookie TE Hunter Henry is going into the concussion protocol . By not activating K Roberto Aguayo off practice squad by 4 pm ,  Panthers committed to K Graham Gano for Sunday ,  even though hes Q with ankle . Tampa Bay reached agreement with former Saints guard Carl Nicks on a five year ,  47.5 million deal including 31 million guaranteed . RT @MikeDL @AdamSchefter Going to be a problem when the Colts finish sweeping the AFC South &lt  We'd be well advised not to forget Colts . Did I just see that righy  ?  Ohio State hasn't lost to Michigan in 2,562 days  ?  Think that speaks for itself . Andre Johnson averaged 62.4 yds per game last year ,  his lowest since 2005. His cap hit for 2015 is 16.1M ,  2nd among WRs to Calvin Johnson . RT @TomSilverstein 2010 Packers 10 on IR  5 starters  through 7 games . GBP Super Bowl teams of '96 '97 12 on IR  4 starters  combined . Former Bills and current Redskins OT Mike Williams' weight went as high as 480. Now down to a svelte 332   and looking good . And now it is official Broncos signed five time Pro Bowl cornerback Ty Law and waived cornerback Jack Williams . Interesting factoid ...  RT @NFLhistory Final score of Giants & Patriots in '07 ?  38 35. They met again in SB XLII . Over the last 10 seasons ,  Eli Manning is 7 0 as a postseason underdog ,  including 2 0 at Green Bay . Lions President Tom Lewand will be suspended 30 days and fined 100,000 for violating NFL's Personal Conduct Policy following his OWI . Russell Okung ,  other players could decide to skip upcoming NFL meeting with owners . Will look a lot different in 2 years RT @NFLprguy How's this for team pic  ?  NFL coaches on Monday via Al Messerschmidt  . Fake barista ...  Welcome to the University of Michigan family ,  President Schlissel . Vikings officially ruled out Adrian Peterson and Toby Gerhart . RT @BrianBosley And it was JOHN who told him to pull the trigger ... Bizarre . And Falcons director of athletic performance Jeff Fish also got fined 2,500 ,  bringing the total fines doled out on the play to 30,000.Seahawks head coach Pete Carroll will be introduced to Seattle media on Tuesday at 10 a.m PT at the team's training facility . On their six year contract ,  the Giants gave G Shawn Andrews 250,000 to sign and he has a 1.25 million base salary this season . Cleveland takes CB Joe Haden . OT Anthony Davis ,  get ready for the Black Hole . #nfldraft . Detroit needed another OT with injury to Taylor Decker and Rams were using OT Jamin Brown ahead of Greg Robinson . Thus ,  a trade . Broncos GM John Elway personally reached out to Von Miller over holiday weekend to lay groundwork for new deal ...  Cardinals announced they signed CB Tyrann Mathieu to a four year contract . So I figured I'd start my day that way again ,  with Adam Ledet's daughter telling him his phone is ding ding dinging again . Trade's official Redskins acquired quarterback John Beck from the Baltimore Ravens in exchange for cornerback Doug Dutch . Vikings HC Leslie Frazier said Adrian Peterson has a sprained ankle . X rays negative ,  MRI tomorrow . Cowboys' DE Randy Gregory has entered a treatment facility and is not expected to report to training camp this week ,  per @Edwerderespn . Josh McDaniels told press Brandon Marshall was @ the Broncos training facility today and was held out of practice for precautionary reasons . All signs point to Christian Ponder starting at QB for Vikings tonight . RT @JosinaAnderson Filed to ESPN Leslie Frazier just text me going to Tampa. Frazier will be next defensive coordinator for the Bucs . Chris Berman stepping down as host of ESPNs NFL studio programming ,  will remain with network ...  Denver is considering a kicking change and is planning to work out kickers this week ,  per sources . Patriots reached agreement with former 49ers QB Brian Hoyer on a three year contract ,  per source . RT @mortreport Filed to ESPN Last one's basically in   Russell Okung agrees to a 6 yr deal w 30 mill guaranteed ,  58 mill maximum deal . Missed on Oak   Rolando mcClain  !  So those were terms of OT Jason Peters' extension . Full deal ,  per Vincent Taylor ,  is for 5 years ,  51.3 million ,  19.55 million guaranteed . A day in the life . @BostonGlobe Former Patriots star Aaron Hernandez adjusts to confines of Bristol County jail ...  Eagles RB Brian Westbrook is ,  officially ,  inactive . He has been experiencing headaches and Eagles exercising caution . Lions Jim Caldwell official . Hired . Browns last team with an HC opening . today . A behind the scenes look at Johnny Drama from Elizabeth Merrill ...  49ers also have promoted S Chris Maragos and RB DeShawn Wynn from the teams practice squad . Despite Robert Kraft's request ,  Roger Goodell said the Patriots will not be getting back this year's first round pick . Andrew Luck ...  Sheesh @OGOchocinco was fined 25,000 for possessing an electronic device and posting Twitter messages during the Bengals Eagles game . Signs mounting that Jets HC Todd Bowles is safe . Dolphins claimed CB Christopher Owens CB off waivers from the Browns . With WR Mike Williams healthy from calf injury ,  Bills agreed to release him ,  allowing him to sign with another team ,  per Hadley Engelhard . Su'a Cravens told some Redskins on Saturday he plans to retire ,  but a meeting with team officials has changed his mind for now ,  per sources . Well that didn't take long Browns are matching Jacksonville's offer sheet for C Alex Mack . Cleveland keeps Mack ,  per source . Just as Bengals RB Cedric Benson escaped suspension ,  so has Bengals LB Rey Maualuga . Despite Rey's January DUI ,  NFL decided no suspension . What being 2 0 means to a teams chances of making the playoffs . RT @espnnfcnblog Your Week 2 playoff chances    . Arizona and Chicago have asked for and received permission to interview Broncos OC Mike McCoy for their HC job . Will interview this weekend . Before Redskins Rams deal ,  Browns tried to make last minute push to make trade for second overall pick . By then ,  too late . Justin Forsett retiring . Just keeps getting worse .  This is not Knicks bashing root for Knicks.  Can't take it anymore . Jets are expected to sign former Giants punter Steve Weatherford for Sunday's game vs . New England ,  per league source . So it's No . 1 seed Seattle vs . No . 1 seed Denver . Last times SB featured two No . 1 seeds was Saints Colts in 2009 and Cowboys Bills in 1993.Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch ,  listed as questionable with a hip injury ,  is expected to start to Sunday vs . Tennessee . Congratulations to Diamondbacks P Edwin Jackson   his no hitter vs . Rays is now complete . Cavaliers crushed the Celtics 130 86 in a game not as close as the score would indicate . RT @RichCimini Mangini comes clean on Favre Former New York Jets coach featured in a revealing piece  . Former Browns LB Craig Robertson has reached agreement on a 3 year deal with New Orleans Saints ,  per source . Despite being listed as questionable with a toe injury ,  Bucs G Carl Nicks will not play today against his former Saints team . It's official Steelers announced the addition of second year QB Tyler Palko to their practice squad . So it begins Browns coach Pat Shurmur and GM Heckart will be gone by Monday ,  sources tell Cleveland Plain Dealer . Eagles and Redskins getting into it before they get into it . These players are rarin and ready to go . No . 3 overall pick Blake Bortles signed his four year deal ,  with a team option for a fifth year ,  this morning . Part 2 Normally WR Lance Moore is third QB but he has strained hamstring ,  won't play ,  and Saints HC Sean Payton preparing   just in case . Bill Parcells sleeper pick on his Draft Confidential show tonight Cody Pearcy WRHuntingdon  Ala  College . Guy looked super quick . With a win tonight in Denver ,  Bill Belichick would move into a tie with Tom Landry for the NFLs third most coaching wins . Honorary Buccaneer Eric LeGrand will take part in the Giants Bucs coin flip Sunday ,  according to USA Today . Steelers terminated contract of special teams coordinator Al Everest . Asst . special teams coach Amos Jones will assume that role . Another loss for Carolina . Panthers placed OT Jeff Otah on the injured reserve list . Raiders with another upset pick of the first round ... RT @Eviltweety88DIRECT From #RedCross site 5 donations 4disaster relief 2HELP  24357  contain mess GIVE ,  5.00 goes2 disaster relief . KC re signs Jaye Howard ,  2 years ,  up to 12 million ,  per source . Not the news Arizona wanted on this Saturday   new Cardinals LB Joey Porter arrested for DUI . Chargers' WR Stevie Johnson expected to play today ,  and Keenan Allen likely to play . Antonio Gates ,  Melvin Gordon true game time decisions . Bears used 4th rd pick on Miami S Deon Bush ,  6th rd pick on William & Mary S DeAndre Houston Carson ,  spelling trouble for vet Antrel Rolle . Despite being listed as questionable due to a calf injury ,  Bills WR Sammy Watkins is not expected to play today . 49ers RB Frank Gore will replace Rams RB Steven Jackson in the Pro Bowl . Bills and Jerry Hughes have reached agreement as @viccarucci reported . Deal is for five years and worth more than 45 million . Titans RB DeMarco Murray ,  listed as questionable for today due to a hamstring injury ,  will play vs . the Browns ,  per source . RT @Seahawks Added FB Quinton Ganther to the active roster .  Placed RB Chris Henry and T Breno Giacomini on the practice squad . Texans QB Brock Osweiler ,  who will not attend Monday's White House ceremony The Broncos graciously extended an ...  RT @tonysopramo Can you give us divisions involved  ?   ...  It'll be an AFC North team and an NFC team   no big names ,  so don't lose any sleep . Props to the people of Philadelphia . That's how to host a draft . No city has injected that much energy ,  electricity ,  excitement into draft . Packers list RB Ty Montgomery as doubtful for Sunday vs Dallas . Looks like two weeks ,  at least ,  for Panthers WR Steve Smith . MRI compete on Fred Jackson's right knee and it revealed nothing conclusive . It will probably be 7 10 days before a ti  . RT @EFnews Is Cowher waiting for Giants job  ?   ...  He's trying to spend as much time with his three daughters after all they've gone through . And now it is surfacing in sports world Hall of Famer Warren Moon is being sued for sexual harrassment ,  via  . RT @cmeldrum17 Any chance Tebow gets some MVP consideration  ?   ...  Whoa ,  whoa ,  whoa . Pro Bowl ,  yes . MVP ,  no . Heard of Aaron Rodgers  ?  NFL investigation of Saints began in 2010 when allegations were made that Saints targeted QBs such as Brett Favre and Kurt Warner . As @RachelNichols reported ,  Saints WR Marques Colston is active today . Spot on RT @greggrosenthal NFL victim of own success . Vastly increased interest in offseason over last decade  more fan anger over lockout . Tom Brady declined to turn over his phone to Ted Wells ,  per the report . Surprising as it is ,  one source said today he believes Packers WR Davante Adams could play Sunday vs Dallas . I think he goes ,  source said . Some Saturday morning snowstorm reading for those that missed it yesterday .   RT @100pctMambo @AdamSchefter team may need a police presence to keep cable from knocking someone out @ halftime  !  Bengals announced they signed HC Marvin Lewis to a one year contract extension ,  running through the 2016 season . Tom Brady at Media Day ...  Tim Tebow has found work during the lockout . Tebow is now taking snaps as the pitchman for Jockey . Best part of Ezekiel Elliott dropping appeal is that ,  unlike Tom Bradys case ,  it will not linger over two seasons . One is more than enough . Eagles said DB Marlin Jackson ,  who was injured during today's practice ,  has a ruptured Achilles tendon . Awful ,  just awful . Rams TE Lance Kendricks underwent arthroscopic knee surgery and is missing OTAs . He didn't ,  @vitostellino . He has standing offer that ,  if he does ,  he will donate that money to the Oakland Unified School District ,  too . While he remains interested in returning to Denver ,  LB DeMarcus Ware also is leaving door open to play next season in Dallas ,  per sources . Bad news for Miami  . Historically NFL hasn't disciplined people when law enforcement has determined there's isn't enough evidence to proceed with a case . Happy holidays to all   a little Christmas Eve and Day reading for football fans this week's 10 Spot . With Andre Ellington out ,  Cardinals start RB Chris Johnson . Rookie RB David Johnson also will get some work in Johnson  Johnson backfield . Packers plan to release RB Christine Michael ,  league sources tell @FieldYates and me . Raiders GM Reggie McKenzie said CB DJ Hayden underwent abdominal procedure last week to have scar tissue removed . Last week ,  No . 1 pick was traded ,  and No . 2 pick now could be dealt . There is interest in the pick ,  one Browns source acknowledged today . Miami has not reported any minority interviews to NFL Dolphins not in compliance with Rooney Rule and can't offer deal to Jim Harbaugh . WR Jeremy Maclin and Eagles have reached agreement on a one year deal ,  per source . RT @mortreport No surprise but Bengals will place CB Leon Hall on IR after he tore his Achilles on Sunday . Significant loss . Good TV night . RT @bhofheimerespn Gruden QB Camp show w TCU's Andy Dalton at 7p on ESPNU . Brady 6 doc is on at 8p on ESPN . Reps for Titans RB Chris Johnson and sprinter Usain Bolt trying to set up a race between the two men to determine world's fastest human . Due to knee injury ,  Lions RB Reggie Bush is not expected to play today vs . Washington . He is expected to play next week . Your College Football Playoff  . RT @mschauf63..@AdamSchefter Is it true that Mangini's making all the rookies walk to camp carrying his new office furniture  ?  Another reminder of what Rex Ryan thought   and wrote on the ESPN Tour Bus   as far back as training camp . Dolphins claimed tight end A.J . Derby off waivers from Denver . Buffalo's EJ Manuel and Ryan Fitzpatrick already on hot seat . Their teams won't hesitate to turn to backup QBs ,  Kyle Orton and Ryan Mallett . Baltimore gets back one rookie . RT @espn Terrence Cody of Baltimore Ravens passes test ,  cleared to practice    . Dallas now projected to be NFL high 31 million over salary cap next year . One NFL exec called Dallas' cap situation in 2014 a train wreck . DT Anthony Hargrove will speak today at 3 pm ouside NFL offices . He has some important information to share ,  said his agent Phil Williams . Bills and CB Terrence McGee have agreed on a restructured contract . More on Denvers decision to start QB Paxton Lynch ...  Chargers WRs Travis Benjamin and Mike Williams ,  both listed as questionable for todays game vs . Dallas ,  both are  . Expanding on @skjensen report ,  Lions sign former Titans LB Stephen Tulloch to one year ,  3,250,000 deal ,  including 1.8 million gtd . Reserve your spot on the couch and set the DVR  the Official Super Bowl Start Time is 629 p.m . ET . #letsgetitstarted . After 14 seasons with Indianapolis ,  Clyde Christensen is leaving to become the Miami Dolphins' offensive coordinator ,  per a Colts source . Let's hope this is the last remarkably quiet Sunday until ... oh ... mid February . Exactly who I'd have do halftime of next season's Super Bowl in New Orleans Rihanna and Coldplay . Anyone got any better suggestions  ?  Most QB sacks or hits the past 4 seasonCam Newton        531Ryan Fitzpatrick   272Alex Smith           257 Joe Flacco           254 . Former Patriots wide receiver Randy Moss is scheduled to fly to San Francisco today to work out for the 49ers on Monday . Not many teams have suffered two back to back ,  season ending losses as tough as Wisconsin the past two tourneys ... Congratulations ,  Duke . RT @NFLFanHouse Dez Bryant's mom ,  Angela ,  tells FanHouse's Thomas George that Jeff Ireland owes her an apology    . Browns do not plan to use their franchise tag on running back Peyton Hillis . He is expected to be an unrestricted free agent . More moves in addition to Brandon Marshall for Chicago QB Jimmy Clausen is re signing with the Bears ,  per source . One of my favorite people in the league   an all time great guy . RT @gags00 Berry Calls it a career  . Nice  !  First few days of NFL free agency are like shopping at Neiman Marcus . But from that point on ,  it's like shopping at Target . In the teams first kick since cutting Roberto Aguayo ,  Bucs' K Nick Folk had an extra point blocked . Kicking woes continue . From box of official NFL ball Wilson notes that air retention is feature of bladder and to avoid inclement weather . More info on 49ers DT Aubrayo Franklin deciding to sign his franchise tender and reporting to work . Filed to ESPN 49ers reached agreement on a one year deal with wide receiver Randy Moss . James Harrison's agent ,  Bill Parise ,  said his client wants to play in 2014. Harrison is training in Arizona . Parise said he expects interest . And so it begins  . If NFL does match Steelers vs . Patriots in Thursday opener ,  PITT would be without Le'Veon Bell and NE would be without LeGarrette Blount . And now ,  with Mike Mularkey landing the head coaching job in Tennessee ,  the HC hiring season is over . Dolphins placed transition tag on Olivier Vernon . Vikings WR Jerome Simpson is being suspended 3 games ,  per a league source . Bucs make it official ,  announce they've hired Lovie Smith as their HC . Five year deal ,  with team option after four years . Bengals re signed OT Andre Smith to a three year ,  18 million deal that includes 8 million this year . Packers RB Ty Montgomery turns 24 years old today . Not much better than having your birthday match up with NFC Championship Game . RT @espnnfcnblog Filed to ESPN Packers WR Donald Driver signed a two year extension . Now signed thru 2012 ,  when he will be 38.More incentive  we think  Shoney's is offering Peyton Manning all the free pancakes he can eat every day if he signs with the Titans . Checking out of hotel and heading to airport   and Saints fans still are in the lobby ,  partying . Know they're not the only ones . The 2013 Pro Bowl will be played Sunday ,  Jan . 27 at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu ,  Hawaii . And after the Adrian Peterson report from @MarkBermanFox26 ,  that's almost a wrap on what has to be most embarrassing week in NFL history . This might change soon RT @AndrewMason Surprised #McKelvin isn't a trending topic yet  ... Jacksonville has contacted former Jets OC Brian Schottenheimer about becoming its offensive coordinator . A three hour NFL Schedule Release Special on ESPN at 7 EDT tonight . Good sign for KC tonight Road teams this season are 46 45. Last time road teams above .500 this late  ?  Week 6 of 2000  45 41 0  ,  per Elias . A blow for the Broncos special teams Denver placed rookie safety Darcel McBath on injured reserve and signed veteran S Vernon Fox . Vikings left guard Nick Easton fractured his right ankle . Chick fil A stand in Mercedes Benz Stadium to be closed on Sundays ,  per @darrenrovell ...  Colts placed RB Ahmad Bradshaw on IR   done for season . RT @MartyCooke Curtis Johnson at Tulane . What does that mean for that program  ?   ...  It means Tulane is fortunate to get him . Good coach . Ahmad Bradshaw ,  neck surgery ,  out for year . 2012 HOF class is Jack Butler ,  Dermontti Dawson ,  Chris Doleman ,  Cortez Kennedy ,  Curtis Martin and Willie Roaf . No WRs . Agree with picks  ?  RT @MaryKayCabot Browns have agreed to terms with Raiders DT Desmond Bryant . Falcons WR Roddy White is nursing a high ankle sprain that will make it challenging for him to play today vs . Saints . One more look on why Eagles could win it all   the last note  . Cleveland's other 1st RD pick ,  Justin Gilbert ,  was late for team meeting last night and is expected to be inactive today ,  per league source . Teams with toughest remaining schedules                Opp W L PctChargers 42 19    .689Rams       38 23    .623Raiders    36 24   .600Three candidates linked to the Seattle Seahawks GM job Arizona's Steve Keim ,  Philadelphia's Tom Heckert and San Diego's Jimmy Raye . There's why the Jets and Bears have asked permission to interview Ravens OC Gary Kubiak . Rams placing franchise tag on CB Trumaine Johnson ,  per source . Craig Sager's sparkly Valentine Day's tie   wow . Where do they get those ,  other than out of Elvis' closet  ?  Peyton Manning has been benched for Curtis Painter . And the playoff picture in the AFC could be altered for it . WR Antonio Bryant's deal matched the one that WR Laveranues Coles.signed last year with the Bengals   same contract numbers . Anyone that likes NFL training camp better visit this summer . It's hard to like the chances that there will be training camp in 2011.please  !  One of the saddest stories I've ever read ,  a sendoff to our former ESPN colleague ,  Leah Siegel . May she rest in peace . RT @TVGugs @AdamSchefter Is Nnamdi really on the market  ?  And if so ,  would the Pats make a move  ?  ... Would be stunned if Raiders traded him . Chicago Bears signed DL Jamaal Anderson to a one year contract . Giants CB Terrell Thomas said that ,  after his most recent knee injury ,  he now hopes to play again in three to eight weeks . No surprise Jaguars RB Maurice Jones Drew and QB David Garrard are active and starting . Steelers LB LaMarr Woodley signed a lucrative contract with Pittsburgh this morning . Proof    . As for speculation that this could be the final season for 36 year old QB Carson Palmer and the 32 year old WR Larry Fitzgerald ? Well ... Before MNF ,  Seahawks QB Russell Wilson talks about his admiration for Saints QB Drew Brees ...  NFL Films' Greg Cosell said on The Herd the two best NFL players this season have been Houston's J.J . Watt and Cincinnati's Geno Atkins . Just completed chat at ESPN.com ,  with lots of questions on Jeff Fisher ,  the Packers ,  the Steelers and some CBA . Lions QB Matthew Stafford now will have to play rest of season with a glove covering dislocated thumb and torn ligaments ,  per source . RT @ProFootballTalk Phillip Wheeler agrees to terms with Dolphins ,  per league source . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . FWIW ESPN's Chris Broussard reports all indications are that LeBron James will announce tonight he's signing with the Miami Heat . Multiple people believe a Moss to Minnesota deal is moving closer to happening ,  but no trade expected to go down tonight . Weds is target . Haynesworth's agent Chad Speck Albert did not assault this man and looksforward today in court to refute these ridiculous allegations.Rex Ryan said Tyrod Taylor will start at QB in Buffalo's second preseason game Thursday night vs . Browns . RT @realfreemancbs dude ,  go to a neighbor's house  !   ...  Massive power outage . No one around me watching . So now locked out blacked out . #KnowThemFromAdamFormer Chiefs GM John Dorsey on what he's learned since KC let him go ,  plus listeners questions  . Kawika Mitchell said it better than me . RT @KaMitchell55.Here we go baby  !  Time to get this thing started . Let's go Buffalo  !  Stand as One  !  Former Redskins RB Clinton Portis will announce his retirement at a press conference on Thursday ,  Aug . 23 at 230 p.m . ET at Redskins Park . RT @AshokaESPN Wow  !  RIP Michael Clarke Duncan . Jets bring back another of their former CBs ,  reaching agreement with Antonio Cromartie ,  per source . Cromartie Revis teamed again . Panthers traded WR Kaelin Clay to the Buffalo Bills ,  per source . And @ClaytonESPN reports Dolphins give Mike Wallace a five year deal worth up to 65 million . Less than zero RT @jakeytorres @AdamSchefter what's the chances crabtree sits ,  then ends up being drafted by the 49ers again next year  ?  ESPN's Thursday night edition of Monday Night Countdown now on the air . Eagles announced they have signed TE Evan Moore to the 53 man roster . There's a WR needy team in Top 10 that has a higher grade on Mike Evans than Sammy Watkins . Doesn't mean it takes him over Watkins ,  but ... And so as we see from the Elvis Dumervil saga using a fax machine still pays . One more intriguing storyline for the week ...  RT @mikerodak Doug Marrone has 3 day escape clause in contract  . John Elway introduced as Broncos new Exec . VP of Football Ops today . Joe Ellis' title changed to President   with ultimate responsibility . This is called a sneak preview ,  a coming attraction  . RT @jeffduncantp Saints ready to move on wo Brown so possible 3rd rounder isn't bad comp . Great deal for Skins . Dolphins' free agent QB Matt Moore is back in Miami today ,  visiting with the team he knows well ,  per source . Alvin Kamara walking to locker room . Made it . Easily . RT @MTHenderson @AdamSchefter what about stephan logan  ?  Washington signed defensive lineman Terrell McClain ,  defensive lineman Stacy McGee ,  safety D.J . Swearinger . Giants added S Will Hill to their roster and placed CB Aaron Ross on IR . Bills' OT Seantrel Henderson is facing a four game suspension for violating substance abuse policy ,  per NFL source . Under appeal . Start the celebrating in New Orleans . First round pick Malcom Jenkins contract will be agreed to tonight ,  and he is likely to report Monday . freedom . How bout this The NFL's greatest coach ,  Vince Lombardi ,  shares a birthday with the greatest QB . RT @LadyBlue7318 Joe Montana is 54 today . Former Falcons pass rusher Dwight Freeney scheduled to meet with and take physical Tuesday for Seahawks ,  per source . There were 730 accepted penalties through first 3 weeks ,  the highest total in league history ,  per Elias . Previous record was 716 in 2005.Pierre Garcon posted on his FB page he's signing with Washington . Alabama RB Eddie Lacy ,  who missed combine and ALA Pro Day due to hamstring issue ,  will work out for teams April 11th . Bills and Rogers Communications have come to an agreement to terminate the Bills Toronto Series . Two days before their game against Miami ,  the Bills signed former Dolphins LB Akin Ayodele . Eagles also signed tight end Garrett Mills . The Eagles had been carrying only two tight ends ,  and Mills also can play some fullback . Tim Tebow fans take note Broncos extended QB Kyle Orton's contract one year through 2011. More coming at ESPN.com . RT @showFLOCKAtime u cover da NBA 2 ?  Lol  ...  When I get news ,  I share it . This is a smorgasbord . But I try to stick to football.RT @GLi23 Whoever is with a Kardashian wins a championship .  First Reggie Bush ,  now Lamar Odom .  Who's got dibs on Kourtney  ?  Tune in to Monday Night Countdown tonight for a hugely impactful story from the tremendously talented Tom ...  Saints announced they agreed to terms with DE Kenyon Coleman and QB Luke McCown on one year deals . Chargers have requested an interview with Dolphins DC Vance Joseph for next week ,  per source . Redskins placed OT Morgan Moses on IR . Packers announced they have re signed CB Jarrett Bush . Patriots announced that they have placed LB Brandon Spikes on injured reserve with a knee injury . NFL Live from today Time for camp.Six teams   OAK ,  KC ,  DET ,  CHI ,  CAR ,  IND   have asked to interview Browns ST coach Chris Tabor and Cleveland has denied permission on Tabor . IT just told me HR confirmed to them that I have not been fired  whew . Now they need to figure out how to re activate my Iphones and laptop . Andrew Luck limited at practice today with what Colts say is a right shoulder injury ... More guessing fact that there's no Vick signing today could mean he will be joining one of eight teams playing tonight . 3 season ending injuries already Eagles LB Stewart Bradley  knee  ,  Panthers DT Maake Kemoeatu and Bengals TE Reggie Kelly  Achilles . Ouch . Talks between NFL and officials for new deal have broken off . NFL has advised all teams it is now working to hire replacement officials . Stories seem to follow the Jets RT @mortreport  Somebody doesn't like the Jets as league investigates complaint  . Filed to ESPN  1  Denver and Jets have encountered hangup in language in Tim Tebow's contract that could nullify trade . Some top players left Friday Myles Jack ,  Derrick Henry ,  Reggie Ragland ,  Braxton Miller ,  Connor Cook ,  Christian Hackenberg ,  Tyler Boyd . About Shanahan to Florida speculation He prefers to coach in NFL ,  but as he constantly says ,  You always keep your options open.David Beckham retiring after this season . Oooo RT @espn Utah Jazz's Mehmet Okur tears Achilles tendon ,  ends season    . Here's one reason Michael Vick is headed to Pittsburgh Bruce Gradkowski dislocated his left finger and is having surgery today ,  per source . RT @drhoades140 Are colts done until they find a new qb or will collins finally get it together  ?   ...  Not their year down year in Indy . Sounds like the roof at the Metrodome is in peril   it's in worse shape than Brett Favre . On June 2 I'm running @BBChallengeHP benefiting @BestBuddies . Your support would be appreciated . Donate at  . For the first time in a game since 2009 ,  Tom Brady had zero targets to his tight ends . Never was being traded ...  RT @taniaganguli Good sign for Texans WR Andre Johnson was at NRG Stadium yesterday ,  sources said . RT @MarkdominikESPN This may be the first year since 2007 that a rookie QB isn't starting week 1 of the NFL regular season . TitansOilers founder and owner K.S . Bud Adams ,  Jr . passed away from natural causes at his home this morning in Houston ,  team announced . Former NYG HC Tom Coughlin is interviewing today with the Jacksonville Jaguars ,  per league sources . Jaguars off and running . #KnowThemFromAdamRams WR Robert Woods on his recent success ,  whether its sustainable ,  and answers for listeners  . Anquan Boldin active ,  Steve Breaston inactive . Averaged 2.7 yds per carry RT @KCCUB1206 do you really see him impacting any team he goes too . He did not seem to have any explosion in KC . NFL exec Troy Vincent told AP he expects league to hire as many as 17 full time officials for start of 2017 ...  A warm welcome  !  RT @ProFootballHOF Go East ,  Adam  !  @AdamSchefter starts ON THE ROAD TO CAMP tour in Canton  !   A linchpin of the Legion of Boom going nowhere ...  Nominees and Stuart Scott ENSPIRE Honorees Announced for the Third Annual Sports Humanitarian of the Year Awards . I'm not as confident they'll make the playoffs as Richard Seymour . RT @ReyLopez What are your thoughts about the Silver and Black  ?  Mitchell Trubisky now will start his first NFL game one week from tonight vs . the Vikings . RT @ESPNFrontRow Sport In Its Purest Form . Texans RB Arian Foster ,  asked if he'll be ready for the regular season opener vs the Chargers on Monday Sept . 9 Yeah ,  Ill be ready.With teams allowed to speak to agents of prospective free agents at midnight ,  NFL sent a memo to all 32 teams remind  . Uncovered by @criscarter80 ,  this is jarring on many levels . For what it's worth   and apparently ,  quite a lot   the Raiders now have the highest paid kicker and punter in NFL history  same deals .Joint NFL NFLPA statement  . Funny RT @RapSheet RapSheet Game on Patriots have added former Jets player Danny Woodhead to their roster  . Clock is ticking Chargers have from Friday 4 pm to Wednesday 4 pm to trade Vincent Jackson ,  with him missing four games . Otherwise ,  6 games . Final Sunday headlines of the season on ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown are interesting ,  to say the least . Coming right up ... Broncos traded FB Peyton Hillis ,  a 2011 6th round draft selection and a late round 2012 pick to Cleveland for quarterback Brady Quinn . Panthers beefed up their defensive line some with a former Colt . San Diego Union Tribune reports Chargers HC Norv Turner will be fired at end of season and GM A.J . Smith could join him . In today's Twitter ticket update ,  2,000 SB XLV attendees in temp seating sections will receive face value ticket refund or free SB ticket . And the Broncos ,  who also have spoken to the Eagles ,  are not expected to trade for Asante Samuel ,  according to Denver sources . Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said today that Tony Romo will be back against Tampa. That's week 10 ,  after 2 4 Cowboys host Seahawks ,  Eagles . A little primer for Sunday's Patriots Giants game Since start of 2008 calendar year ,  Giants are ONLY NFL team the Patriots have NOT beaten . RT @MikeReiss Bill Belichick tells 98.5 The Sports Hub in pre game interview that Wes Welker will not play tonight . Anyone on Facebook ,  please check out The NFL on ESPN. Worthwhile . Quality read on Tiger . RT @richarddeitsch ESPN's @MacGregorESPN delivers the goods . Love the opening graphs here  . More Manning info ...  RT @mortreport Peyton Manning medically cleared to resume NFL career ,  per sources . More coming on ESPN now . Packers have signed NT Ryan Pickett to a long term contract extension through the 2013 season . Good morning Twitter Nation . Usual am drill every day since March change baby ,  feed baby ,  play with baby . And once she naps ,  work out time . 49ers have traded TE Derek Carrier to Washington for a fifth round pick ,  a trade @mattbarrows suggested was in the works . TE help for Wash . Before I leave here ,  I have to find   and will find   old friend Southeast Jerome . Hits keep coming Now Jaguars' 7th round pick ,  DE Jonathan Woodard ,  has suffered season ending injury ,  tearing his Achilles ,  per source . NFL season that starts in controversy ... ends in controversy . Today is the 40th anniversary of Secretariats 31 length victory in the Belmont Stakes ,  clinching the Triple Crown . To be determined down the stretch . RT @zambo66 @AdamSchefter who gets his fourth MVP ,  Peyton or Brett  ?  There it is . Vikings RB Adrian Peterson is returning to team and is expected to play Sunday ,  team announced . Rams reach agreement with former Eagles S Quintin Mikell on a four year deal . Texans gave Neil Rackers a two year ,  4.1 million deal that includes 350,000 guaranteed . But he'll have to win job to earn his money . Many NFL teams pitching in ...  OK ,  @steelers fans ,  ESPN wants your Terrible Towels photos for ads #ESPNFR bit.lypZbqJQ . RB Jamaal Charles has left the field on a motorized cart after an apparent injury ,  per reporters at Chiefs practice . When Mike Shanahan spoke to the Pittsburgh media ,  he made it very clear that he will be coaching in 2010. Let the speculation begin ... Bills WR Percy Harvin ,  placed on IR Saturday ,  scheduled to undergo knee surgery this week Harvin intends to resume NFL career next season . Drew Rosenhaus said DT Jurrell Casey's 4 yr ,  36M deal that includes 20.5M gtd makes him highest paid player on the Titans . Who said Miami has no receivers  ?  Last week Davonne Bess went over 100 receiving yards ,  today Greg Camarillo went over 100 receiving yards . An incredibly memorable Michigan day . RT @StephSteinberg Our last walk to the Big House as undergrads  . Bruce Arians makes it official Cardinals S Tyrann Matthieu is out today vs . Vikings due to a shoulder injury . Former Ravens safety Bernard Pollard told ESPN's @JosinaAnderson that he agreed to a one year deal with the Titans . Back to something lighter and cheerier RT @jeffgrove GrudenQB show reairs at 3am east coast for anyone wanting to tivorecord . RT @jemelehill Mike Ditka on Monday Night Countdown Dedication without talent is a daydream . Talent without dedication is a nightmare.RT @joebriggsesq the #30for30 should be shown at every opportunity to parents and kids considering a career in this sport . @speedbydupree . Would be something ,  wouldn't it  ?  RT @pinkfrizzy Bet nobody ever thought they'd see Brett Favre hooking up with Walker again . Dolphins kicker Dan Carpenter is out Sunday vs . Bills and Miami is signing former Bengals kicker Shayne Graham to fill in . Lions do not plan to play WR Nate Burleson on Sunday vs . PITT despite fact that he is practicing and feels recovered from broken arm . Former NFL QB weighs in RT @15miller For record Dez Bryant would have carried Michael irvin's pads . He earned it . Roy Williams  ?  Cmon now  !  Turns out trade involved another pick In trade today for Randy Moss ,  Minnesota also got back a 7th round pick in 2012 from New England . Patriots QB Tom Brady injured ankle during practice Friday ,  when he rolled it on the foot of one of his OL . Not an issue ,  per source . Interesting how Braylon Edwards ,  who hasn't been convicted ,  is getting ripped and Vincent Jackson ,  with two DUIs ,  is getting sympathy . Browns didn't talk with any QBs at Combine ,  not just Johnny Manziel ...  NFL announced Eagles Cardinals game on Sunday ,  Dec . 20 has been moved from 100 pm to Sunday Night Football at 830 pm . WR Terrelle Pryor is signing a one year deal with Washington  ,  per sources . From @Edwerderespn and me signs point to Cowboys releasing DeMarcus Ware . RT @adbrandt Tebow had 6.2M salary advance in 2011 ,  5M left on advance ,  Broncos want money back from NYJ as per assignment of contract . Jaguars OL Branden Albert announced his retirement from the National Football League . Eagles WR DeSean Jackson missed the Eagles team meeting Saturday morning   didn't show . Now he will be inactive today . RT @SkottyPayne how good does that cutler trade look now den 6 0 chi 3 3 orton 9 1 cutler 11 10 td int ratio . Plus den owns chi's 1st rd pk . Bills linebacker Kawika Mitchell has asked Buffalo to release him ,  and they could reach an injury settlement early as today . RT @espnmacmahon Cowboys just sent out media availability for today . Wade Phillips press conference is still scheduled for 4 p.m . Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski will be active tonight ,  per source . His first action of 2016 season . The new College Football Playoff Top 6 rankings  . Lions plan to work out work out WRs Steve Breaston and Laurent Robinson ...  RT @DanielSamona Will free agency start tomorrow if deadline not reached tonight  ?   ...  No FA ,  no trades ,  no anything till there's a new CBA . Decent chance . RT @LDUtheCoach any chance the lions pull off an upset this week  ?  They lost by 8 @ WAS last year and are much improved . RT @ItsJustMovies What is the current word on Austin Collie  ?   ...  Unlike ruled out players ,  at least he made the trip ,  so he's in play . Suspended DT Anthony Hargrove claims the audio released Monday of him saying ,  Bobby ,  give me my money ,  was not his voice . NFL notified teams today that it expects this year's salary cap to be between 140 and 143 million ,  at least 1.5M higher than projected . Chip Kelly's camp has reached out to 49ers to express interest in their HC opening ,  per league source . 49ers likely to at least consider it . Broncos RB Willis McGahee will undergo an MRI on his knee Monday but once source said he feels good and doesn't think it's serious.Words of wisdom from @BenjaminSWatson . Black Eyed Peas kicking off season in style . Great show ,  which is no surprise . NFL does these things right . Never gets old ...  RT @ESPNNFL Baby Andy Reid and Baby Coach Ditka win Halloween  &gt  . Colts LB Ernie Sims underwent an appendectomy last night and will be out a couple weeks ,  according to Colts HC Jim Caldwell . Vikings are trading MLB Gerald Hodges to 49ers ,  per source . For what it's worth ,  two unnamed Vikings expect Steven Strasburg to sign with Nationals by midnight . We'll see . Anything's possible . Former Jets QB Geno Smith scheduled to take his physical with Giants this weekend ,  and if it goes well ,  he would sign Monday ,  per source . Who knew that @OGOchocinco will celebrate his 32nd birthday on Revis Island with @revis24 on Saturday  ?  !  ?  Wonder what Revis will get him ... Rams will wear a commemorative decal on their helmets this season in memory of HOF DE Deacon Jones . Browns starting QB Cody Kessler vs Cowboys on Sunday . When I start my training camp tour next week ,  I'm going to tweet a few notable observations from each stop . Be on lookout . Bengals placed first round pick John Ross on IR with a shoulder injury . In three games ,  the ninth overall pick in t  . Deshaun Watsons expected to be sidelined 8 9 months ,  per source ,  though Watson returned from ACL tear last time in 5 months hope for same . Highly troubling . RT @ESPNNFL Giants RB David Wilson suffered a injury to the neck area during practice . Tom Coughlin called it a burner.Michigan softball player provides ultimate gift to her sister on National Donor Day  . Great trivia question this morning for your friends Who are Jerraud Powers and Jacob Lacey  ?  Colts starting CBs in charge of Moss and Welker . RT @Seahawks X rays were negative on OT Russel Okung's ankle . Pete Carroll described it as a legitimate sprain . MRI is next step . Cam Newton officially out Monday night vs TB Derek Anderson starts . RT @DamageInc33 define unworthy . Didn't work hard  ?  Didn't overcome injuries  ?  Didn't win  ?  You're unworthy  !   ...  Don't get sarcasm ,  do you  ?  Broncos' FB Andy Janovich ankle surgery ,  will go on IR . And the new NFL year isn't supposed to start ,  officially ,  until Tuesday at 4 pm ... Stuart Scott and his poise ,  courage and inspiration from one short year ago   . Rams are unlikely to pick up fifth year option of former 2014 second overall pick Greg Robinson ,  per source ,  though no decision final yet . Browns also parting ways with their now former general manager Ray Farmer ,  as @RapSheet reported . Cleveland changes underway . Lions cut linebacker Julian Peterson today . Lockout benefit Finally had chance to watch The Fighter. Very good . Boston makes movies Goodwill Hunting ,  Mystic River ,  Town . Impressive . And @mortreport reports Stanford's Pep Hamilton is a leading candidate to become Andrew Luck's director of offense for Indianapolis Colts . Rams QB Marc Bulger did not clean out his locker . Rams equipment men did ,  just as they cleaned out everyone's locker at end of year . Initial diagnosis on Texans rookie RB DOnta Foreman is torn Achilles with an MRI on Monday to confirm ,  as @McClainonNFL reported . Steelers released running back LeGarrette Blount ,  the team announced today . RT @DenverBroncos Broncos war room had special visitor today   @BrianDawkins   and presented him with framed jersey . Bucs claimed S Devon Hall off waivers from the Indianapolis Colts today . RT @Sorensen90 How is it when everyone wants to play   owners ,  players   they cant get a deal done  ?   ...  The 9 billion question . Falcons are hiring Kyle Shanahan as their OC ,  per league source . Shanahan and Dan Quinn planned to be package deal . Jets making wholesale changes to defensive coaching staff today ,  per league sources . Jets tried to coax Fireman Ed out of retirement  but not to play CB  . If Redskins hadn't signed Rick Lovato ,  their backup long snapper would have been QB Colt McCoy . Would have loved to have seen that . Ohio St . CB Gareon Conley Rape allegation 'not true' ...  Cowboys are 3 3 this year after going 8 8 in each of past 2 seasons . And in the last 10 years ,  the Cowboys are 9 9 vs the Eagles . Raiders' owner Mark Davis reaffirmed his team plans to play next two seasons at Oakland Coliseum ...  Holding out of training camp today ,  a 6th straight day ,  triggered a 275,000 fine for Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch under terms of CBA . Marshawn Lynch is planning to end his holdout and is expected to report to Seattle's training camp in next 24 hours ,  via @caplannfl and me . Eagles and former Bills CB Leodis McKelvin reached agreement on a two year contract . Worth remembering Drafted players can visit their new teams for media interviews up until last second of draft . Players could leave NYC . Can I go back to sleep yet  ?  Nah ,  I'm headed to Ravens early today . Some housekeeping re signingsRavens re signed their long snapper ,  Morgan Cox.Titans re signed fullback Quinn Johnson . Can't say Mike Tomlin didn't do his part ...  How reworked deals for Brady ,  Roetlisberger and Manning Bros . could make it easier for Ravens to tag Flacco  . Vikings announced they have deactivated RB Adrian Peterson . Due to a bulging disc ,  Giants defensive end Mathias Kiwanuka was declared out of Sundays game vs . Chicago . Scary injury . Proof nice guys don't always win Texans appointed injured tight end Owen Daniels a captain for today's game . Madden NFL 17 reveal is at 6 p.m . ET on SportsCenter . There have been so many Sundays dedicated to talking about ,  and watching ,  Peyton Manning . Fitting that news about him breaks on a Sunday . Steelers sign former Jaguars defensive lineman Tyson Alualu ,  per @JFowlerESPN . Former top 10 pick gets two year deal with contender . Jon Beason and Panthers have agreed on 5 year extension for 50 million with 25 milion guarantee   highest paid Inside LB in NFL history . NFL training camp longevity king ? The Packers ,  who return to St . Norbert College in DePere ,  Wisc. ,  for the 53rd consecutive summer . Miami's messy . @ArmandoSalguero reports Dolphins GM Jeff Ireland will return in 2012 ,  Tony Sparano will not . Sparano told no decisions made . Might soon be time for popcorn . Terrell Owens agent Drew Rosenhaus said there is one team that is very interested in his client . Appreciation to @SactoRick3178 @taramanis @bigge3021 @InsidedaGates @joeytick @Chained2fate @bricesdad @TDAVENPORT88 @bethg40 @NFLMocks . Steelers have not yet decided which QB will start Sunday at Baltimore ,  per league sources . It is expected to be a true gameday decision.Patriots WR Chris Hogan ,  who has missed the last four games with a shoulder injury ,  will play tonight vs . Miami Do  . While Calvin Johnson is inactive ,  Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford is starting . Ravens QB coach Hue Jackson is scheduled to travel to Chicago tomorrow morning to interview for the Bears offensive coordinator job . RT @gx5 @AdamSchefter you're Mr . NASCAR  ?  Really  ?  This whole time ,  I thought you were an NFL guy . &lt  I try to be a man of all people . Jaguars did not activate WR Dede Westbrook off IR by todays 4 pm deadline to play Sunday vs . Bengals ,  so hes out . Likely active next week . RT @MacGregorESPN Haynesworth wins new deal as spokesman for Pantene Pro V ,  the conditioner so light it's like no conditioning at all.Six Points Final games in St . Louis and San Diego tonight and Sunday ? NFL preseason schedule due later today . Regular season schedule comes later this month . Mike Tomlin said today that Ben Roethlisberger will practice tomorrow and the plan now ,  barring any setbacks ,  is to play him Sunday night . Filed to ESPN Colts safety Bob Sanders has a torn biceps tendon and is out indefinintely ,  if not for the season . With Raiders' safeties injured ,  team is re signing safety Taylor Mays ,  per source . Mays considered signing with Seattle ,  too . Boy ,  Michael Sam has been a really big distraction this season ,  don't you think  ?  Patriots' 1 million fine is biggest team fine in NFL history . Bucs believe RB Doug Martin suffered a torn labrum that could end his season ,  as @MikeGarafolo reported . For those who missed it ,  ESPN story posted 5 hours ago about Alex Mack's agreement with Jaguars ...  RT @markschlereth Champ Bailey just told me that his brother Boss had Bowe in FF last week . Champ said bench him ,  Boss said no way . 0 pts . Dolphins owner Stephen Ross pledges 1 Million to rebuild and recovery efforts in aftermath of Hurricane Irma . After 13 years with Seattle ,  director of pro personnel Will Lewis is leaving the Seahawks . Five Texans in concussion protocol and unlikely to play Thursday night vs Bengals ...  Statement from Chiefs Chairman & CEO Clark Hunt regarding 2015 Negotiating Period RulingToday we were ...  Play ball . Redskins WR Pierre Garcon  foot  ,  S Brandon Merriweather  knee  expected to play Michael Turner will play Julio Jones game time decision . Tough economy and Chargers have struggled so far . RT @jeffwartman @AdamSchefter How could THAT game almost not sell out  ?  RT @ProLinkSports Amidst painful reminders from Darrent Williams' murder trial ,  I'm remembering Damien Nash ,  who died 3 yrs ago today . Playing in California appeals to Josh Norman.49ers have loads of cap room.Just saying ... All Pro LT and future NFL Insider . Former Cowboys DT Josh Brent will meet with Roger Goodell by end of next week in effort to gain reentry to NFL ,  per his agent Peter Schaffer . Seahawks placed G Max Unger on injured reserve ,  released CB Kennard Cox and had LB Leroy Hill re instated by the NFL . Kudos Redskins partnering with Diageo   a leading beer and wine company   to fly medical supplies ,  personnel ,  and clothing to Haiti . Proof as to what one GM said this week ,  when he remarked ,  We're all just guessing anyways ...  What a weak excuse RT @Rodneyh37 This account doesn't belong to Rodney Harrison but everything posted here was taken from interviews he made . Last week alone was pretty darn close . RT @goldendome1 @AdamSchefter Favre has never had a perfect game actually . And it's official OT Jeff Otah did not pass his physical with the Jets and now reverts back to the Panthers . RT @judybattista Pitt based business that markets Big Ben Beef Jerky is terminating its five year relationship with him today . Now one year deals starting to pile up ,  showing the free agent market has shifted from shopping at Saks to shopping at Filene's . Falcons are signing former Redskins and Bucs safety Dashon Goldson ,  per source . Packers activated RB James Starks from the physically unable to perform list and released LB Robert Francois . Tests confirmed a torn Achilles for Jets CB Dee Milliner ,  per source . While he mulls his choice between NY and Minn. ,  LaDainian Tomlinson now is flying back to San Diego ,  free to think it through . Ravens' WR Breshad Perriman does not have a torn ACL and will be fine for the season ,  per source . Received stem cell injection today . Louis Delmas to Miami dolphins . Ex Dolphins Oline coach Jim Turner ,  involved in last year's controversy ,  has issued report to counter Wells Report . Thanks @CTrahan623 @WYOMusicMan @CharlieTB @vinson06 @dgcarolina @trefaaborg @PHocks81 @D69Nasty @AnneThemmick @jeffhusted @countrydarts . Steelers plan to use their franchise tag on S Troy Polamalu after this season if the two sides can't come to a long term agreement first . Don't remember listening to tennis on the radio ,  ever ,  until today . That is one tough play by play call   and listen . Can anyone remember a better playoff run than Marshawn Lynch's  ?  Ever  ?  49ers LB Ahmad Brooks will not play vs Giants after his 40 year old sister ,  Casandra ,  died of Lupus ,  per Brooks agent Greg Williams . RT @ItsMeBigJC What's the great story behind it  ?   ...  Too much for 140 character . Google Brian Banks and see . Broncos DL ,  1st Lt . Ben Garland ,  will be officially sworn in as a member of the 140th Wing of the Colorado Air National Guard on Wednesday . While the golf world goes bonkers ,  it's the quietest football Friday in a long time . A great day to do my taxes . RT @jschmeezz23 chances @TeamVic gets extension this yr  ?   ...  Impressive how some people keep quiet ,  do job . Good things usually follow . RT @korykozak Story of Andy Murray's hometown of Dunblane ,  Scotland and how a win at Wimbledon can help them heal  . For first time in NFL history ,  there are now daily conditioning test updates . And they're filled with drama . Wonder how Kendra Wilkinson feels about living in Indy as opposed to Philly . Frank Bauer ,  agent for Logan Mankins ,  told @mortreport that he and his client never have made any financial demands as a named plaintiff . Alabama DT Jarran Reed is off board to Seattle ,  and Green Room now empty . All draft invites have found new NFL home . DA now expected to announce his decision in the Tom Cable case closer to 630 pm eastern . That settles that . RT @CBSSportsNFL Frazier says Favre is his QB and will start Sunday . J.J . Watt tells Houston to stay safe Glover Quin concerned for family ...  RT @NolaAtif Think Sharper's knee surgery will slow him this season  ?   ...  Should be ready . But microfracture on any veteran is unsettling . Former Bills RB Karlos Williams ,  who worked out for Jets ,  also recently worked out for Steelers ,  per source . Sounds like NFL might make an announcement today as to when the 2010 regular season schedule will be released  my guess is Tuesday .Football must be near . First official 2014 NFL yearbook ,  the Chicago Bears ,  is out  courtesy of @gamedayhq.  Not only did Bucs pick up 2 year option in HC Raheem Morris contract ,  but they picked up 1 year option in GM Mark Dominiks contract . The story of Joe Maio that will live forever ,  produced by the great @DomGoodridge . One source said NFL discipline czar Ray Anderson is one of league'stop front office candidates could be a fit as a President in Oak or Jax . American Pharoah   wow . Some at 8 ,  some 4 RT @15miller Wow is all I'm going to say about the DA's report in Milledgeville . Ben may easily get 4 game suspension . RT @giantspathanlon Coughlin said Steve Smith with partial tear to his pec is week to week . Isn't this week ,  probably isn't next week . A classy goodbye from the classy former Steeler Aaron Smith ...  This could be last regular season home game for Colts WR Reggie Wayne ,  who turned 36 last month and will consider retiring after season . For the first time in 50 years ,  the Raiders will make their draft picks without the input of the legendary Al Davis . Browns LB Jamie Collins has a torn MCL and is out for season . Steelers' 31 point defeat was their worst since they lost by the same margin at Cincinnati in Week 2 of 1989. John Wooten ,  chairman of Fritz Pollard Alliance ,  endorsed Seahawks hiring of HC Pete Carroll . Wooten said Seahawks in compliance with RR . Adewale Ogunleye and Bobby McCray are working out with the Texans tomorrow . Falcons director of player personnel Dave Caldwell is in Jacksonville today for his third interview for the Jaguars GM job . Interesting to see Jaws' QB Countdown starting today . Tebow at #30. See the Countdown each day on SC ,  NFL Live & NFL32.Aqib Talib too intoxicated to remember what happened in Dallas shooting ,  report says ...  Jon Gruden QB camp on ESPN U right now   Gruden and Jake Locker . Superb . As usual . Bills officially announced Rex Ryan  is their new head coach . Big names on board for Sat USC QB Matt Barkley ,  Syracuse QB Ryan Nassib ,  South Carolina RB Marcus Lattimore ,  Michigan's Denard Robinson . If Philadelphia wins ,  it's the No . 2 seed ,  and Dallas will be going to Minnesota . RT @mortreport ... Sean McDermott named Eagles' defensive coordinator . Signed a 2 yr deal . Please pray for Jim Johnson & family . Amen to that . Redskins QB Kirk Cousins is signing his franchise tender Thursday morning . Wasting no time . Raiders only wish the tuck rule would have been changed a lot sooner than this . Minnesota and NE plan to complete the blockbuster trade that will send Randy Moss back to Vikings on Weds ,  according to multiple sources . Help could be on way to Pittsburgh . OT Flozell Adams' agent told ESPN's Calvin Watkins that his client is visiting the Steelers . RT @JasonRomano Check out this great story of how Leonard Pope saved a 6 yr old girl from drowning this weekend . Washington Redskins announced that they have named A.J . Smith as a Senior Executive . Broncos announced QB Trevor Siemian will start week 3 of preseason vs . the Rams . Advantage ,  Siemian . Buccaneers lost another RB Antone Smith suffered a knee injury Thursday night that is expected to end his season . So Favre made up his mind . As they say on Saturday Night Live ,  Really  ?  REALLY  ?  Seen this show before ... For the love of Mike Martz Week 4 featured a combined total of 7,886 passing yards ,  the second most in a single week in NFL history . Darrelle Revis can argue he is the NFL's best CB . Jets can argue Revis has three years and 21 million remaining on his rookie contract . Common reaction..RT @mdelaet FYI.my friends and I used to plan an entire Saturday just for Draft . Like a SB party since it is like SB in KC . After throwing 5 TDs in Week 17 last season ,  Matthew Stafford has just 5 TD passes this season and has yet to throw more than 1 in a game . Last Cowboys QB not named Romo to start a playoff game Quincy Carter in 2003 Wild Card at Panthers ,  a 29 10 loss . one . Officials assignments for this weekend have come out Mike Carey and his crew assigned to Seahawks Rams . RT @McClainonNFL Texans have reached an agreement on a five year contract with CB Kareem Jackson ,  their first round pick from Alabama . Edwards . Browns last won a game exactly one year ago today . Their quarterback was Johnny Manziel . Already ruled out for Sunday Colts TE Jack Doyle ,  Jets RB Matt Forte ,  Giants RB Paul Perkins ,  Eagles DT Fletcher Cox . A postcard from Foxboro and Patriots camp ,  along with what might be some interesting Tom Brady news . Tweets pouring in about when schedule is being released . To which I say ,  please tweet NFL spokesman @gregaiello . He works there . He knows . 49ers announced their new HC is Chip Kelly . The way this is going ,  Johnny Manziel is going to be there at No . 16 for the Dallas Cowboys to have to make a decision on . Buccaneers announced that they have signed defensive end DaQuan Bowers . Back to Tampa . What is it with Cowboys and reality shows  ?  Deion has one . Michael Irvin had one . T.O.'s next . Please don't tell me Tony Romo is on deck . Eagles 3rd round pick ,  Oregon St . center Isaac Seumalo ,  trained in southern California pre draft with his new Philly teammate ,  Carson Wentz . Check that Vikings and Browns last teams with HC openings . Mike Zimmer meeting with Vikings today . Jim Caldwell hired in Detroit . NFL security determined between 22 and 27 defensive players on the Saints ,  as well as at least one asst . coach ,  maintained a bounty program . years  !  RT @SeanMack5 Any update on Ryan Mathews for us Schefter  ?   ...  Expected to play ,  Mack . No truth to the rumor that the Napa Police Dept . has been sent to Raiders game to investigate . Interestingly ,  Tyler Eifert injured ankle that now will have surgery at this year's Pro Bowl . Could cause him to miss opener ,  per source . RT @SIPeterKing Steve Sabol to begin radiation for brain tumor . It's time for a ton of email support . Write now Sabol.nflfilms@nfl.comHeisman Trophy winner Derrick Henry will enter the NFL draft ,  sources told ESPN's Joe Schad . Love this ...  One of the best parts of new CBA all first round picks signed by Aug . 4. No reason for first round picks to hold out very long anymore . Steelers signed running back Knile Davis to a one year contract . WR Percy Harvin is active . Friday 10 Spot Why Vick and Kolb will be in Philly in 2011 ,  plus other NFL news and nuggets . If   and it's a big if   but if Brad Childress winds up as Miami's OC ,  don't be surprised if Dolphins make a play for Donovan McNabb . Dallas is signing veteran RB Ronnie Hillman ,  per source.A sense could be indication of concern over NFL decision on Ezekiel Elliott . Delisa Lynch ,  the mother of Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch ,  took to Facebook again and wrote I am a fan of football ...  Unconfirmed eyewitness sightings of Michael Vick in L.A. ,  at FOX offices ,  interviewing for Paula Abdul's old job . RT @NFLprguy Goodell tells Pro Bowl selectees they'll still get full Pro Bowl share even if their team's in Super Bowl . Former Browns LB weighs in . RT @ericbarton50 Suspended me from what I retired a month ago . GODell is now suspending retired players  ?  wow  !  Fresh out of court ,  Judge Berman still pushing for settlement . Says sides scheduled to appear back in court Aug . 31 if not settled . Filed to ESPN There's a new running back in Washington . Redskins reached agreement with RB Larry Johnson on a three year deal . And one more WR on an expiring contract Baltimore's Torrey Smith . Some WRs will be re signed but no way all will . About two plus weeks ago ,  Junior Seau at USC's Spring Game  . Six Points @mortreport and I hit STL ,  CLEV ,  PHIl ,  TAMPA ,  MIA ,  Romo ,  Manning in first edition of our joint column . That smoke out of the Vatican chimney ,  that mean that a Darrelle Revis trade is near  ?  Our country . Our history ...  RT @chicago510  Any truth to the rumors that GM Kokonis is out in Cleveland  ?  &lt  We've been working this for hours and have no confirmation . Dollars and sense   which is it  ?  RT @darrenrovell1 ESPN's Chris Mortensen says moving the Cowboys big HD screen would cost 2 million . Referee John Parry will lead a seven man crew of game officials for Super Bowl XLVI . Bengals TE Tyler Eifert is in LA ,  deciding whether to undergo a 3rd back surgery that would end his year ,  sources tell @FieldYates and me . Cards in good spot w OT Branden Albert . Draft deep with OTs ,  AZ proved last season it's adept at procuring good value . Cards won't overpay . In his return to New England ,  Randy Moss caught one pass for eight yards . Denver learned from last year vs . Balt ,  when it ran ball to try to kill clock . This year Denver let Peyton Manning throw . Aggressive . Right . Former Rams HC Steve Spagnuolo ,  who spent Monday interviewing with Colts ,  is scheduled to meet with Saints in New Orleans on Wednesday . I say we put Donovan McNabb ,  Michael Vick ,  Kevin Kolb and A.J . Feeley in a room and ,  you know ,  see what happens . Friday 10 Spot Pennsylania's struggles with Steelers and Eagles ,  plus other NFL nuggets . NY Giant DE Jason Pierre Paul signed 5 year deal worth 20,050,000 with 11,629,807 guaranteed . Lions haven't drafted a Pro Bowl player in the past 5 drafts . No player they drafted in 2010 2011 is on their roster today . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Statement from former Eagles WR DeSean JacksonFirst I would like to thank the Eagles organization ,  the Eagles ...  No team tried to sign Steelers RFA WR Mike Wallace to an offer sheet and ,  with deadline to do it Friday ,  it is not expected that one will . Bills defensive coordinator Jim Schwartz will not return to Buffalo for 2015 season ,  a league source told ESPN's Adam Caplan . NFL announces Redskins RB Silas Redd suspended the next four games for violating the NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . others . Does time go fast or what  ?  One year ago today ,  Michael Jackson died at the age of 50.Eagles and former Bills T Demetress Bell agree to terms on a five year deal . RT @bgizle haynesworth considered a big trade  ?   ...  I will tell you what two Redskins people told me He is NOT getting traded.The QB that the Steelers are expected to sign to practice squad is Tyler Palko ,  the former Pitt QB who was with the Cardinals last summer . Can't believe what I just heard Call on New York sports tall radio saying Tom Coughlin should retire .  What have you done for me lately ?  Despite lingering concerns about his health ,  Cardinals' HC Bruce Arians plans to return for 2017 season ,  per sources . Oh goody . Look what just came in the mail ...  Jags signed 3rd rd Bryan Anger last night ,  meaning Justin Blackmon is their last unsigned pick . His deal not expected to be done before camp . Blows for Bucs TB HC Raheem Morris said G Davin Joseph  broken foot  and S Cody Grimm  broken fibula  suffered season ending injuries . Robert Kraft says Patriots will not appeal discipline against his team ,  reluctantly . Tom Brady's appeal of his 4 game suspension will go on . Interestingly ,  the offer sheet that NE signed PITT RFA WR Emmanuel Sanders to is for one year . Steelers will have five days to match . RT @MightyOx There' a better chance of the Easter Bunny paying fine than Revis .  ...  Wrong . He'll be held to it . But big deal softens blow . Not many guarantees in life but here's one Patriots will not go quietly in night . League had its say Patriots will have theirs . Now here's how to write a feature ... The great @JRMoehringer on Alex Rodriguez ... Worth every minute ...  Smart On ESPN.com ,  Mel Kiper Jr . and Todd McShay each have elevated Oklahoma QB Sam Bradford in his mock draft to the No . 1 overall pick . Part III Be GRATEFUL for what you have TODAY . Thank yu in advance for all your well wishes today.Lions did not sell out and now will be blacked out in local television markets  Metro Detroit ,  Lansing ,  SaginawFlint and Toledo .RT @EaglesInsider Per Andy Reid ,  Eagles WR Jason Avant suffered concussion on block that helped spring DeSean's game winning TD . Mitchell Trubisky's ascent to first team work puts Bears QB competition at new level ...  team . RT @JosinaAnderson Stanford Routt's agent William Vann McElroy told me ,  Stanford already has visits planned with Buffalo and Tennessee.If Von Miller gets suspended the Broncos could go after 116th of his signing bonus . Which would  860,812.Upon further review ,  here's how crazy the 1st round was 16 of the 32 1st round picks were owned by more than one team at some point . Our line of work knows no holidays   off to work now . RT @sportswatch I have worked every Thanksgiving since 1985 and happy to do so . Kudos to some deserving people . RT @KimJessupESPN Sports emmys tonight Best Daily studio show goes to @PTIShow ,  nice job guys . Cardinals' LT Jared Veldheer needs surgery on partially torn triceps ,  per source . Veldheer had this surgery before and missed 10 weeks . Chargers announced they re signed G Chad Rinehart SD also did not tender former Michigan G Stephen Schilling ,  who now will be a UFA . Bears TE Zach Miller ,  foot injury ,  will not return . Chargers RB Melvin Gordon ,  listed as questionable with a knee injury ,  is expected to play Sunday vs Chiefs ,  per source . One day after Chicago released him ,  DE Mark Anderson will sign with Houston . Anderson and Texans LB Demeco Ryans were teammates at Alabama . How's this  ?  Never a good sign when you're traded twice in an off season without having played a game . Hope DT Orien Harris rented in St . Louis . Steelers WR Sammie Coates will test fractured finger pregame to see if he can play . Steelers promoted WR Cobi Hamilton from PS as precaution . Rams' RB Todd Gurley is inactive today ,  per source . Rams always have targeted Week 3 vs . Pittsburgh as an ideal time for Gurley to debut . Bills GM Buddy Nix today is announcing that Buffalo is moving forward with plans that do not include LB Aaron Schobel . One more vet sent packing   Packers have released LB Jeremy Thompson due to medical concerns . Seahawks not expected to trade for Vikings DE Jared Allen now . One source said the Seahawks have decided to not actively pursue him . Broncos have decided to officially place RB CJ Anderson on IR ,  per league source . With Aaron Hernandez expected to miss at least one month ,  with Kellen Winslow having visited NE earlier ,  Patriots are expected to sign him . Forget the SI cover jinx . I've now praised Alex Mortensen and Kyle Orton   and watched each get picked seconds after my Tweet . I'm lethal . RT @NickSpano With Abe Elam a FA and Brett Ratliff already cut ,  Browns ONLY have C Alex Mack left to show for the Mark Sanchez trade . Redskins change 22 year old safety Su'a Cravens' mind about retiring for now . NFL has wrapped up its conference call on how to handle Sunday's Bucs Dolphins game no decision yet . Hard to envision game played in Miami . Many scoffed when I praised Andrew Walter . Now  ?  The team that thought Randy Moss wasn't finished has given another former Raider a chance . Permission for Darrelle Revis to undergo Bucs physical never would have been granted if NYJ and TB couldn't work out trade . So there's that . Filed to ESPN Dallas traded WR Patrick Crayton to San Diego . Chargers get another receiver that they could use . RT @NFLprguy Bills 2 wear these retro unis next 914 v Pats Titans as Oilers again 927 v Jets as Titans of NY . Junior Seau active for the Patriots ... Michael Vick the Eagles #2 QB . QB Sam Bradford's Pro Day on Monday will be The Most Important Pro Day since ... since ... QB Tim Tebow's earlier this month . ESPN's NFL Power Rankings ,  with Falcons at No . 1 Brother in law saw Hangover and the reviews are in he's upping his weeklong Vegas trip to a month . After reviewing play in question ,  NFL will not fine Bengals LB Vontaze Burfict for his hit on Ben Roethlisberger ,  per agent Audie Attar . The next week could define the NFL for the next decade   and beyond . Filed to ESPN Suspended former Saints DC Gregg Williams already has met with Titans and is on verge of becoming Tennessees assistant HC . RT @JeffLegwold Broncos say they were aware of Von Miller's arrest Sunday on a failure to appear . Arrest at gun club near Broncos complex . No surprise Browns downgraded RB Peyton Hillis  hamstring to Out on theirSaturday injury report . Saints HC Sean Payton will file appeal today . Appeal will also ask for Commissioner's guidance on suspension parameters . One of the great days of every year Draft Day . 12 team OGBA draft @ 5 pm 16 team ESPN War Room League draft @ 8 pm . Coming after Berry  !  For the first time since being diagnosed with non Hodgkins T lymphoma in 2014 ,  Texans' OL David Quessenberry took the practice field . Vikings WR Percy Harvin is inactive and RB Adrian Peterson is active . NE with some notable cuts Patriots released veteran DL Tommie Kelly and Will Smith ,  along with vet LB James Anderson ,  per league source . Hard to argue this . RT @WhitlockJason Damn Izzo is sick . Sick . Best coach in basketball at any level . Phil Jackson can't hold his jock . Draft weekend came and went with Seattle holding on to CB Richard Sherman and New England holding on to CB Malcolm Butler . No big CB trade . Add another wideout to the Vikings . RT @espnnfcnblog Sidney Rice I'm going to play    . Seattle's Russell Wilson awarded 222,000 pay for performance bonus from rookie performance pool   more than half his 405,000 base salary . Darrelle Revis is scheduled to be at the Jets training facility tomorrow to sign the deal . Numbers likely to be a team ,  but not NFL record . Jets WR Brayon Edwards is expected to play a significant amount tonight against Miami . Filed to ESPN Tampa Bay plans to hire Rutgers coach Greg Schiano as the next Buccaneers head coach . Two sides trying to finalize contract . Falcons HC Dan Quinn said he expects Atlanta RB Tevin Coleman to play Sunday in Denver ,  even with sickle cell ...  Funniest athlete tweets of the year  and there are some doozies ...  For the first time in a month ,  the NFL and the locked out officials are meeting today ,  trying to see if they can resol  . Even harder to argue this . RT @richarddeitsch Respectfully ,  must go with Geno Auriemma at No . 1.T.O.'s real reality show starts tomorrow . Bills rookies AND veterans report to camp . Bills veterans are first in . Tomorrow . Smell pigskin . This Pete Carroll to the Seahawks story is even juicier than Brett Favre to the Vikings . Welcome aboard ,  Ross RT @RossTuckerNFL Thrilled to announce I have joined the team at ESPN.com  !  My first column & podcast will be up today . Seattle Seahawks have declined to exercise guard James Carpenter's fifth year contract option for the 2015 season ,  the team announced . JJ Watt underwent sports hernia surgery with Dr . Meyers in Philadelphia ,  per source . Tennessee cut P Reggie Hodges and claimed P Brett Kern on waivers from Denver ,  meaning he went from an unbeaten team to winless team . Ezekiel Elliott now with 1,005 rushing yards ,  along with a run at Offensive Rookie of Year and NFL MVP . Former Packers S Charles Woodson is scheduled to arrive in Denver today and visit with the Broncos on Wednesday . RT @BernardGoldberg Headline in NY Post re terrorist with bomb in his underpants  GREAT BALLS OF FIRE  ...  that pretty much sums it up ,  no  ?  Negotiating through Twitter ...  RT @tennesseetitans Titans GM Ready to make CJ NFL's highest paid RB  . So Jets get WR Jermaine Kearse ,  a 2nd round pick and a 7th round pick.Seahawks get DL Sheldon Richardson and a 7th round pick . Colts WR Blair White inactive . RT @jw11873 Enough on Brees ,  what about Forte  ?   ...  Met with him today ,  will run on SportsCenter . He's optimistic there'll be a deal by Mon . Not a good sign for Jaguars HC Mike Mularkey Jacksonville's assistant coaches given permission today to speak to other teams about jobs . Victor Cruz speaks out after racist graffiti found at teammate's home . Ryan Fitzpatrick deal also includes another 3 million in incentives ,  which could boost value to 15 million ,  per source . Buccaneers and Bengals free agent DE Michael Johnson in serious discussions.Good move Steelers announced that Director of Football Operations Kevin Colbert has signed a five year contract extension with the team . Mardi Gras starts Thursday . In other words ,  why bother going to work at all this week in New Orleans  ?  Packers gave CB Sam Shields a 4 year deal for 39 million ,  including a signing bonus 12.5 million ,  per source . Beginning to look a lot like football season ...  RT @NFLprguy After tonight ,  the next Thursday without an NFL game will be Christmas . Gerald McCoy and Bucs reach agreement on five year deal . Paging Mr . Suh . Roger Goodell still is uncertain if there will be a Pro Bowl this season but if there is ,  it will be played in New Orleans or Hawaii . Once again cycling & raising money for @bestbuddies . Please help me reach my fundraising goal . Every donation counts . Colts announced they signed former Chargers wide receiver Vincent Brown . LB Manti Te'o agrees to two year deal with Saints . To clarify Leonard is a safety ,  but he will become a fan favorite and be cheered the way Chrebet the underdog once was . Three teams having early conversations with Giants free agent WR Mario Manningham SF ,  MIA ,  BUF . RT @BusterESPN Feel badly for Jim Joyce An umpire who cares . This'll become Exhibit A why baseball should have already had broader replay . And as my friend @mortreport points out ,  a big Twitter welcome to @dolphinsrb34 ,  better known as Ricky Williams . Packers' regular starting offensive line will be together tonight against Detroit for just the second time this season . Interesting fact to come out of weekend cuts Carson Palmer and Jordan Palmer are Bengals first  and second string QBs . Bills' ,  Ravens' ,  49ers' rookies all report to training camp ... today  !  Here we go . Marty Schottenheimers life facing Alzheimers ,  via @MichelleBeisner.About seven Cowboys' position coaches were at Ohio St . today ,  working out players such as Joey Bosa ,  Ezekiel Elliott ,  Cardale Jones . Watching Jets game with Herm Edwards and he reminded me of a great point   Jets drafted Leon Washington with the pick they got for Herm . Only thing worse than watching NFL injuries is watching them in the preseason . That's a waste ,  @SurvivinAmerica . No news is good news for Cowboys OT Flozell Adams . If he hasn't been suspended by now ,  he's not expected to be suspended this week . week . On ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown from 10 1 ,  make sure to watch off the charts O.J . Brigance feature and Frank Caliendo's Rex Ryan imitation . One of the great voices of football history ,  Pat Summerall ,  has been silenced . RIP . Chiefs announced on Thursday that the club has signed free agent LB Justin Rogers ,  a former Dallas Cowboy . NFL upheld the suspension of Vikings S Andrew Sendejo . Beast Mode and Sendejo out this Sunday . RT @RSherman25 Media Day was a blast  !  From Eagles G @EvanMathis69 Ravens have offered a nice deal . I'm flying back to Arizona to think about it and discuss it with my family.RT @NFLonTheHill I never thgt Bruce Allen would be bigger name in DC than his brother  former Senator George .  Smart move by Dan Snyder . Denver and New England are dealing . Denver just acquired DE LeKevin Smith from the Patriots . Don't know terms but know Broncos needed D help . As @mortreport reports ,  NFL pulled replacement official from Saints Panthers game after ESPN notified it that he was a New Orleans fan . Flying out of NY and landing in Memphis   where one can fill out as many NBA DFS rosters as he wants   is nothing short of liberating . Steelers WR Martavis Bryant is facing 4 game suspension for violating Substance Abuse Policy ,  per league sources . Suspension under appeal . Jaguars 1st round pick Jalen Ramsey underwent surgery to repair meniscus in right knee ,  but expected to return by training camp ,  per source . And now the Eagles officially have reached agreement with former Titans quarterback Vince Young on a one year deal . Many have asked what happens to draft order in 2012 if there's no season in 2011. League has not yet discussed this possibility nor decided . No more MV spec RT @TomPelissero Childress said Vikings are not interested in WR T.J . Houshmandzadeh right now . Focusing on younger options . If the Rams wind up hiring the 30 year old Sean McVay ,  he would become the youngest HC in NFL history . Lane Kiffin was 31 when hired . RT @OGOchoCinco @terrellowens How come Favre isnt a attention whore but we get hell for having fun but he makes spectacle about coming back . Broncos are scheduled to interview former Bills HC Doug Marrone on Saturday and Ravens OC Gary Kubiak on Sunday ,  per source . Dolphins traded RB Jay Ajayi to Eagles for a fourth round pick ,  per source . While Patriots celebrate another AFC East title ,  Aaron Hernandez is due to appear in court this afternoon in the murder case against him . Everyone feels the same about such a sad story . RT @MikeSilver Thoughts and prayers to the Philbin family in Green Bay . Horrific . Rex Ryan hasn't informed any QB of any choice ,  but sounds like Tyrod Taylor has some mounting support . Rex knows how tough he is to defend . Steelers signed 6th round pick Antonio Brown to three year contract that included a 73,075 signing bonus . And mark this down Tony Dungy is right . Vick will have a new team in the next five days . Signing is coming down . Just don't know where . RT @heirdog Lots of speculation that u hv inside info and that's why u drafted helu .  ...  Wanted Hightower ,  but he was gone . Got leftovers . Bears announced that they placed QB Jay Cutler and RB Matt Forte on injured reserve . In Baltimore ,  hell yes . In Pittsburgh ,  hell no . RT @rotoe31 @AdamSchefter is Hines Really that dirty  ?  Safely . Chiefs announced they released tight end Kevin Boss and wide receiver Steve Breaston . Is this right  ?  Arnold Schwarzenegger said he had a child with one of his household staffers  ?  OK ,  now the separation makes sense . Jets gave former Cardinals DC Todd Bowles a 4 year deal to be their HC ,  per source . MRI ,  CT tests performed on Lions LB Zack Follett tonight at Hackensack Mdcl Ctr were negative . Follett has feeling ,  movement in extremities . Tom Brady missed practice Wednesday because of a knee injury . Rob Gronkowski was limited in his return . Hope this answers the tweets and doubts DE Dwan Edwards officially signed his four year ,  18 million deal this morning with the Bills . All four AFC division winners have been determined . None of the NFC division winners have been determined . More debate about LaDainian and the Jets . RT @espnafceast Is Tomlinson worth it for the Jets  ?  Y E S  !    RT @fSTARb @AdamSchefter Aside from Peyton Manning being a FA ,  who do you think is the next best FA  ?   ...  Mario Williams ,  Vincent Jackson . A deal still not final ,  but Jaguars RB Maurice Jones Drew and Raiders are expected to agree later today on a three year deal ,  per sources . Matt McGloin being taken to locker room . Connor Cook now at QB for Raiders . Friday 10 Spot on Saturday Who is more worthy of Comeback Player of Year ,  Peyton Manning or Adrian Peterson  . By naming Blaine Gabbert starter ,  49ers costing themselves 1 win this year ,  per FPI now have best chance  30%  to claim No . 1 pick in draft . Was told this afternoon that Peyton Manning's neck had been bothering him the last FOUR YEARS . Sheesh ,  really hindered him ,  huh  ?  Colts S Melvin Bullitt ,  Bob Sanders' replacement and Indy's special team captain ,  is out for season with broken bone in his right shoulder . Bears officially ruled out QB Jay Cutler for Monday night's game vs . GB . Congratulations to William Floyd HS senior Kwasi Enin ,  of Shirley ,  L.I. ,  who applied and was accepted to all eight Ivy League schools . Atlanta Falcons are open to trading up in draft ,  per league sources . Falcons are first team known to be willing to go up . Seahawks WR Sidney Rice tore his ACL and is out for year as @ProFootballTalk reported . No ,  it's not true . Indianapolis has not called me to play defensive back . Most people don't expect a decision on the temporary stay from the 8th circuit . I'm not one . Have a sense we'll get a decision this week . Bears agreed to terms with head coach Lovie Smith on a two year contract extension that keeps him with the club through 2013.At No . 179 ,  Dallas drafts Notre Dame OT Sam Young . #nfldraft . 49ers signed G Leonard Davis to a one year contract . From @mortreport Bucs will give consideration to reaching back to past ,  bringing back a Rich McKay Lovie Smith tag team . Titans announced they agreed to terms with former Chiefs K Ryan Succop ,  and also waived K Travis Coons . For Seahawks' GM John Schneider ,  game at Green Bay is a homecoming . Cardinals WR John Brown ,  listed as questionable due to quad injury ,  is expected to play Sunday vs . Eagles ,  per source . Saints GM Mickey Loomis said his team has good visit this week with RB Joe Mixon ...  Filed to ESPN Browns reached agreement with OT Joe Thomas on a 7 year ,  84 million extension with roughly 44 million guaranteed . More on possibility of Matt Schaub following Kyle Shanahan to SF to be starter ,  backup or just bridge QB ...  Now this VH1 is canceling Chad Johnson's reality show 'Ev and Ocho' from its schedule and has no current plans of airing it . Broncos ,  Von Miller agree to 6 year ,  114.5 million deal . And the Houston Texans now ,  officially ,  are on the clock . #1pick . Had this debate this am with @tunasweasel . No real answer . Good RBs harder to find ,  good WRs win you leagues .  Marshawn Lynch is impossible to understand ,  but beloved by teammates . A deeper look by @jaysonjenks  . Redskins announced they have re signed tight end Vernon Davis . Eagles rookie 4th round pick Donnel Pumphrey tore his hamstring in practice and is out indefinitely . Now a Dallas coach is texting that if Wade Phillips has been fired ,  he and other assistants don't know it yet . It's not much ,  but it is a sign of their state of mind Dolphins are concerned about Ryan Tannehill's left knee injury ,  per league source . Think about this Had Vincent Jackson been traded to Minnesota last month ,  then Randy Moss still would be in New England today . Know @mortreport will find this interesting Giants put in a waiver claim for their former G Mitch Petrus ,  who was awarded to Tennessee . On ESPN's Mike and Mike ,  Baltimore QB Joe Flacco said Ravens defense this summer has looked dominant.Jets and John Idzik still working through details according to source but two sides finalizing deal . Idzik will be Jets GM ,  as expected . Chiefs signed RB Bishop Sankey off Patriots' practice squad . S Troy Polamalu and RB Willie Parker both officially active for the Steelers . WR Limas Sweed is not . Jags HC Mike Mularkey said @JonesDrew32 is out Thursday night vs . Colts . RT @Pound303 why would shanny go anywhere  ?  Isn't he due 14 million still for the next 2 years  ?  Why go anywhere  ?   ...  Sound logic . Charles Woodson and Marcus Allen are only players to win Heisman Trophy ,  AP Rookie of Year ,  AP Player of Year and Super Bowl during career . Redskins deactivated Rex Grossman ,  meaning rookie QB Robert Griffin III's backup will be rookie Kirk Cousins . Well ,  this is interesting ...  Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel ,  was pulled over by Avon police after police said a domestic argument got out of ...  Cardinals RB Beanie Wells is on target to return from toe injury and play in week 12.Chiefs had quietest ,  tumultuous off season of any team cut Charles and Maclin ,  traded up for QB ,  fired high ups a month ago ,  now fired GM . Texans to put Ben Tate on IR ,  per ESPN's Josina Anderson . Filed to ESPN Miami reached agreement with linebacker Karlos Dansby on a 5 year ,  43 million deal ,  including 22 million guaranteed . Clearly Saints left Colts feeling like change needed . This off season Colts have lost DBs Marlin Jackson and Tim Jennings and G Ryan Lilja . Steelers OT Max Starks getting a second opinion on what Steelers fear is a season ending neck injury . John Harbaugh said Steve Smith tore his Achilles and is out for the season . Could be a career   a great one . Giants S Chad Jones is being transferred today to NY Presbyterian Hospital Weill Cornell Medical Center from LSU Public Hospital . Broncos QB Trevor Siemian expected to undergo MRI  on left shoulder Monday ,  per @JeffLegwold . Broncos fear similar AC injury as last year . Were he alive ,  today would have been the 100th birthday of the great Vince Lombardi . RT @bobbydigital04 Any update on Porter's visit to DC  ?   ...  If he signs there at all ,  it won't be tonight . RT @FauxJohnMadden New stat of the day Rex Grossman threw 20 interceptions in 16 games during 06 season . Cutler has 20 in 10.5 games . John Fox and Broncos mutually agreed to part ways . Broncos WRs Emmanuel Sanders and Isaiah McKenzie both suffered right ankle injuries . X rays on both negative ,  but both have MRIs Monday . Filed to ESPN Colts and Gary Brackett agreed to a five year contract . It's on ...  Chiefs' LB Justin Houston not expected to play again in regular season ,  but is hoping to make it back in time for postseason ,  per source . Bucs Adam Humphries gives up No . 11 to DeSean Jackson to help kids ...  Redskins announced today that they have signed wide receiver D.J . Hackett and defensive lineman Michael Marquardt . Ravens rookie LT Ronnie Stanley  foot  will not play today ,  and rookie fourth round pick Alex Lewis will start in his place ,  per source . Texans QB Deshaun Watson is taking reps with Houston's first string offense at today's walk through practice . As @SIJimTrotter reported ,  Raiders have released QB Matt Flynn . Now another source says nothing has been scheduled between Seahawks and Michael Bush ,  just that Seattle very much wants to bring him in . Jonathan Vilma text to @Edwerderespn everybody was sworn in under oath in front of a judge with the risk of perjury   . RT @villair What would it take to pry Vincent Jackson away from the Chargers  ?   ...  Brandon Marshall set market   two 2's or a 1.Johnny Manziel said his trademark sign is no more . He thinks it's  time to close that chapter of his life . Now that he told his mom hes done with his segment ,  our John Clayton meets Slayer . So after visiting Colts ,  Jaguars ,  Dolphins ,  former Chiefs DT Dontari Poe winds up with the Atlanta Falcons . Bears WR Johnny Knox will replace Minnesotas Percy Harvin as the NFC's return man in the Pro Bowl . Well ,  this is interesting Bills also expressing interest in free agent CB Darrelle Revis ,  per sources . Rex does love his CBs ... Here's what happened last night Bill Belichick wanted to ask the officiating crew if the kick ,  which appeared to go o  . Washington TE Jordan Reed  rib  is considered a game time call ,  per source ,  but is more unlikely to play vs . Raiders . Let's talk in Feb . RT @Goodoleboost if Tampa has a Top 5 pick in the draft is Taylor Mays from USC a likely candidate or is that too high  ?  NFL gameday rosters will expand this season from 45 to 46 players ,  with the No . 3 quarterback no longer counting as an inactive player . Bills sent home Dennis Dixon but kept Pat White in Buffalo . White scheduled to work out for Raiders Tuesday ,  but Bills could sign him first . At least two teams ,  possibly more ,  have approached NY Jets about trading for Muhammad Wilkerson ,  per league source . Bares watching Thursday . Cowboys MLB Anthony Hitchens suffered a tibial plateau fracture in his right knee and will need 8 weeks to recover ,  per @toddarcher . RT @NotoriousOHM Reese talks to Rolle and Phillips and reiterates exploring Plaxico later this year   . In this morning's 1st half ,  Frank Gore rushed for 56 yards to pass Marcus Allen ,  Edgerrin James and Marshall Faulk on all time rushing list . Buccaneers announced former Southern Miss HC Todd Monken has been hired as teams new offensive coordinatorwide receivers coach . Eagles announced a five year deal with DE VInny Curry that is worth 47.25M ,  including 23M gtd ,  as @AlbertBreer reported . Eagles spending . Wouldn't want to play Green Bay in the postseason . Here's the lowdown on Wade Phillips and Roy Williams . Browns officially have waived QB Johnny Manziel . Opinions on last Friday keep pouring in . RT @darrenrovell1 Another poll saying speech actually hurt Tiger  . Rams announced Wednesday that the team has hired longtime NFL assistant Dave McGinnis to serve as assistant head coach . Steelers will release LB LaMarr Woodley at 4 ET Tuesday ,  designate him a post June 1 casualty ,  per source . He will be free to sign Tuesday . Colts WR Austin Collie starting in place of the injured Anthony Gonzalez . This 38 0 blowout in Denver reminds me of Sept . 18 1994 ,  when LA Raiders beat Broncos 48 16 at Mile High Stadium . Fans went ballistic . Eligible to play after Baltimores Week 10 bye  . Once again cycling & raising money for @bestbuddies . Please help me reach my fundraising goal . Every donation counts . Seahawks traded DE Lawrence Jackson to Lions for a 2011 undisclosed draft choice . Not a good sign that Pete Carroll gave up on him . RT @AaronNagler Thanks to everyone who re Tweeted my Walk for Autism Speaks link . One last time ,  here it is  . Shane Ray Statement Id like to apologize to my Mother ,  Fans and prospective NFL teams for my poor judgement ...  Giants HC Ben McAdoo Were not going to turn our back on Josh Brown . Tiger Woods press conference will be aired live on ESPN @ 11 am ET RT @BobbyBigWheel And 8 pm on NBC . One year after leading the league with 44 turnovers ,  Giants now have twice as many touchdowns  16  as turnovers  eight  this season . WR Eddie Royal agreed to terms with the Chargers . Interesting ...  RT @NathanWhitaker Jaguars are letting Aaron Ross miss some Training Camp to go see his wife run in Olympics . There's NFL Opening Day ,  Super Bowl Sunday ,  Free Agency Day ,  Draft Day . But would put Fantasy Draft Day   tonight   up with all of them . Just as everyone expected Devin Thomas and Sterling Moore would be the two heroes of Championship Sunday . All 32 teams in attendance at MSU Pro Day ,  where QB Connor Cook met with 49ers and Rams before workout ,  and met with Browns' staff after . Absolutely . Every team except 72 Dolphins has setbacks . RT @Phoenix90 @AdamSchefter are the giants still one of the NFLs elites . So on opening day ,  Cowboys are now expected to start a rookie QB and rookie RB ... As FOX reported ,  Randy Moss trade in play . Vikes Pats talking Vikes Moss are not . Deal possible ,  but not imminent ,  not at 930 ET . NFL's popularity Jets get higher TV rating in New York than Yankees on Monday night  . UCLA QB Brett Hundley ,  viewed as a potential top 10 pick ,  plans to return to school for senior season ,  per sources . Announcement this week . Bring on the Eagles ...  RT @GregABedard Aaron Rodgers in 2 games 20 of 24 ,  275 yards ,  3 TDs ,  154.0 rating . And ZERO sacks #smoking . In a short week with Thursday night game vs . Jets ,  Bills RB LeSean McCoy probably needs MRI on shoulder he injured today ,  per source . Picked 199 in 2000 worked out OK ...  Former Giants second round pick ,  CB Terrell Thomas ,  is good enough to start for most teams in league . Might wind up starting some this year . Chargers QB Philip Rivers knows just what he must do next Sunday when he leads SD into Denver to play Broncos he must wear the Bolo tie . NFLPA Given the NFLs history of inconsistency and arbitrary decisions in disciplinary matters ,  it is only fair ...  About 20 players involved in brawl at Titans camp ...  If the NFL Draft were held today ,  the Rams would have the No . 2 overall pick courtesy of the Washington Redskins . Tagging season has begun ...  Cardinals HC Ken Whisenhunt announced John Skelton as starting QB on Sunday . Redskins announced that they have signed fullback Eddie Williams to their 53 man roster and tackle Clint Oldenburg to their practice squad . In response to my earlier tweet about Jets' contact with John Fox ,  Jets officials said no interview request was made . Raiders had concerns about Saffold's shoulder Rams had no concerns whatsoever about his shoulder ,  per agent Alan Herman and Jared Fox . One week before free agency ,  Seahawks CB Byron Maxwell is making the unusual move of changing agents just before ...  Words to remember . RT @cecillammey As @adamschefter told me years ago ,  today we Contemplate ,  Appreciate ,  Celebrate . Merry Christmas  !  Dolphins DT Randy Starks signed his franchise tender today . Good morning Redskins signed RG3.The list no one wants to be on  . Steelers Dir . of Football Ops Kevin Colbert took Mike Shanahan to lunch and set him up to study tape after . Steelers beyond accomodating . When doctors operate on Cam Newton's ankle Wednesday ,  they will NOT be inserting a wide receiver . Titans FB Ahmard Hall was suspended without pay for four games for violating the NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . Washington's Brandon Moore has been suspended the first four games for violating the NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . Bengals exercised their option on TE Tyler Eifert's contract ,  tying him to Cincinnati through 2017.RT @NYPostHubbuch Chad Jones' agent says doctors are optimistic that Jones can return to football as soon as next year  2011 .A link to the great @RGIII piece in ESPN The Magazine . RT @JRMoehringer The Mag What the future holds for RG3  . Well ,  it's not Brett Favre ... But Dolphins agreed to 1 year deal with QB Kevin O'Connell . Tampa Bay's starting RB today vs Lions will be Doug Martin ,  who is back from his concussion ,  per source . Being told Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski has a chest injury   not a punctured lung   that is considered not overly serious.Stanford QB Andrew Luck ran the 40 in 4.66   a very good ,  but not RG3 like ,  time . Vikings scheduled to interview Browns DC Ray Horton for their HC job . Minnesota kicks off its HC interviews Darrell Bevell and Dan Quinn . Initial reports on Dez Bryant's 40 yard dash are not encouraging . One scout in attendance texted that Bryant clocked an unconfirmed 4.57.Panthers are giving LT Nate Chandler a four year contract extension ,  per source . Carolina really likes Chandler . Bengals using bye week for some workouts Cincy tried out LB Adalius Thomas ,  ,  and WRs Michael Clayton and James Hardy on Wednesday . Connecticut police divers are searching Pine Lake in Bristol ,  hometown of Aaron Hernandez ,  for a possible weapon ...  Raiders ,  Chargers and Chiefs fans also will really like this . Thx  !  NFL announced CB Jayron Hosley has been suspended four games for violating the NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . RT @TBabyHimself212 any more news concerning trade talks for WR Mike Wallace  ?   ...  How much more definitive could Kevin Colbert have been  ?  Lions free agent S Louis Delmas left St . Louis and is headed to San Francisco for a visit . Steelers are first team in NFL history to win a playoff game despite their opponent scoring at least 2 more touchdowns than them . Broncos have suspended wide receiver Brandon Marshall for conduct detrimental to the club . Von Miller agreed to terms . Despite a calf injury ,  Titans QB Matthew Hasselbeck will start today vs . Indianapolis . At least four teams reached out to DeSean Jacksons agent ,  Joel Segal ,  in first 30 minutes after he was relesaed . Talks ongoing . Steelers changing hotels tonight ,  Packers not . Seeking routine and consistency in how weve operated in the past ,  said Mike McCarthy . Some added help in Baltimore Ravens signed veteran DT Ma'ake Kemoeatu to a 1 year deal . Here's why the number 13 is so important to me  . Browns RB Willis McGahee will play Sunday vs . Minnesota system similar to one he played under in Baltimore . Will be challenging for WR Roddy White to play vs . Saints with his high ankle sprain ,  but Falcons convinced he's playing today . Major blow to Broncos ,  losing their top pass rusher ,  Von Miller ,  to a season ending torn ACL . This ALS Ice Bucket Challenge shows why @criscarter80 played WR ,  not QB  . From ESPN coworker Brian Wong Back in late 70s ,  pre Bill Walsh ,  my 49ers were always blacked out . My Dad and I would listen on radio.RT @jigosdeck is Jordy Nelson playing today vs Lions  ?   ...  Sure is . As @Mortreport reported ,  Bucs had to treat their facility to try to  erase any existence of MRSA ,  a serious staph infection . Pete Carroll said on conf call that @DangeRussWilson starts vs . Raiders on Thurs and in Week 1 vs . Cards . Summer of rookies QBs continues . Saints CB Malcolm Jenkins was fined 10,000 for unnecessary roughness   he struck his opponent in the head area . Steelers' WR Martavis Bryant reinstated . Dolphins are releasing LB Philip Wheeler with a post June 1 designation ,  per source . Spent all night cracking that code . Now changing title from ESPN NFL Insider to ESPN Illuminati Insider ... Flip side RT @mortreport hCG can be produced naturally however it is also on banned lists 'cause it is known agent during steroid cycling . One agent's response to fact that teams will be using restricted free agent tenders The boxing gloves are on.Browns name Austin Davis   not Johnny Manziel   as starter at QB for Sundays game vs . Bengals .  30 for 30 voice  What if I told you there was a player who could have dominated if only he could beat his demons  ?  Bengals and former Steelers LB James Harrison continue talking ,  but as one source texted ,  Does not look like the numbers will work.Redskins signed former Seahawks and Cowboys RB Christine Michael to their practice squad . Baseball commissioner Bud Selig said he will not change the umpire's call ,  it will not be a perfect game ,  live with it . Baseball . NFL Insiders 230 330pm ET on ESPN2 today . Guests Bills HC Rex Ryan ,  Bucs GM Jason Licht . 49ers claimed QB McLeod Bethel Thompson off waivers from Vikings and ,  to make room for him ,  waived QB John Skelton . Starting Friday ,  Giants can lower Victor Cruz's RFA tender from 2.879 million to 660,000. No sign yet Giants will do it . It's the day after the season ,  so let the guessing begin  my guess is yes  RT @Stall19 So is Favre coming back  ?  Eagles trade picks 164 and 194 to Miami for picks 166 and 184.agree .NFL suspended Steelers linebacker James Harrison one game for his helmet to helmet hit Thursday night on Browns quarterback Colt McCoy . Shoulder surgery for Andrew Luck ...  If Denver is going to reach rarified air you're talking about ,  defense will have to be a major factor . Surgery on Packers LB Clay Matthews broken thumb is considered likely . Bills WR Stevie Johnson and RB CJ Spiller are both expected to play today at Miami . What used to be entrance to our backyard  . Delvin Breaux ,  a standout CFL CB who worked out for 13 NFL teams ,  has reached agreement with the New Orleans Saints . Lions placed RB Jahvid Best on PUP . Busy day today for Patriots OC Josh McDaniels ,  who is interviewing for HC jobs with Jaguars ,  Rams and 49ers . AJ Green officially inactive . Needing more depth and special teams play ,  the Lions re signed LB Vinny Ciurciu . Raiders first round pick ,  WR Darrius Heyward Bey ,  is inactive one source said he has a foot injury ,  but DHB not listed on injury report . The new rookie wage scale has lowered rookie deals and amped up the NFL trade activity . Former 49ers S Dashon Goldson agreed to terms on a five year deal with Tampa Bay . Really . We're sure . Former Raiders HC Hue Jackson had been scheduled to speak to Giants this week about QB coach job . Jackson accepted asst coach job in Cincy . Browns have released CB Joe Haden ,  as @rapsheet reported . Eagles said QB Carson Wentz suffered a hairline fracture in his ribs during Thursdays game vs . Tampa Bay . Nose tackle Chris Hoke called up to do a dance in front of team . He can't touch @qbkilla . Vikes unbeaten . RT @BrantTedeschi @AdamSchefter falcons now the 2nd best team in the NFC behind the saints  ?  Or is it the vikes  ?  Lions cut CB Aaron Berry this morning . Michael Vick show on BET ,  on right now ,  is jaw dropping . Add another QB to injured reserve Lions placing Matthew Stafford on IR today . He'll have cleanup knee surgery Tuesday . NFL is suspending former Giants kicker Josh Brown six more games for domestic violence ,  sources tell ESPN . Friday 10 Spot Desmond Bishop's season saving tackle ,  GB's connections to Pittsburgh ,  Brett Keisel's beard . Big deal  . Another forecast that cannot be discounted . RT @Kid67y Don't count out Favre and Vikings in 2014.RT @DanWetzel Good story by @LATimesfarmer on Peyton Manning's off season ,  including shooting 77 at Augusta National  . Giants' owner defends decision to re sign kicker Josh Brown . Cleveland's argument ,  and a valid one . RT @MikeAmmo And Alex Mack has been to the Pro Bowl while Sanchez has a sub 55% completion rate . Three great choices . Three true pros . Congratulations to all three . Vikings tried out Redskins free agent LB Rocky McIntosh today . RT @DaveBartrom Are you happy to have something besides Peyton to talk about this week  ?   ...  Free agency starts March 13. Plenty to discuss . Alabama OC Lane Kiffin is a front runner for 49ers OC job . Colts special assistant to HC Rob Chudzinski also under consideration . RT @AlexBecerraaa no love for 9ers ,  @AdamSchefter  ?   ...  Love for the Niners . Love for the Bay Area .  Why does the Bay Area need this love ?  Jets waived former former first round pick OLB Quinton Coples ,  whom they once drafted ahead of Chandler Jones . Just reported to ESPN that OT Tony Pashos has reached agreement with 49ers on a one year deal . With Ahmad Bradshaw in Indy ,  FA RBs still include Beanie Wells ,  Michael Turner ,  Cedric Benson ,  Brandon Jacobs ,  Peyton Hillis . Broncos CB Champ Bailey did not practice today due to foot injury ,  but WR Wes Welker was full participant with ankle injury . From this am ,  Dolphins announced RB Knowshon Moreno tore his ACL and is out for season . Bucs are trading WR Mike Williams to Buffalo ,  as @JamesWalkerNFL reported . Trade is for a 6th round pick ,  pending physical . Make no mistake ,  TJack still has supporters in Vikes locker room . Some players believe he gives Vikes best chance to win . Always something . Free agent S Madieu Williams ,  who visted the Redskins on Friday ,  spent Monday meeting with the Atlanta Falcons . With Connor Cook starting at QB today and Matt McGloin serving as his backup ,  Raiders No . 3 QB  and nightmare scenario  is Michael Crabtree . The anti Cleveland trend A record 19 underclassmen went in the first round ,  breaking the previous mark of 17 in 2010.Bears are releasing RB Michael Bush ,  per source . One more RB on market . Cardinals QB John Skelton will start Sunday vs . Browns . Skelton's backup will be Richard Bartell while Kevin Kolb recovers from concussion . Sign of times Last time a running back wasnt drafted in 1st round was 1963 ,  when the NFL and AFL held separate drafts . 500 yard passing games ,  99 yard plays ,  63 yard field goals . What do we have for an encore in week 2 ? Browns elevated linebacker Titus Brown off the practice squad and released offensive lineman Scott Kooistra . Never thought of . RT @BirgerBoy Sucks for us europeans who wanna watch it . It doesn't go well with comish' desire to expand sport overseas . In regards to Shanahan telling Pittsburgh press he will coach in 2010 ,  RT @JonathanGrella Snyder on Line 1 ,  Jones on Line 2.And on his first play ,  Rex Grossman promptly is sacked ,  fumbles ,  and Lions return it for a TD . Sanchez ,  Tebow ,  & Freeman were all #Elite11 QBs . Watch @espn at 76c to see which HS QBs could 1 day join their ranks   . Bengals deactivated CB Jonathan Joseph and safety Roy Williams . RT @richarddeitsch Simply ,  one of the best things ESPN has ever done . Enjoy as a lead in to World Cup  . RT @Edwerderespn Titans now estimate QB Jake Locker should return in four to six weeks from hip and knee sprains . Time frame was 4 to 8.Raiders reached agreement with former Packers WR James Jones ,  per ESPN source . More Bengals moves Former Raiders LB Thomas Howard reached agreement with Cincinnati on a two year ,  6.5 million contract . Not Jessica's fault if the Cowboys falter this season . So if doesn't go well ,  who then gets the blame this season  ?  Josh Gordon will dispute test results ,  as @profootballtalk also reported ,  and argue they came from 2nd hand smoke . Bengals signed former Packers and Dolphins TE Donald Lee . This Broncos offense is going to be difficult for teams to stop . So many playmakers . QBs update Matthew Stafford  shoulder  is doubtful ,  and Tony Romo  back  ,  Kyle Orton  ankle  and Eli Manning  foot  are probable . Aaron Rodgers confirmed to @jasonwilde that he has a fractured collarbone . 49ers signed CB KWaun Williams to a three year extension through the 2020 season . Bills waivinginjured WR Mike Williams with a calf injury ,  per source . Williams ready to play now wants a contender . Aaron Rodgers.JJ Watt.Odell Beckham Jr.Dalvin Cook.David Johnson.Julian Edelman.Not good for them ,  their teams ,  nor the NFL . #KTFABrowns LT @joethomas73 recalls the congratulatory message he received from @KingJames . Tony Romo is 20 3  .870 win pct  during November . Among QBs with at least 15 November starts ,  only Otto Graham has a better win pct . An outstanding read about Deion Sanders from the talented @sethwickersham  . With Texans over cap ,  they used their 1.6 million salary cap credit from Redskins and Cowboys to get under it . Houston now in compliance . DA declines to filed charges against San Francisco 49ers DT Ray McDonald because of insufficient evidence ,  per ESPN's Shelley Smith . Raiders signed OL Kevin Boothe to a 2 year deal . anybody . Matthew Hasselbeck is more impressive than a lot of starting QBs in this league . Vikings HC Mike Zimmer said on ESPN's NFL Insiders that he expects Adrian  Peterson  to play Sunday.Colts gave HC Chuck Pagano a 4 year extension . How do wins compare to last year  ?  RT @ClevelandHuddle Here's a stat . Browns have 17 sacks this season in 6 games . They had 17 all last year . Bengals officially signed QB Andy Dalton to a contract extension running through the 2020 season . Feature on what a Wimbledon title from Andy Murray would mean to Dunblane will run on the 11 1 SportsCenter . Don't miss . In search of a new deal ,  Seattle safety Kam Chancellor is not reporting to training camp and will be holding out ,  per source . Bottom line Donovan McNabb preferred not to go Raiders and handpicked Redskins ,  Andy Reid said Eagles wanted to make McNabb happy.Mike Tomlin's extension no surprise . Steelers have had three head coaches since 1969. Seattle has had three the past three years . RT @writethatdown82 Wrong . It'll be over March 8  ...  Neck issues likely will linger . Will be a bit before we know if or when he can play . Seahawks free agent OT Russell Okung is finished with his Giants visit and will be on way to visit Detroit Lions on Saturday . Priority No . 1 for Bills solidify the front 7 Thus ,  DE Shaq Lawson ,  ILB Reggie Ragland ,  DT Adolphus Washington . Free agent WR Brandon Gibson is getting ready to sign with the Dolphins . Touchbacks in NFL now will be brought out to 25 yard line . So lemme get this straight ... Bengals beat Pats 7 6 and @OGOchoCinco has the game winning kick  ?  He wearing Beckham's uniform ,  too  ?  Tour . Don't think he ever asked for permission ,  @JonVilma51. Way it was told to me ,  he asked for clarification . Thanks and best to you with this . Gary Kubiak is scheduled to address the media at noon ET in the Texans Team Auditorium . Packers gave Brian Gutekunst a new deal ,  just as they did with Eliot Wolf ,  per source . 49ers GM search wide open . Lions signed former NFL vet CB Justin Miller to a one year deal . Whether Adrian Peterson plays again this year will depend on when legal case is resolved . But Vikings intend to bring him back ,  per sources . If Sebastian Janikowski remains on Raiders' roster by 4 pm EST Saturday ,  as @FieldYates notes ,  his 4M deal becomes guaranteed . Sat showdown . Now being told by another person familiar with the CBA process that there will be negotiations tonight ,  not just meetings with mediator . So much for the requested civility RT @TouchdownJesus6 Is Barack now an NFL owner or exec  ?  didnt think so . stick to the NFL ,  monkey  !  Dallas free agent DL Jason Hatcher is visiting Seattle today ,  per source . Bill Parcells told @mortreport that if the Saints asked him to be their interim HC ,  he'd be a hypocrite not to consider it . Some football fun to look forward to NFL told teams it will announce compensatory draft picks on Friday . Cardinals re signed RB Andre Ellington . Think about what Plaxico Burress must be feeling now that he is one day away from rejoining his family and being released from prison . And LB Jamie Collins inactive for Patriots . So no Collins for Pats ,  no Quinn for Rams . Big D losses . A salute to Derek Jeter ,  who turns 40 today   . RT @ZachAnderson40 Where do you now stand on the optimismskepticism scale  ?   ...  Where I've been almost all along . Not encouraged . OCNN gettin it done . RT @OGOchoCinco OCNN BREAKING NEWS my good friend Pac Man Jones maybe a Bengal by the end of the day #awesomeness . Incredible to watch Golden State go from virtually unbeatable to completely vulnerable . Of the crazy Sundays in the NFL this season   having nothing to do with football   this has the potential to be the most explosive one yet . Eligible for the Hall of Fame for the 1st time as members of the Class of 2015QB Kurt WarnerLB Junior SeauOL Orlando Pace . Clevelands new CEO Joe Banner ,  not Pres Mike Holmgren nor GM Tom Heckert ,  will have final say on whether Browns make trade before deadline . Lions kickers ,  Steelers coaches get tenure RT @MikeTanier Eddie Murray ,  Jason Hanson ... next Lions kicker may carry me through retirement . Kuper carried off field ,  and it does not look good . That's a blow to Denver's line ,  a big blow . Chiefs traded this year's 5th round pick to Saints for two time Pro Bowl guard Ben Grubbs ,  per league source . Panthers WR Corey Brown is visiting the Detroit Lions ,  per league source . Big night . Fantasy football draft . 12 teams ,  snake draft . I've got pick #2  hint ,  I like the Falcons RB . Will update how draft goes . Browns OT Joe Thomas incredible consecutive snap streak could be about to end hes hurt . Dolphins LB Lawrence Timmons reinstated today and will play Sunday versus the Saints ,  per source . Vikings TE coach Pat Shurmur now takes over as team's offensive coordinator . Steelers announced they activated LB Jarvis Jones and placed CB Cortez Allen on IR . Hitting the road . RT @Ravens Ravens are going to open 2013 season on road on Thurs ,  Sept . 5 due to a scheduling conflict with the Orioles . Suspended Jaguars WR Justin Blackmon was arrested for possession of marijuana Wednesday night in Edmond ,  Oklahoma . ESPN's Monday Night Countdown   with C'mon ,  man and all   kicking off at 7 p.m . ET . Bucs announced they have released FB B.J . Askew ,  DT Chris Hovan ,  G Shawn Murphy ,  P Sam Paulescu ,  G Arron Sears ,  and CB Stoney Woodson . Bucs RB Carnell Williams signed his tender . Bucs aslo claimed G Michael Shumard off waivers from the Broncos and waived T Robert Okeafor . RT @mortreport Jon Bon Jovi doesn't want to perform for NFL ,  he wants in the club   . The 27 semi finalists for the Pro Football Hall of Fame ,  Class of 2018  . Patriots officially released RB Jonas Gray . Oh boy RT @darrenrovell1 HUGE NEWS FOR JETS FANS . AP Jets reducing prices on 18,000 PSL's by up to 50% in effort to sellout by opening wk . Former Cardinals QB Matt Barkley is signing with Bears practice squad ,  per source . Packers HC Mike McCarthy announced RB DuJuan Harris is being placed on IR . Brady Quinn is placed on injured reserve with a foot injury and Derek Anderson now scheduled to start final two games for Browns . Marcus Mariota didn't practice again . Same MCL sprain in left knee as 2013 ,  when Mariota played last 5 games but didn't have much mobility . Some ties just feel a whole lot worse than others ... RT @OGOchoCinco @revis24 U saw movie Public Enemies that's how I'm gonna break out of Revis Island can't stay there ain't no damn McDonalds . Tests confirmed Broncos C Dan  Koppen tore his ACL ,  as @JeffLegwold reported . Browns open Day 3 and Round 4 by drafting Wisconsin LB Joe Schobert . How bout that @EricDecker87 and @PSchrags getting married same day . Two words you both need to remember Yes Dear . Broncos plan to wear their orange jerseys in Super Bowl 48.Still on the board ,  undrafted in the 7th round Boise St . QB Kellen Moore and Arizona St . LB Vontaze Burfict . Washington RB Chris Thompson fractured his fibula . Saints RB Mark Ingram ,  listed as questionable for tonights game vs Falcons due to a toe injury ,  is expected to play ,  per source . Broncos Wes Welker ,  whose four game suspension is being lifted ,  is returning to work with Denver this morning . Chatting now on ESPN.com @  . Colts WR Anthony Gonzalez has been placed on IR with the left knee injury he suffered last Monday when being tackled out of bounds . Bucs RB Doug Martin has a hamstring injury and is doubtful to return today . All signs now point to Trevor Siemian being named the Broncos' starting QB ,  per @JeffLegwold . New England reached agreement with WR Julian Edelman ,  as @MikeGarafolo reported . Chiefs reached agreement in principle on a four year deal with former Dolphins TE Anthony Fasano . Elvis Dumervil would have to wait five days from the time he terminates his agent to hire a new one . It's the NFLPA rules . Saga continues . Before the owners meetings ,  some 49ers info on a topic that will generate considerable interest this week . So to recap Jags fired their HC ,  extended their GM and are selling the team . Other than that ,  pretty quiet . Redskins announced today that they have placed tackle Chris Samuels on season ending Injured Reserve . Cover of the Sept . 24 issue of Forbes Jaguars owner Shad Khan ,  with magazine calling him the face of the American Dream.Bucs WRs Vincent Jackson and Mike Williams both active . Broncos interim coach ,  RB coach Eric Studesville ,  spent previous six seasons as Buffalo RB coach . Bills told OT Cordy Glenn they are tagging him ,  per source . Andrew Luck has not missed a snap in a game due to injury during his NFL career despite Indy's offensive line issues . Drop certificate sold for @Bestbuddies . Now first 50 people to donate 1,000 to BB get signed Tom Brady football . A warm welcome to the greatest defensive player I watched play ,  @Raylewis . Going to be a great teammate . 49ers announced Edward J . DeBartolo Jr. ,  Charles Haley and Bryant Young will serve as their honorary captains for NFC Championship Game . Jags announced Chad Henne starts again this week . RT @shadowcatsd @AdamSchefter No one can reasonably argue that Jerry Jones hasn't gone above and beyond on this issue ... The Shot . RT @SneakyCaptn @AmazingPics Priceless @drewbrees and his little man  . Before combine kicks off this week ,  former Colts S Bob Sanders is scheduled to take one more visit   to Buffalo on Tuesday . Patriots RB Shane Vereen vs . Bears S Brock Vereen in New England on Oct . 26. Brothers never have played vs . each other . And a happy 50th birthday to one of the great players in Bills franchise history ,  @DarrylTalley . Packers have placed TE Andrew Quarless on injured reserve  designated for return . Great idea Dolphins owner Stephen Ross trying to prep players for post retirement success while helping team now . Bears agreed to terms with DT Jay Ratliff on a two year contract . Jim Irsays run at Jon Gruden is another sign of state of his thinking . Irsay determined to do anything in his power to return Colts to SB . Steelers moved up 4 million from next year to this year ,  boosting Antonio Brown's base salary to 10.25 this year ,  per source . The federal mediator ,  George Cohen ,  going third person . George Cohen and Cam Newton   lots of similarities . For those that missed it . RT @richarddeitsch Here's Part One of @ArmenKeteyian 's CBS News piece on Steve McNair  . Packers WR Greg Jennings said he will undergo groin surgery ,  expects to return this season . RT @caplannfl Former anti media NFL exec Bill Polian now relishes role as talking head  . Falcons have signed starting RT Ryan Schraeder to a 5 year extension . Giants interviewed former Panthers GM Dave Gettleman for their GM job today . Giants restructured the contract of Pro Bowl guard Chris Snee ,  freeing up about 3 million . Think how much has changed in the NFL since the Eagles traded Donovan McNabb to the Redskins on Easter night two years ago . ESPN's birthday is next week ,  but today ,  exactly 31 years ago ,  ESPN went on air for first time . Here's video  . Broncos claimed guard Stanley Daniels off waivers from the Packers . Help   Ubertwitter still hasn't come back on my Bberry . Anybody else experiencing any problems and how do I get it back  ?  Mort with lowdown on the Cowboys big trade possibility . Chargers WR Tyrell Williams ,  listed as questionable for Sunday with a neck injury ,  will play against the Giants ,  per source . Steelers signed running back Jordan Todman ,  who was released by the Carolina Panthers ,  the team announced . Good morning laugh a determined dog tries to get a stranger to throw him a stick  . To answer anyone crazy enough to ask ,  supplemental draft will NOT be moving to prime time and will NOT be broadcast . So pls save the tweets . Falcons and 49ers requested permission to interview Patriots OC Josh McDaniels ,  per league source . So if Rex Ryan did get the Falcons HC job ,  any way we could get them to repeat on Hard Knocks  ?  RIP ,  Chris Henry . Tragic news . He's gone way too soon . Remember tonight Andrew Luck has a 73.6 QBR with Reggie Wayne on the field this season and a 28.7 QBR with Wayne off field . Liked him before unfortunate Nelson injury like him more now . 4th round  ?  Will always live on ...  Though Kansas State QB Collin Klein was invited to New York as a Heisman finalist ,  he is not expected to receive a Senior Bowl invite . Funeral for Sandra Hill ,  mother of @DeAngeloRB ,  who lost her battle with breast cancer last week ,  will be Saturday In Wynne ,  Arkansas . RT @Pedropt rg3&gtAndrew luck  ...  It's not the prevalent opinion ,  but you're not the only one out there who feels that way . Not making same mistake on today's drive to Pittsburgh . Bringing Onterrio Smith's Wizzinator with me . Jeff Saturday's two year deal in Green Bay is worth 7.75 million ,  including 4 million this season . Matt Hasselbeck and Leonard Marshall have pledged their brains to Concussion Legacy Foundation to support research on concussions and CTE . Steelers have lost Willie Colon and Limas Sweed to season ending injuries ,  Ben Roethlisberger to suspension and Santonio Holmes to trade . RT @davidgregory What are you looking for in game today  ?   ...  Won't be conservative like Texas . Looking for liberal offensive play ,  David .. RT @GKWookie You should give a shout out to SSG Giunta for receiving Medal of Honor .  ...  What he did ,  and received ,  speaks for itself . So these really are the new Redskins . The new patient Redskins . Panthers LB Luke Kuechly now out of game and officially in concussion protocol . Starting four defensive rookies this postseason ,  Falcons defense was dominant in first half Wilson  10 pts  ,  Rodgers  0 pts  ,  Brady  3 pts  . Bears are second team in NFL history to allow at least 50 points in consecutive games ,  joining 1923 Rochester Jeffersons  who ?   ,  per Elias . Today at the Quicken Loans National ,  Quicken Loans worked with the The American Red Cross Service to the Armed ...  Agent Drew Rosenhaus signed Arizona Cardinals RB Beanie Wells as a new client yesterday . Giants and former Seahawks CB Walter Thurmond reached agreement on a one year deal ,  per source . Good news for Jets . RT @FalconsJMoore With the Cowboys win over the Saints ,  the Falcons are now eliminated from playoff contention . NFLPA statement on Tom Brady suspensionThe Commissioner's ruling today did nothing to address the legal ...  From @Edwerderespn Ben Roethlisberger's shoulder injury still being evaluated but indications are he likely suffered a sprained SC joint . Jason Elam has had a great career . With all the teams that need kickers ,  bet he's not out of work long . But he does not excel at kickoffs . Stevie Johnson signed a five year ,  36.25 million deal that includes 19.5 million gtd and over 24 million in deal's first three years . Hunch is that ,  before regulae season starts ,  Derrick Mason will be back playing receiver for Ravens . Pro Bowl guard Brian Waters signed a 2 year deal with New England that could be worth up to 5.5 million . Life of a Vikings fan ...  Bucs QB Josh Freeman is INactive . Seahawks WR Paul Richardson ,  listed as questionable for tonight due to a groin injury ,  is expected to play but coul  . Cowboys are giving LB Anthony Spencer a 1 year deal that has a max value of 3.5 million . Trainersdoctors will decide when he is ready . Former Browns G Shawn Lauvao reached agreement on a 4 yr ,  17M deal with the Washington Redskins ,  per sources . Chargers signed OT Jon Runyan to a one year deal . He replaces OT Jeromey Clary ,  who was placed on Reserve Injured with an ankle injury . Leon Washington and Patriots reached agreement on a one year deal . Jaguars HC Doug Marrone said RB Leonard Fournette will not play Thursday night vs Tampa due to a foot injury . Patriots comment on CB Alfonzo Dennard  . Blow to Colts offense ...  RT @RotoworldFB Indy TE Dwayne Allen needs hip surgery ,  done for year  . Cleveland Browns signed wide receiver Josh Gordon ,  their second round puck in last week's supplemental draft . Jaguars blacked out Sunday . Again . Pats TE Rob Gronkowski limited in practice due to hamstring injury . Read Joe Nocera in today's NY Times . Time to start building systems to minimize hurricane damage as has been done in Providence ,  elsewhere . Waching Brett Favre on ESPN right now carrying a Vikings helmet and wearing a Vikings uniform . One word surreal . RT @DavidjBrickley Here is the Arian Foster haircut with the Texans logo that @benmaller talked about . Looks tight  !  Mario Williams gets a six year deal from the Buffalo Bills . RT @buffalomyke What are your thoughts on Bills chances of upsetting Patriots  ?   ...  New England's banged up ,  so there's a chance . But tough . Raiders RB Kory Sheets tweeted he's out for season with a torn Achilles . Raiders liked him ,  too . Bears released former Jets LB Vernon Gholston . Colts have easiest schedule  opponents a combined 110 146 . Last 2 teams with easiest sked ,  2012 Pats and 2013 Broncos ,  reached Conf Champ . New England traded running back Laurence Maroney to Denver . Compensation not know yet . More details at ESPN.com . Promises to be an active ,  unpredictable draft . One NFL GM went so far as to say today ,  Picks 3 16 are all trying to trade back.Texans planning group demonstration for today ...  For over two months ,  Tom Cable had mud thrown at him   unnecessarily . Two sides to every story ,  and ultimately ,  Hanson's wasn't believable . Tampa Bay RB Doug Martin to be inactive for Bucs season finale ...  No practice Thursday in Philadelphia for WR DeSean Jackson  groin  ,  QB Donovan McNabb  rib  ,  RB Brian Westbrook  ankle .RT @tunasweasel A must read RT @springsteen Bruce Springsteen's eulogy for Clarence Clemons  . The Chargers are interested in speaking with former Bears head coach Lovie Smith . Jerry Jones said Cowboys flag policy is not new ...  Cardinals gave Dwight Freeney 1 year ,  870,000 contract ,  same as Chris Johnson ,  now 2nd in NFL in rushing . Freeney also has sack incentives . Pats DT Vince Wilfork could have made more on open market but didn't want to relocate his wife and kids . So stays in NE on reworked deal . RT @AndrewSchlanser Besides Losman..have any of other players from the UFL been signed to an NFL team  ?   ...  Redskins K Graham Gano . Jacob Tamme's homecoming has been massively underplayed ... Despite being listed as questionable with a groin injury ,  Chiefs WR Dwayne Bowe is expected to play Sunday vs . San Diego . RT @ProFootballTalk McShay 50 50 chance Bradford goes first overall  . Former NFL HC Mike Tice hit a pick 6 at Del Mar last week ,  winning 100,796. His second winner was named Tebowing.Chiefs LB Justin Houston dislocated his elbow and is unlikely to play Sunday vs Denver ,  per team and league sources . up . RT @JBrisco82 WHOA ,  WHOA ,  WHOA  !  @AdamSchefter  !  You lost the underscore in your username  !   ...  I now have one more character to tweet . Indiana Univ junior WR @CodyLatimer3 is entering the 2014 NFL Draft . Just received this text Kurt  Warner  is playing tonight . He is being himself again . It's like the funk cloud around him is gone.Panthers became fifth team to start 1 5 in the year following a Super Bowl appearance . None of the previous four teams reached the playoffs . RT @mortreport As of Tuesday ,  Steelers were told 10 ,  8 & 6 games were still possible options Ben still hasn't been directly notified . NFL on Adrian Peterson grievance We have received the NFLPAs grievance on behalf of Adrian Peterson .  We have ...  Steelers have placed linebacker LaMarr Woodley on the teams ReserveInjured List . Browns announced they signed quarterback Josh Johnson . Some of the best early games of the season   Redskins Cowboys ,  Ravens Colts ,  Chiefs Steelers ,  Jags Bills Browns Lions ,  all down to wire . Bills weren't willing to trade Trent Edwards during offseason . They turned down interest in him . They've only been trying for a week now . Seeing @tthasselbeck and @mortreport leaving the computer you were working at while you were on air never is a good sign ... Redskins have officially placed Sua Cravens on the ReserveLeft Squad list . Safe to say it's a bad start for @wingoz's surprise Super Bowl pick Arizona so far ... Steelers RB LeVeon Bell facing a four game suspension for violation of the NFLs drug policy ,  per @DanGrazianoESPN . It's over missed test . Michael Vick's MRI and CT san today revealed no broken bones and no fractured cartilage . He has a rib contusion . Not wanting to be a distraction ,  @OGOchocinco won't wear 15 today . He'll have a 15 jersey with him ,  and 15 will be on his heart and mind . RT @sandysandovalEA Do people really believe in the Madden curse  ?  C'mon man  !   Lol  !   ...  Apparently   no Lol .. Dolphins and Adam Gase making progress ,  slight issues remain . If they iron them out today ,  Gase would become Dolphins next HC ,  per sources . Three weeks from tonight the NFL Draft . Boomer ,  Kiper ,  Gruden ,  Mort ,  in prime time . Getting closer ... According to @Edwerderespn ,  Drew Brees requested and received permission for Sean Payton ,  Mickey Loomis ,  and Joe Vitt   . RT @ClayMatthews52 Trivial amongst the recent tragic news ,  but happy to continue my career in Green Bay  !  Same said about Russell Wilson RT @LRiddickESPN If Pitt DT Aaron Donald is 2 inches taller ,  HE is D player talked about as best in draft . Jordy Nelson had nine receptions for 140 yards ,  breaking Packers SB receiving yards record that Max McGee set with 138 yards in SB I . Cardinals signed DE Cory Redding to two year contract . Falcons WR Roddy White officially active as well . RT @RickMaese Mike Shanahan says no update on Brian Westbrook We want him. Says team has extended an offer . Up it RT @bigvern624 @AdamSchefter think there's any chance Marvin Harrison could be a good fit in Oakland or should I up the medication  ?  Raiders have signed WR Seth Roberts to a two year contract extension through 2019.RT @RachelNichols How ready is McNabb  ?  When I got to Redskins practice facility this morning ,  he was already in weight room working out . Patriots do not expect to know which QB they will start Sun. ,  Jimmy Garappolo or Jacoby Brissett ,  until pre game warmups ,  per league source . Making draft happen @JermsD55@Morganleigh0918@thatpepper@Way2Tall401@ChrisJarmon@fetchwit6as@SBisho12TY  !  RT @TimGrahamESPN Greg Camarillo one of NFL's great overachievers . Here's a feature I wrote about him in 2008  . Texans DE J.J . Watt ,  listed as questionable with illness ,  will play today vs . Jacksonville . From the sounds of it ,  Lions second round pick ,  S Louis Delmas ,  is lighting it up at camp . And lighting up his own teammates as well . Funny holiday ,  @michaelsmith . Question posed at tonight's dinner would Jerry Sandusky be considered in the top 10 most revolting figures in this country's history  ?  Roger Goodell and Patriots owner Robert Kraft already have met ,  spoke and even hugged ,  per an industry source who witnessed it . NY Giants will face the Buffalo Bills in this year's Hall of Fame game at Fawcett Stadium on Sunday ,  Aug . 3.One Patriot said Julian Edelman looked spectacular at practice this week . Thus  . Official notice on the one game suspensions for Steelers WR JuJu Smith Schuster and Bengals S George Iloka . What the team feared . RT @OneRamsWay Per Spagnuolo WR Donnie Avery has torn ACL ,  will wait a little for surgery . He's out for the season . Somehow ,  someway ,  Green Bay is going to have to find another running back before the NFL's Oct . 19 trade deadline . If the Giants beat Dolphins tonight  830 PM ,  ESPN  ,  Giants at Vikings game on Dec . 27 will move to NBC Sunday Night Football at 830 PM ET . With the 49ers winning ,  the NFLs only winless team ,  the Browns ,  now control their own destiny for the No . 1 overall pick . 49ers placed WR Joshua Morgan on the injured reserve list and signed WR Brett Swain to a one year deal . At noon ,  on ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown ,  @mortreport and I will break down which HC seats are hottest ,  who's likely out ,  who's likely safe . Bills now have announced that veteran RB Fred Jackson officially has been released . RT @BryanAnderson20 Cameron Wake leads the leauge in sacks and currently is 4th for the Pro Bowl  ?  Show the man some love .  ...  Deserves it . Colts asst to the HC ,  Rob Chudzinski ,  is eligible to interview for OC jobs starting Tuesday . 49ers and Rams both want to talk to him . Amari Cooper should be ready to be an Oakland Raider . Just what that team needs . Like father ,  like daughter Cris Collinsworth teaches his daughter ,  Ashley ,  about challenges . A sad story from last Sunday's Patriots game ,  with the hope that some might donate to the boy who lost his father . RT @ESPN New Orleans Saints lawsuit going to arbitration    . Today marks 1 year anniversary of Panthers' last regular season loss . Their regular season win streak now at 365 days   and counting . This was the day the Wests were won Chargers clinched the AFC West title ,  the Cardinals clinched the NFC West title . Tarik Cohen is 1st rookie since Hall of Famer Gale Sayers in 1965 to have a PR TD ,  rushing TD ,  receiving TD & passi  . Welcome ,  @WojVerticalNBA ...  NFL commissioner Roger Goodell will not suspend Bengals running back Cedric Benson for his role in a June altercation in Texas . Touchbacks being brought to 25 yard line for a simple reason to discourage kickoff returns ,  which NFL deems the most dangerous play in game . Wow . RT @KaMitchell55 REALLY WISH I WAS PLAYIN RITE NOW . SERIOUSLY ...  I KNO WE'RE N NEED OF OLINE BUT THIS GUY SUKS . Once again ,  if we get two notable trades before Tuesday's deadline ,  it'll be a lot . But it sure is fun to imagine . Another trade   this one between the Browns and the Lions . RT @TelevisedEsq Not you too Adam . #ugh  ...  People . A little Twitter humor . Remember what Raheem said last week   Yeah ,  I said it . Oh boy Bills reached agreement on 1 year deal with WR Percy Harvin ,  per source . Buffalo spending bills add Harvin ,  McCoy ,  Incognito . 22 And Saints LB coach Adam Zimmer ,  getting emotional about how he felt his mom's presence during SB XLIV and post game celebration . Giants former Pro Bowl G Chris Snee to announce his retirement Monday ,  per @DanGrazianoESPN . No drama this year the Chargers have signed first round pick WR Mike Williams . As many have noted for Antonio Brown business is booming . Patriots also cut LB Bobby Carpenter . Texans released WR Jaelen Strong ,  per league source . An oral history of why Bill Belichick might be the greatest ...  Devonta Freeman is the youngest player with 8 rushing touchdowns in the first 5 games of a season since Eric Dickerson in 1983.The Week 17 Dallas Cowboys at New York Giants game on Sunday ,  January 1 will be played at 820 PM ET on NBC . The surest way to smile on a Monday C'mon ,  man !  segment ,  my favorite ,  now about 10 minutes away . Bears WR Brandon Marshall was involved in another incident that could lead to an NFL review . More shortly at  . Former NFL RB Kerry Goode diagnosed with ALS in Sept 2015. Now in Oahu ,  Hawaii for a final family vacation thanks to  . Giants free agent to be DE Osi Umenyiora has hired new agents ,  Tom Condon and Ben Dogra ,  according to NFL Players Association records . Today's coordinators in demand Bills have requested permission to interview Bengals OC Hue Jackson and Lions DC Teryl Austin ,  per source . Broncos and defensive coordinator Mike Nolan part ways . Nolan won't wait long for work   Miami already planning to interview him . FWIW ,  Pittsburgh and Green Bay played what might have been the best regular season game last season . A classic . John Abraham is scheduled to visit the Broncos on Thursday . RT @emcd1226 How would Rooney Rule work if Holmgren wants to hire himself  ?   ...  He'd first have to interview a minority and abide by rule . Bengals HC Marvin Lewis returned to work Tuesday night and is ready to coach Cincinnati in its preseason opener vs Bucs on Friday . 49ers LB Aldon Smith will not face any charges after being arrested at LAX on April 13 for a fake bomb threat ,  per City Attorney's Office . Ndamukong Suh knows he made a mistake ,  but he has been encouraged by NFLPA and Roger Goodell to appeal 2 game suspension and he will . Rex Ryan is sporting a tattoo that extends from below his right knee to his ankle . He'll reveal tattoo's meaning on a Facebook video today . As @mortreport reports ,  Falcons are finalizing a contract extension for Matt Ryan that should be completed imminently . Martavis Bryant's agent Tom Santanello is appealing 1 year suspension . Bryant suspended 4 games last year for failed drug tests . NFL announced that hearing officer Ted Cottrell reduced Brandon Meriweather's two game suspension to a one game suspension without pay . An earlier tweet said CB Byron Westbrook had been released by the Washington Redskins . Westbrook remains with the Redskins . Jets are courting Dolphins free agent DE Jason Taylor . Colts and Robert Mathis trying to finalize a long term deal but as a precaution ,  Colts used their franchise tag on him . Not going anywhere . Colts will induct Jeff Saturday into their Ring of Honor during halftime of Monday Night Football game against vs . Jets on September 21.Here's the one year deal that Dallas gave to DE Greg Hardy ...  Marvin Lewis said he doesnt foresee receiving a new contract extension prior to 2017 season ,  per @KatTerrell . Former Jets TE Dustin Keller reached agreement on a one year deal with the Miami Dolphins . Rams RB Todd Gurley ,  listed as doubtful ,  is not expected to play in Sunday's regular season finale . Kobe Bryant ,  a big Eagles fan ,  gave a 30 minute pep talk to his favorite team Friday morning before it went to pra  . Free agent RB Reggie Bush is visiting the Patriots today ,  per @FieldYates . Lions ruled out Eric Ebron  ankleknee  ,  LB DeAndre Levy  kneequad  ,  DT Haloti Ngata  shoulder  ,  RB Theo Riddick  ankle .Tians and 49ers TE Delanie Walker reached agreement in a principle on a four year deal . Hasn't stopped them . RT @joshbaker30 As pats fan ,  is it logical 4 jets to give us bulletin board material  ?  Might be barking up wrong tree . Patriots QB Tom Brady's new Ugg commercial  ...  Patriots QB Tom Brady wins AP's MVP award . Unanimously . Here we go ...  RT @jhnsloan2 Stick 2 football you idiot ,  he likes the goddam attention..you ever think of that  ?  MORON . seen . Rams plan to keep running back Steven Jackson active ,  but they are unsure how much he'll be able to play . Bills WR Stevie Johnson expected to start today vs . New England ,  despite being listed as questionable . Free agent WR @GregJennings is visiting Cardinals training complex today  for Kurt Warner's charity event with Amways Nutrilite ,  not FA .With Packers win ,  a No . 6 seed now has prevailed in five of last six No . 1 vs No . 6 matchups in the NFL postseason . #jimmoraplayoffvoice . Hall of Fame DL Cortez Kennedy has passed away at the too young age of 48 ,  Orlando police said today . RT @JennBrownESPN Alabama RB Mark Ingram  Heisman winner  had arthroscopic procedure on knee ,  out for season opener . RT @LATimesfarmerChargers GM AJ Smith Only thing Ive thinking throughout this whole  Favre  situation is how smart Ted Thompson looks.Tedy Bruschi and Damien Woody got into it today over their former teammate ,  Tom Brady.Dolphins DT Paul Soliai has pledged 250,000 to fund a Player Lounge at the Univ .. of Utahs new football center . To get up to Jacksonville's spot ,  Raiders traded a 5th round pick and LB Kirk Morrison to get Jacoby Ford . #nfldraft . Filed to ESPN Colts DE Dwight Freeney has a torn ligament in his right ankle that will make it difficult for him to play if he plays at all . Just like everyone expected Cardinals beating Ravens ,  Dolphins beating Giants ,  Rams beating Saints . Broncos will place their franchise tag of WR Demaryius Thomas before today's 4 ET deadline . Broncos HC John Fox on if Tim Tebow will start Sunday vs . Oakland For this week ,  yes.Ravens cut QB Curtis Painter . OL Mike Matthews   son of HOFer Bruce ,  brother of Jake ,  and cousin of Clay   worked out for Washington today . #KnowThemFromAdamBaseball Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson discusses his hopes for his beloved Pittsburgh Steelers ,  H  . RT @MrMichaelSmith Just told that Ravens QB coach Hue Jackson will accept OC position with the Oakland Raiders . As @JayGlazer reported ,  Saints Dolphins discussing a deal for RB Reggie Bush . When Bush tweeted it had been fun in NO ,  he knew the score . Chiefs gave former Dolphins CB Sean Smith a three year deal . Chicago Bears agreed to terms on a one year contract with CB Kelvin Hayden . Eagles sign WR Chad Hall from practice squad and release DE Antwan Barnes . Steelers LB LaMarr Woodley reinjured his hamstring today ,  however Woodley told some teammates he does not believe the injury is bad . For what it's worth ,  Trey ,  I've been told Oct . 6th ...  RT @wingoz Breaking news ... the browns will name their starting qb on october 4th . Eagles might not be done dealing on O line yet . There's interest in former franchise OT Stacy Andrews . One of NFL's real nice guys . RT @kirkmorrison55 Good seeing @AdamSchefter today . Always good catching up . Many of the Texans players wanted to leave facility and not attend practice ,  and Pro Bowl WR DeAndre Hopkins actually did ,  per sources . Eagles TE Zach Ertz is out today ,  per source . Struggled through warmups and Eagles decided to hold him out . Definition of preseason football By my count ,  Patriots resting roughly 30 of their regular players tonight . If there were ever time for a movie ,  it'd be great to see Greenberg    not the Mike and Mike version    which got a glowing NY Times review . Welcome news for WR Roddy White Panthers CB Chris Gamble inactive . In a driving rain this morning ,  Jets tell me that rookie QB Marc Sanchez was lights out . Jets need more of that . Cardinals activated RB Beanie Wells off PUP . Bears announced @burlacher54 underwent arthroscopic surgery on his left knee ,  still hoping to play in regular season opener . Stop reading if you don't want Denver's next pick Broncos now will draft a center   JD Walton from Baylor . #nfldraft . Latest look at Ravens' role from @DVNJr and @KVanValkenburg . New Buccaneers GM Jason Licht is signing a four year deal with a team option that puts his tenure right in line with Lovie Smith's . Will Brett Favre start  ?  RT @Reizan @AdamSchefter Will Miles Austin be the number 1 receiver for the game this Sunday  ?  Highlights of Vikes G Randall McDaniel now . In one ,  he took on fellow HOFer Bruce Smith and stoned him . McDaniel also played some FB . Power . Eagles deactivated San Bradford . Mark Sanchez officially starts in another Thanksgiving game . Off to go do today's Mike and Mike show from 6 to 10 am . Roethlisberger told Hoge that he is taking Harrison at his word and that their relationship is fine.LeSean McCoy officially active . Bills have him on 25 35 play pitch count . Technically ,  Bunkley never was a Brown because he never reported . Trade reverted back to PHIL and Eagles get Broncos pick . Denver's new DC will be its fifth in past five seasons . There was Larry Coyer in 06 ,  Jim Bates in 07 ,  Bob Slowik in 08 ,  and Mike Nolan 09.Members of Sunday night's winning Pro Bowl team receive 58,000 while members of losing Pro Bowl team receive 29,000.Giants announced they released former Bucs and Vikings quarterback Josh Freeman ,  who was signed on April 21.For what it's worth ,  Giants had best food of any camp so far . Turkey cutlets ,  brussel sprouts ,  soft ice cream . Cafeteria is Pro Bowl quality . Bucs have informed me of my release . Filed to ESPN Colts wide receiver Austin Collie underwent hand surgery this week that is expected to sideline him a few weeks . Victor Cruz is uncertain when he will return to practice  calf  ,  but he remains confident he will play in regular season opener vs . Dallas . My bad   Hall of Famer Lou Creekmur ,  a great player for the Detroit Lions . Book of Manning Denver has won a franchise record 15 straight regular season games ,  all by at least 7 points . Is this right  ?  The Lions have lost 18 straight division games since beating Chicago in October 2007. Wow . Patriots offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels has withdrawn from consideration for the Cleveland Browns HC job ,  per a league source . Patriots also believe QB Jimmy Garappolo has chance to be ready for Buffalo in week 4 ,  per source ,  but still too early to say for sure . Raiders exlcusive rights free agent OLB David Nixon signed his tender today . A late off season pickup to help bolster their O line Buccaneers signed G Keydrick Vincent to a 2 year ,  4.5 million contract . Veterans released today include Rams DE Quinton Coples ,  Jets WR Kyle Williams ,  Seahawks CB Brandon Browner ,  Lions TE Matthew Mulligan . RT @MikeDaniel What will the Jets do with the 16th pick  ?   ...  Someone from Alabama probably a decent guess . Eagles place WR Steve Smith on Injured Reserve  knee  and sign DT Cedric Thornton from the practice squad . Terrell Owens agent ,  Jordan Woy ,  has had conversations with a bunch of teams about a potential return for his client . Cleveland ,  which now has the offer sheet Alex Mack signed with the Jaguars ,  now has five days to match . Jaguars hired Jed Hughes of Korn Ferry Intl ,  which conducts executive searches ,  to assist hiring a head coach ,  league sources tell ESPN . On Urban Meyer stepping down Truly health related . He will be fine but family and docs advised this . One less CB on the market New York Giants reached agreement with cornerback Terrell Thomas . NFL senior VP of communications Greg Aiello Today's report about a settlement offer by the league to Jonathan Vilma   . Browns WR Josh Gordon flunked another drug test and now will be subject to a one year banishment ,  per league sources . More on ESPN @ 6 pm . Arian Foster is officially inactive . He was before this . Floyd started Sunday . RT @chancefavors18 @AdamSchefter will malcom floyd be the num2 wide out now  ?  Keith Null starts at QB for the Rams . RT @mortreport Also wondered on Mike & Mike if Holmgren called Favre to inquire about impressions on Eric Mangini . NFL discussing discipline for Odell Beckham Jr . this morning ,  but based on conversations with league sources ,  a 1 game suspension is likely . Chiefs announced the hiring of former Saints defensive asst . Coach Adam Zimmer as team's defensive assistantassistant LBs coach . Chiefs reached agreement with CB Sean Smith . So this is up in the local Starbucks . Already  ?  Bills worked out kickers Dave Rayner ,  Rhys Lloyd ,  Shayne Graham and Brandon Coutu . Decision coming today . Rayner figures as favorite . Expectation around the NFL is that former Patriots WR Reggie Wayne now will retire . Bad Timing And Decision 49ers DT Ray McDonald allegedly involved in domestic violence dispute.O M G . Bills announced they signed former Jets DE Leger Douzable . Twenty years ago today ,  OJ Simpson's car chase was on ,  with 95 million people watching the ultimate reality TV for the first time . WR Michael Floyd was scheduled to become a free agent after season . Now cut ,  weeks before that happens . Troubling situation . It is tough rooting for the Knicks ... Browns WR Josh Gordon ,  off suspension ,  officially back in building today . Gordon expected to be in meetings with team Wednesday . Dallas Clark called my bus interviews vs . @mortreport's bus interviews like the varsity vs . the JV ?  !  A . Gates now getting my All Pro vote . Just like everyone predicted After today ,  the Rams ,  Seahawks and Cardinals will be tied for first place ,  and 49ers will be in last place . And so Philadelphia says so long to another Chip Kelly draft pick . The cleansing continues . Ravens announced Mike Wallace will agree to new deal this afternoon ,  join Baltimore . Cardinals signed HC Ken Whisenhunt and GM Rod Graves to contract extensions that run through 2013.Some real social media training for athletes and staff ,  courtesy of Social Media Sports Management ,  SM2 . Colts are 1st team to draft QB and TE from same school in draft since 2003 Texans ,  who picked Michigan QB Drew Henson and TE Bennie Joppru . Seattle is signing former Cardinals WR Early Doucet . NFL coordinators now fired in season this year Greg Olson ,  Marc Trestman ,  Greg Roman ,  Bobby April . Four and counting . It's possible ,  even likely ,  that Brandon Marshall has played his final game as a Bronco . If Denver gets back a 1 and 3 for him ,  he's gone . RT @signoranfl ... Though trend is moving toward staying home for training camp ,  Super Bowl winners past 4 seasons all went away for camp . RT @Johnspurs1 @HannahStormESPN Sure she appreciated you dropping her age .  ...  She cleared it . And the reaction from tweeters explains why . RT @MikeReiss Filed to @ESPNBoston CB Antwaun Molden ,  who spent 2011 with Patriots ,  agrees to terms with Giants . RIP ,  Margaret Thatcher . RT @matthewjafari Who is your favorite to win the afc south  ?  Colts or jags  ?   ...  Tough to pick against No . 18. And Jax has a tough one Sunday . Antonio Brown on way to hospital . Sounds more serious than team initially said . Jay Cutler and Tony Romo leaving field for booth ...  Fujita ,  Hargrove ,  Smith may participate in all off season activity ,  including preseason games . Vilma may not . His suspension effective now . Not all negative with this draft RB Melvin Gordon hosted a charity event Tuesday night to benefit Ronald McDonald house . Raised about 25K . RT @stlramscom QB Marc Bulger will start Sunday for Rams ,  Kyle Boller cleared to practice but will take another baseline test on Friday . FWIW   text from one source today Hue Jackson has a load of plays set up for Josh Gordon and has limited other WR  . RT @JeffLegwold Broncos have waived Brandon McManus and after working out Jay Feely and Connor Barth Tuesday morning ,  have signed Barth . Julian Edelman and Patriots reached agreement on a two year extension that ties him to New England through 2019 season ,  per source . Filed to ESPN The Ravens and former Rams quarterback Marc Bulger reached agreement on a one year ,  3.8 million deal . RT @kevthegrad @AdamSchefter  . Brady Quinn looks ... off  and that's polite .Giants took FB Henry Hynoski off PUP list . Tom Rinaldi on Iowas new tradition . Bowl . Broncos HC Josh McDaniels and Redskins LB London Fletcher played together at John Carroll University   same school that produced Don Shula . Patriots are giving DT Terrance Knighton a one year ,  4.5 million deal . Some pricey Pot Roast . Whisenhunt connection Chargers signed former Arizona Cardinals guard Rich Ohrnberger to a one year contract ,  team announced today . RT @mach2que Did I miss something  ?  What happened to Chase Minnifield  ?   ...  Some teams knocked him off their board due to concerns on knee . Jets announced the hiring of former Bears ,  Lions and Redskins DB Mark Carrier as the teams defensive line coach . With Andy Dalton out at least this week ,  Bengals signed former Ball St . QB Keith Wenning off their practice squad and on to active roster . Tremendous  . RT @FieldYates Texans have officially exercised the 5th year option on DE J.J . Watt for 2015 ,  per source . Deadline to do so was May 3.Rams organization had a better day this season  ?  Trounced the Saints and just about locked up a top 2 pick . One more time   some details on the lowdown in Cleveland . Filed to ESPN Former Dolphins linebackers coach George Edwards will be hired as the Bills defensive coordinator . Bengals plan to hire Hue Jackson as their OC ,  per source . Bills offensive line coach Aaron Kromer is scheduled to return from his suspension today . Former Ravens S Dawan Landry is on verge of a five year agreement with the Jaguars that is expected to be completed today . A boost for Big D Cowboys O lineman Marc Colombo and Kyle Kosier each are active today . A change at kicker Steelers are going to sign K Chris Boswell ,  per @caplannfl . Most awkward moment of day a reporter asking Mark Sanchez a question ,  calling him Tim. To which Sanchez responded ,  I'm Mark.Think everyone can agree on this today Dez caught it . If you were a Buffalo Bill ,  and you were reporting to camp tomorrow ,  what would you do on final free night tonight  ?  Fresh off his appearance at Saturday's Final Four ,  Texas A & M QB Johnny Manziel is flying to Oakland to spend tonight and Monday with Raiders . More drama . RT @espn Brett Favre would consider sitting if elbow worsens    . If Patriots RB Stevan Ridley is active today ,  no sure thing ,  he is not expected to receive much if any carries . Giants released FB Henry Hynoski . More on Rolle   and I expect Bears to make play RT @espn Source Cardinals will release Antrel Rolle this week    . QB Shaun Hill starts for Lions . And the second round and Friday night are underway.Green Bay selects Washington CB Kevin King . For what it's worth ,  Rams holding a private workout today in Austin ,  Tx. ,  with Longhorns QB Colt McCoy . NFL fined Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis 20,000 for his hit Sunday night on Steelers wide receiver Hines Ward . Panthers released DT Maake Kemoeatu ,  who tore his tore Achilles in late July . Kemoeatu is expected to be ready for training camp . Early diagnosis on Browns rookie RB Montario Hardesty torn ACL . More exams today to confirm the news ,  but a blow to the Browns . Chargers OT Jeromey Clary signed the teams one year ,  1.684 million contract tender offer today . Quite the off season for the Redskins first round pick . RT @RyanKerrigan94 Just aced hole #7 at the Players' Club in Muncie  !  Detroit Lions Center Dominic Raiola is going to be in trouble with the league over this  . Worth pointing out that @Mr53 ,  Raiders LB Thomas Howard ,  signed his second round tender Thursday afternoon . Good player ,  Mr . 53.Cowboys HC Jason Garrett practiced his starters this week as if he were playing them in regular role ,  with no extra reps for Dallas backups . RT @NFLColumnists Bill Williamson  Report Marshall hurt leg in practice  . Former Saints TE Jeremy Shockey said on ESPN's NFL Live he is taking a physical tomorrow for a team ,  though he declined to specify the team . Buffalo's workout with QB Matt Leinart is scheduled for Sunday . #BillsMafia . Filed to ESPN Chiefs released RB Larry Johnson . He now will go on waivers . Only someone with this name would know this RT @HermanKickology also birthdays today 4 Al Del Greco ,  Sebastian Janikowski and Mike Nugent . Due to storm ,  NFL likely to push back Tuesday's 4 pm trade deadline . League now working through details . My three best guesses on potential landing spots for free agent to be DE Julius Peppers Atlanta ,  New England ,  Baltimore . Monday Night Countdown ,  with our new teammate Bill Parcells ,  now on ESPN . And on a day of long snapper deals across the league ,  New Orleans now has a new magician and LS . Most telling statement from Federal Mediator George Cohen Some progress was made ,  but very strong differences remain. This'll be a while . Dr . Robert Anderson said Redskins TE Fred Davis is healing well from his torn Achilles and will be 100 percent ready for OTAs . No surprise Colts HC Chuck Pagano just told reporters that QB Andrew Luck will not play on Sunday . Luck returned to practice today . RT @PatrickMcEnroe You give Peyton 3 4 years  ?   ...  I do . Time to start grooming another young QB . Pick incoming ,  Patrick . Doctors will be running more tests today on Texans HC Gary Kubiak today to try to determine why he collapsed at halftime last night . With McNabb's status uncertain for next week ,  it makes sense for Eagles to look at re signing AJ Feeley as a stopgap measure . Russell Wilson has started 8 career postseason games ,  which is 1 more than all 5 of the quarterbacks drafted ahead of him in 2012 combined . Facts speak for themselves ...  RT @rlopezwfaa Court documents show Josh Brent failed another drug test . RIP ,  Rick Majerus ,  who made a great dining companion one night in Fort Collins . Man could eat and tell stories . Sorry he's gone . On this weeks podcast ,  ask your football and non football questions using #AskAdam . Please tweet them to us . Then  . Chargers signed outside OLB Cyril Obiozor  from Cardinals practice squad ,  re signed CB Dante Hughes and placed LB Jyles Tucker on IR . Here's another thing I didn't realize RT @IAmJimboSlice i will smash ur face in is the new cant wait . ESPN's John Clayton confirmed Fox report   no Ben Roethlisberger tomorrow night . Dennis Dixon is the Steelers new starting QB . With 7,000 followers in three weeks ,  I want to thank you and say I'm proud to report we are gaining ground quickly on @aplusk  !  Dolphins hoping RB Reggie Bush can play vs . Cardinals despite knee injury but still are uncertain . Bush expected to be game time decision . RT @daveharrison86 Is this a lazy or pioneering journalism technique  ?   ...  Both ,  I guess . Truly want to see power of Twitter . Cowboys RB Ezekiel Elliott is withdrawing his appeal ,  per a source . Elliott will serve his six game suspension and  . Game ball to @DowLohnesSports  and @AdisaBakari for bringing their NFL clients to Washington to teach them life skills . Quite an education . Josh Cribbs not being traded ,  either . Final word from 42. RT @sharper42 And you'll see me cuz I'll be dressed in black & gold . Protect your neck that's all the warning you get . Redskins will introduce Jay Gruden as their HC this afternoon ,  per sources . Washington is planning to start Colt McCoy over Robert Griffin III on Sunday at Indianapolis ,  per a team source ...  Panthers announced HC Ron Rivera has signed a three year contract extension . And so with the Lions releasing Titus Young and Ryan Broyles coming off knee injury ,  Detroit is ,  amazingly ,  back to needing another WR . RT @GinoBona Do you and Mort do a Drew Brees like pre show chant  ?   ...  Sure do . We smash together our blackberries and iPhones . Cardinals S Tyrann Matthieu ,  questionable for Sunday with a shoulder injury ,  is unlikely to play vs Vikings ,  per source . This is some message for Sharper . RT @VShiancoe X  marks the spot.. Loved the idea ,  ehhh so I went for it  . This actually is what I heard Herm say to John Force  ...  RT @gthogan You drive to win the race ! DeSean Jackson has turned into the type of player that the Dolphins thought they were getting when they drafted Ted Ginn . And @MikeCWright of ESPN Chicago reports JaMarcus Russell will be one of three QBs to work out Friday for the Bears . Great line from Ditka on why bad teams can't win these days You can't win the derby with a donkey.This nails it Buffalos real value in the trade is the added salary cap flexibility . Seattle has traded for OT Duane Brown ,  source tells ESPN . Brown is out of Houston and will go to Seattle . Giants named Geno Smith their new starting QB . Colts got deal done for first round pick ,  RB Donald Brown . Oakland keeps mining for pass rushers Raiders tried out former Patriots LB Tully Banta Cain . RT @BrianKangu When is the next court date between the nflpa and the owners  ?   ...  June 3 hearing with no ruling likey until July . Bengals score . Maualuga done .  RT @Turnksu Everyone has known about this storm for days . Why wouldn't NYG fly in on Friday  ?   ...  A popular question this afternoon . Goodbye to one of the good guys Eagles cut DTFB Dan Klecko . And heres Clevelands press release ,  making the LeBron James deal official . RT @NFLprguy Re James Davis injury . Our office reviewed practice session video and interviewed Browns players ,  coaches and staff . Vikings WR Bernard Berrian is active today . Let the countdown begin the NFL season kicks off 100 days from today ... RGIII predicts he will be ready for Day 1 of training camp . Shanahan says he'll let doctors decide . Get used to more of this . Few have mentioned it ,  but @JonesDrew32 has run himself into MVP contention . Four straight 100 yard games for a first place team . Cowboys' CB Terence Newman was added to NFC Pro Bowl team today as a replacement for Cardinals CB Dominique Rodgers Cromartie . Green Bay was awarded two fourth round compensatory picks ,  as well as a seventh rounder . Lions hired former Maryland and Connecticut HC Randy Edsall as their director of football researchspecial projects . Tennessee has to take DE Derek Morgan . Has to . #nfldraft . Any team claiming LJ would have to pay him 2.1 million in base salary and another 500k roster bonus . More likely ,  each team passes there . Former Browns and Jets HC Eric Mangini has informed ESPN he is accepting a job as the 49ers Senior Offensive Consultant . Seahawks have activated CB Jeremy Lane from PUP and released RB Bryce Brown from the 53 man active roster ,  team announced . Former Browns defensive coordinator Rob Ryan is the new Cowboys defensive coordinator . Joe Vitt is outraged at the accusations the league directed at him that he offered money and corrobated evidence . 100% Untrue ,  he insisted . Colt McCoy is the only Redskins' QB this season to start and finish a game as the winning QB . Cheers  !  Trent Dilfer and Bill Polian love former San Jose St . QB David Fales ,  who just went with 183rd pick in 6th round to the Bears . RT @GeneHogan This the first time someone has worn a shirt  tie to guest host Mike and Mike  ?   ...  Done if before . Have to go straight to SC . Filed to ESPN WR Santonio Holmes reaches agreement with Jets on a five year deal . Chargers WR Malcom Floyd is expected to miss the next two games due to his hamstring injury . Giants OL Justin Pugh to start at RT ,  Brett Jones replaces Pugh at LG . If you're looking for a way to win tickets to the Super Bowl ,  take a look at #Sportstember  . Seen this live ,  in person ,  and never fail to be blown away.A mentalist Michigan Man ...  Now we know even more why the memory of former Broncos CB Darrent Williams haunts current Broncos WR Brandon Marshall . Former Seahawks Pro Bowl cornerback Marcus Trufant is scheduled to visit the Denver Broncos on Friday . Marshawn Lynch changed his I'm here so I won't get fined yesterday to You know why I'm here today . Over and over and over . Dolphins have pulled the transition tag on LBDE on Olivier Vernon ,  per source . Now a free agent . Will command big dollars . And now the 49ers also jumping in on Chiefs free agent CB Brandon Carr . Ravens TE Dennis Pitta suffered what is thought to be a dislocated hip and remained hospittalized in Cleveland ,  per league source . Saints hope this isn't a sign . RT @NFLonTheHill Home Sweet Dome . Saints landing in D.C . delayed by snow for Redskins game Sunday . Chargers free agent LB Manti Teo is scheduled to visit the Saints in the next 24 hours ,  per source . Panthers QB Cam Newton ,  listed as questionable with shoulderankle injuries ,  will start Sunday vs Saints ,  per source . Handful of teams actively doing last minute work last on Baylor WR Kendall Wright ,  trying to figure out where they need to be to take him . Cowboys DT Stephen Paea told Dallas coaches today that he is retiring ,  per source . RT @JennBrownESPN ESPN NFL Combine   Oregon State DT Stephen Paea set a new record in the bench press with 49 reps of 225 lbs . On day of his hearing ,  Ezekiel Elliott confident he will play rest of season ...  Next year's first time eligible player for HOF is former Chiefs G Will Shields . Bill Parcells and Bill Cowher also eligible   and deserving . Jets LB David Harris underwent MRI on shoulder today . While he won't play in preseason finale ,  Jets expect him ready for opener vs . Cincy . One more name to tack on to my injury list  lots of wideouts  RT @Kane337 Hey you forgot Harry Douglas . Chuck Pagano is the Colts coach for 2017 ,  per Jim Irsay . Giants CB Terrell Thomas and DT Shaun Rogers were placed on injured reserve . See what happens when a man sleeps without bberry  ?  Texts and vmails from 11 last night about the Santonio Holmes to Jets trade . Done deal . Jaguars' TE Julius Thomas expected to need surgery on tendon in his finger and is expected to miss 4 5 weeks ,  per source . 2nd opinion Tues . Eagles paved way for more practice snaps for Michael Vick by waving quarterback Adam DiMchele . Also ,  Raiders released vet WR Samie Parker . RT @MikeReiss Free agent RB Danny Woodhead agrees to 2 year deal with the Chargers ,  per source . Seahawks placed LB Leroy Hill on injured reserve . In his place ,  the team has signed defensive tackle Craig Terrill . At HOF Enshrinees dinner and heard Peter King ,  Charean Williams and John McClain were invited on a Blackhawk helicopter for Sunday's pregame . After Seahawks assured Fritz Pollard Alliance that Pete Carroll will not have full control ,  the Giants' Marc Ross agreed to interview Weds . Chiefs being very mum on this ,  but it happened . RT @ProFootballTalk Jonathan Baldwin hurts wrist in locker room fight  . Teams with most cap room today Tampa Bay  67 million under cap  KC  62 mil  Cincy  60 mil  Denver  49 mil  Washington  49 mil .RT @alexmarvez From what i hear ,  some jerk made a fake twitter in a reporter's name and posted chris henry died . NOT TRUE . The two teams in on Burgess all along were the Eagles and Pats . Eagles were offering a 3rd round pick and a player . Pats offer trumped it . Cardinals GM Steve Keim once played for Red Land little league team from Lewisberry ,  PA . that's playing for little league championship today . Colts RB Donald Brown is inactive today . RT @jasonjwilde Rodgers IR guys 'didn't choose to stick around' Just when you thought PhotoGate was dead ...  On a Monday ,  before a huge MNF game ,  the world loses Don Meredith at the age of 72. RIP ,  Dandy Don . Each person in this picture ,  Giants LB Greg Jones and his new fiance ,  got a ring Sunday night . Washington CB Josh Norman ,  listed as questionable due to concussion he suffered last week ,  is expected to play Sunday vs Cincy ,  per source . Patriots traded a fourth round pick to Colts for TE Dwayne Allen and a sixth round pick ,  per league sources . Miami's one year deal with QB Jay Cutler is worth 10 million ,  plus incentives ,  per source . In season openers the season after winning the Super Bowl ,  New England is 4 0 ,  with an average margin of victory of 9.0 points per game . All Hands Volunteers set up a site for people to donate and support our #Japan #tsunami assessmentresponse efforts . So on opening night ,  Steelers will not have WR Martavis Bryant nor RB LeVeon Bell ... Oakland preparing for sweeping changes that involve its GM Reggie McKenzie ,  according to league sources . Mark Davis getting ready to spend . Titans announced QB Jake Locker has a sprained hip and the team expects him to miss a few weeks . Steelers have traded punter Brad Wing to New York Giants in exchange for a conditional seventh round pick in 2016 NFL draft .  . Saints are giving former Broncos CB Champ Bailey a two year deal with a max value of 7 million . Steelers safety Ryan Clark did in fact make the trip to Denver but he is not expected to play tonight versus the Broncos . Blake Bortles has 64 completions of 20 yards this season ,  most in NFL . Faces Saints today . And the battle continues the NFLPA plans to decertify by Thursday . It will make Jay Cutler happy to know Chicago could hire Jedd Fisch or Jeremy Bates ,  two former Broncos assts ,  as Bears passing game coach . Geno Smith is 1st rookie QB drafted in 2nd round or later to pass for at least 250 yards and win on Kickoff Weekend since 1970 merger . Washington Post Editorial Board announced today it will not use the word Redskins in its editorials anymore . Full statement from Randy Lerner  In connection with current rumors and press inquiries ,  I can report that Ive bee  . Patriots WRs expected to play tonight have combined to catch 81 passes in the NFL ,  76 of which from Julian Edelman . Bucs placed DT Gerald McCoy and LB Quincy Black on IR and promoted DE George Johnson and LB Tyrone McKenzie to roster from practice squad . Percy Harvin AND DeSean Jackson were each carted off field today  ?  Whoa . Two franchises   and every fantasy draft   could be affected . Bengals free agent WR Jerome Simpson is being suspended three games under the substance abuse policy ,  per NFL source . If he desires ,  Peyton Manning is powerful enough to swing the balance of power in the AFC or NFC West straight to the team he chooses . Thanks for invite ,  @ArianFoster . On any other day I would . Got lunch date with my 90 yr old grandmother on last free Sunday . Here tomorrow  ?  Former Packers CB Patrick Lee tried out for Jaguars on Friday . Rams are releasing FB Mike Karney . New offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels plans to use a lot of a no fullback ,  spread offense . Alex Mack can void final three years of deal with promise he cannot be tagged again . Deal also includes a no trade provision . RT @OGOchoCinco nickname #KingJames ,  Kings lead w help of army  supporting cast on team . A lead dog doesnt join supastars to make it easy . And so by October 10 ,  the NFL is left with no unbeaten teams . The 1972 Dolphins can rest easy . RT @Jstein2469 is it time to remind everyone that no team has won the Super Bowl after losing to the Bucs that year  ?    ...  Sure is . 1,800 mile ,  7 team ,  7 day trip is over . Great trip . Will tweet more thoughts later . Next stop Canton and the Pro Football Hall of Fame . Falcons QB Matt Schaub could follow Atlanta OC Kyle Shanahan to SF ,  per sources . Schaub could be starter ,  backup or bridge to future SF QB . Texans re signed OT Duane Brown to a 6 year ,  53.4 million extension ,  including 22.08 million guaranteed . As @Wingoz pointed out ,  this draft ended with selection of South Carolina player and next draft likely to start with South Carolina player . Jets battling some CB injuries . RT @NJFFL @AdamSchefter Why Miller  ?  And so a major shakeup coming to NFL officiating for next season ,  with head of that department ,  Dean Blandino ,  leaving . Texans signed free agent QBs Case Keenum and Stephen McGee along with WR Jeff Maehl . Wade Phillips will have surgery this week to address a kidney condition . He said hell miss a week to 10 days and it's not life threatening . Panthers' RB Jonathan Stewart ,  who has missed past three games with a foot injury ,  is expected to play Sunday vs . Seattle ,  per source . Chargers released WRreturn man Jacoby Jones . And NFL now has announced John Jastremski and Jim McNally have been reinstated . Steelers giving OT Marcus Gilbert a 5 year ,  30 million extension . Some mini tremors in Oakland . ESPN's John Clayton reports Raiders cut Jeff Garcia . Falcons have agreed to terms with Dontari Poe ,  per source . RT @EdBouchette Steelers activate Casey Hampton and RB Rashard Mendenhall off PUP . RT @writerboyESPN Dez Bryant has a broken ankle . The off season is the busy season . RT @gregaiello Getting questions about the Vince Young incident . Yes ,  we will look into it . Broncos list LB Von Miller as probable ,  RB Willis McGahee as questionable . Ahmad Bradshaw ,  Brandon Jacobs listed as probable . RT @THEREALFAN @AdamSchefter Good thing you reported @mortreport injury .  You don't want to get fined by @ESPN . Chiefs announced Eric Berry officially diagnosed with Hodgkin lymphoma . Prayers up . Those are some strong words from longtime successful agent @RalphCindrich . Some of strongest words to date on Haynesworth . One more Sportscenter worthy tweet RT @SportsCenter Check out the Sport Science of what makes Ndamukong Suh so good  . Mort says Redskins concerned about getting home after Jaguars game . Good luck to the Giants and Jets getting back to NJ as well . Chargers have placed RB Ryan Mathews  clavicle  and WR Malcom Floyd  ankle  on IR . RT @JayHarrisESPN Kiffin to USC   . Discipline for the Saints could include fines ,  suspensions and forfeiture of draft choices . Meaningless ,  mind blowing fact of day travelers through NY's Kennedy Airport in 2014 left 42,550 worth of change at security checkpoints . Texans' WR Will Fuller broke his collarbone today during practice ,  sources tell @sarahbarshop and me . Out indefinitely . According to ESPN Stats and Information ,  this weekend Cardinals and Colts became first teams this season not to gain a rushing first down . Broncos are concerned that rookie first round pick Garett Bolles broke his ankle ,  per source . Hoping it's a high ankle sprain . MRI in am . This is the 2nd time the Patriots' organization has been docked a 1st Round pick no other organization has lost even one since 1980.So much for my idea   still lost RT @SouthQuad Lost is ending in a few months . But I hear there is an opening for a late night show at NBC . Ten teams would report Weds ,  10 Thurs ,  10 Fri ,  with Jets and Texans reporting on Sunday . New league year would start Aug . 2 at 4 pm . Pete Carroll said he is optimistic Russell Wilson will play in Week 2 against Rams . Hes got a little bit of ...  Over past 3 seasons ,  Cam Newton has been sacked or hit while throwing or rushing 467 times ,  more than twice as many as any other QB . Of all the QBs now on Denver's roster ,  the one that might have the best chance of being a long term answer is QB Tom Brandstater . RT @RecruiterStacy JOB Seeking a Highlights Supervisor to oversee PAs in cutting ESPN show highlights ,  other elements  . Steelers CB Williams Gay helped Women's Center and Shelter of Greater Pittsburgh launch its RUSafe App ,  designed ...  Despite being listed as questionable with groinshoulder injuries ,  Bears WR Alshon Jeffery not expected to play today vs Denver ,  per source . Cardinals Gm Rod Graves fired . Steelers NT Steve McLendon is on a visit today with the NY Jets . Damn  !  Sounds like QB Kyle Orton either strained or partially tore a tendon in his right index finger . Either way ,  he should be ready for Bengals . Details on the trade that will send WR Brandon Marshall from Denver to Miami . Vikings starting free agent guard Anthony Herrera is visiting the Chicago Bears today . Could it be that ,  at 230 in the morning ,  on the day after Thanksgiving ,  Tiger Woods simply just wanted to be first on line at Best Buy  ?  Who's got the best caption for this  ?  Winner gets RT'd ...  RT @infantal2132 Any update with Giants and Victor Cruz  ?   ...  Patience ,  NY . Don't see a team out there willing to sign him to offer sheet . Raiders waived WR Max McCaffrey ,  son of Ed ,  older brother of Christian . So now we can stop speculating about where Vincent Jackson ,  Logan Mankins ,  and Albert Haynesworth might be going . Nowhere . Not this season . The seven Hall of Fame inductees this year combined for 55 Pro Bowl selections ,  the most ever by a single HOF class . Former Titans DT Sen'Derrick Marks reached agreement on a one year deal with the Jacksonville Jaguars . No great surprise ,  but Buccaneers QB Mike Glennon is expected to start Sunday while Josh McCown rests his thumb injury ,  per source . RT @jcannon2282 Do you see the ravens trading for Osi from the giants  ?   ...  Don't see Giants trading him . Seahawks WR Doug Baldwin is going to try to play Sun night vs . Colts with groin injury ,  per source . Injury been an issue . RT @Woolliee was that the worst timeout ever  ?  What was Caldwell thinking  ?   ...  Didn't like it ,  and don't think Peyton did ,  either . My fantasy team went against Chris Johnson AND Frank Gore today . Talk about no chance . I didn't just get beat . I got embarrassed  !  Cowboys LB Sean Lee is out this week . Compliments of NFL spokesman Michael Signoria Tom Brady today became the 1st QB in NFL history with 5 TD passes in 1 quarter . Antonio Pierce reveals offseason that rivals Rob Gronkowski's . Former Patriots RB Jonas Gray will sign with Miami's practice squad ,  according to @seanstellato . Gray once played on Dolphins' PS . Giants CB Walter Thurmond will undergo surgery Tuesday for season ending torn pec injury he suffered Sunday ,  per @ProFootballTalk . RT @NFLfootballinfo With 9 TD passes through 2 games ,  Brees ties Charley Johnson for NFL record for most TD passes in 1st 2 games of year . Michigan has told its biggest boosters a deal for Jim Harbaugh is done and a press conference is scheduled for Tuesday ,  per sources . Beware of Baltimore and Browns on Saturday Ravens scheduled to have 5 fourth round picks ,  Browns scheduled to have 4 fourth round picks . Chiefs announced they have signed former Raiders safety Tyvon Branch . Lions WR Calvin Johnson said that ,  despite his record breaking 2012 season ,  he played most of last season with broken fingers . Patriots officially placed OT Nate Solder on injured reserve . And there it is Chargers to place Pro Bowl G Kris Dielman on injured reserve . Offensive change in Seattle underway RB Christine Michael ,  WRs Paul Richardson and Kevin Norwood all active . RT @mortreport Colts big news   Clyde Christensen now OC . Tom Moore still on staff but keep watch  . Key's not going to like this ...  RT @mgrossoehme @AdamSchefter Keyshawn Johnson ...  You got cut for Dwayne Jarret .. Come on man  !  Two H.S . students in Riverhead ,  NY ,  were suspended one day for leading about 40 other students into the act of Tebowing . Really . Former Browns LB DQwell Jackson is visiting with Tennessee Titans today and then is scheduled to visit with Denver Broncos on Monday . Keenan Allen's agent ,  JT Johnson ,  denied his client failed any drug test . Results of recent test unknown . Some had Allen as draft's No . 1 WR . Friday 10 Spot on Saturday The odds that your favorite team will win next season's Super Bowl . Here's the vote Majority opinion is 2 1 decision to grant the stay and uphold the lockout . Giants officially activated RB Shane Vereen off injured reservedesignated for return . He will play Sunday night vs Dallas Cowboys . Even with a global settlement this week ,  Bears and Rams won't report to training camp on time . Report dates will be pushed back a few days . Statement from Arthur M . Blank on behalf of NFLs Compensation CommitteeThe Committee is continuing its work ...  Chargers' first round pick Mike Williams might need season ending back surgery ,  sources tell ESPN ...  Chiefs are planning to retain Romeo Crennel and remove interim tag from his title . Move would be popular in the locker room . First round picks now will sign 4 yr deals ,  with options for a 5th  ,  that will decrease their money 40 50% from last yr . Vets get  instead . Saints giving TE Coby Fleener a 5 year deal worth 36 million ,  per source . Rams now have taken both West Virginia WRs ,  Stedman Bailey in 3rd ,  Tavon Austin in 1st . Help for Sam Bradford on the way . Patriots' QB Jimmy Garoppolo ,  shoulder injury ,  return questionable . Rookie Jacoby Brissett in for Patriots . RT @espn  Former Giants WR Plaxico Burress on radar for 2 teams ,  agent Drew Rosenhaus says    . Former Jets and Browns HC Eric Mangini ,  who spent last season as SFs TE coach ,  expected to be hired as 49ers' DC ,  per sources . Vikings clinch first round bye with a win and Eagles loss or tie or a Vikings win ,  Packers loss or tie ,  and Eagles loss . RT @andyritchey Don't forget about Peyton Watch March 8.  ...  PPeyton March 8 ,  free agency on 13th ,  NBA trade deadline 15th . March madness . Best injury report of the year Yes  !  Twenty years ago today Magic revealed he had contracted the HIV virus  ?  Wow ... Decades do fly . Good summer for the Grimms . Russ Grimm will be inducted into the Hall of Fame next weekend . And his son Cody Grimm signed with TB today . RT @JoexTracy12 Who wins NFC east  ?  Does that team get put into SB convo  ?   ...  Of course . Winner of best division will be in convo . Making room for the new reporter in the family . The latest on Harbaugh RT @mortreport More on Harbaugh oddysey as Ross resumed meeting with Harbaugh's agent  . Saints placed LB James Laurinaitis on IR and activated first round pick Sheldon Rankins ,  who'll make his NFL debut Sunday ,  per @FieldYates . It's finally upon us and here's the message to go along with it . Forecast today in Buffalo   just the way Bills fans like it football ,  football and more football . RT @DontCallMeLil Any update on desean Jackson contract  ?   ...  Two sides not close . And with Vick signed ,  Eagles have franchise tag free . Thursday Blitz NFL's best defensive player not named JJ Watt ...  Of the flurry of signings that teams made Thursday ,  which player will have biggest impact this season  ?  Serious enough that he didn't make the trip RT @TomKessenich Any sign the Bush injury is serious Adam or are they just being safe with him  ?  49ers announced they have placed RB Carlos Hyde on IR and promoted TE Brian Leonhardt to active roster from teams practice squad . Chargers announced they are staying in San Diego for at least the 2016 season . Cowboys WR Dez Bryant is out for Sunday's game vs . Bills . Lions signed former Saints' CB Stanley Jean Baptiste to their practice squad . Broncos' kicker Matt Prater to be suspended for first four games ,  per Denver Post.Statement from DEN Suggestion our club may have colluded with another team about a negotiation is completely false and without any merit.Patriots RB Stevan Ridley ,  Lions RB Reggie Bush ,  Cardinals RB Andre Ellington all expected to play today . Jaguars announced WR Justin Blackmon suspended indefinitely . Dolphins Pro Bowl DE Cameron Wake ,  seeking new deal ,  was not present at start of Dolphins' voluntary off season workout program today . RT @Schwabcycle Well Phil got picked a coupla times ,  too .  ...  Take away the missed 57 yarder and Kaeding's missed FGs matched Rivers' INTs . NFL season kicks off 50 days from today . Chargers announced they have signed former Broncos DL Mitch Unrein to a two year contract . u , man . Colts signed undrafted WR Trey Griffey ,  son of baseball legend Ken Griffey ,  Jr.Dez caught it . To recap sense from Giantsland is Manning has some i's to dot and t's to cross and deal will be done this week ,  as early as today . Hearing Broncos Mike Nolan breakup had nothing to do with blitzing more or less . Nolan had another option ,  so did McDaniels . Each moved on . Packers placed Aaron Rodgers on IR hes done for the season . The new rules on defenseless players that NFL owners passed ,  setting off Steelers LB @jharrison9292  . A move that makes sense . RT @RVacchianoNYDN Giants to visit with Oakland's'free agent TE Brandon Myers . Big day . Football day . Supplemental draft day . Methinks Kentucky DE Jeremy Jarmon will be top player picked and go no later than 3rd round . Filed to ESPN Seattle lost its Edge today ,  waiving veteran running back Edgerrin James . White smoke now rising from Broncos training facility . Vance Joseph and Denver have reached agreement ,  source ...  Just filed to ESPN Carolina has a new QB on its roster   A.J . Feeley . He's got Carolina on his mind . Pete Carroll told 710 ESPN in Seattle that Seahawks RB Chris Carson suffered a fracture below his knee and he's going to be out.Bills announced QB EJ Manuel has been cleared to return from his knee injury . Congratulations are in order RT @NFLfootballinfo Texans LB Brian Cushing was today named the Associated Press Defensive Rookie of the Year . And so it begins Bucs Browns game Sunday will be blacked out in Tampa because it did not sellout . RT @TenaciousMe13 What's the latest on Ryan Grant and Bryan Bulaga  ?   ...  Sounds like Packers will be careful and might hold out both . Jets CB Darrelle Revis I'm not saying I will hold out . I'm not saying I won't hold out. I'm saying here we go again . Rams think their second round pick ,  South Alabama TE Gerald Everett ,  will be Sean McVay's Los Angeles version of Jordan Reed . Strange as it seems going into today's game ,  Tom Brady has thrown more touchdowns in Denver this season  3  than Peyton Manning  1 .As free agency gets ready to kick off ,  the teams with the most salary cap space via  . FOX reported first ,  and we've confirmed ,  that the Seahawks have fired head coach Jim Mora . RT @kirpaul How long do you think it will take for LJ to be signed by another team  ?  ... Do expect him to clear waivers today . Then we'll see . Ravens WR Breshad Perriman lost 4 pounds ... simply by cutting his hair . Marshawn Lynch will not receive new deal and added money he sought but Seattle expected to add some financial concessions to his contract . A video of Good Morning America's newest addition ,  John..@JoshElliottABC   . Well ,  that didn't last long . One day after releasing him ,  the Patriots resigned LB Tully Banta Cain . A loss Dallas expected Cowboys DE David Irving suspended first four games for violating NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . For all the deserved conversation about Watson ,  let's not forget to honor the British Open winner ,  Stewart Cink . Super Bowl hero James White and Patriots reached agreement on 3 year extension ,  tying him to New England for 4 years ,  per league source . Head Coach Mike McCarthy will not attend this weeks Pro Bowl in Hawaii because of a stomach illness . Doctors have advised him not to travel . In a more deserved fine ,  two league sources confirmed that Dallas OT Flozell Adams has been fined 50,000 for his late cheap shot Sunday . There you go ...  RT @jharrison9292 Whodey  !  Hello Cincinnati  !  Eagles announced they have agreed to terms with 2010 draft picks CB Trevard Lindley ,  LB Jamar Chaney ,  DT Jeff Owens and S Kurt Coleman . Green Bay Packers LB Clay Matthews has been added to NFC Pro Bowl roster ,  NFL announced today . Matthews replaces Bears LB Lance Briggs . Packers have signed WR Jake Allen from the practice squad and placed WR Brett Swain on injured reserve . Devin Hester will be happy with this RT @espnnfcwest Good for Isaac Bruce ,  new coaching intern for the Bears . He has much to offer . RT @luigi408 So 4.5 Mil a year is official number  ?  Media that cover 49ers says more than that .  ...  4.5 ,  5.5   still less than Miami . Ray Rices suspension begins Aug . 30 ,  eligible for reinstatement Sept . 12. Also will be fined additional 58,000 on top of 2 game suspension . Has to be a record Chargers released Ethan Albright and signed long snapper Mike Windt and . Windt is their FIFTH long snapper this season . Albert Haynesworth battling a sprained ankle that he will test in pregame warmups ,  but Redskins not optimistic he will play vs . Texans . Giants announced RB Peyton Hillis was placed on injured reserve with a concussion ,  his second in as many seasons . Jaguars today signed third year defensive back Michael Coe from the New York Giants practice squad to their active roster . RT @AyeYoMorg Hey Adam what are your thoughts about Raiders vs Jets game  ?   ...  Don't think Mark Sanchez will have time for hot dog Sunday . RT @rebmet I cant wait to see what you have to say about social media .  ...  Two words moss minnesota . Michael Vick ,  sandwiched on a hit ,  came up holding his collarbone . How USC DT Leonard Williams is spending last week before draft visited Jets on Monday ,  ESPN today ,  Redskins on Wednesday . Busy guy . thought . Let's not make any snap judgements . RT @justindolak @AdamSchefter Alex Smith ,  Vince Young . Which one has had the best resurgence so far  ?  is . More on Tony Romo decision to leave football and go into broadcasting . Former No . 1 overall pick Eric Fisher and Chiefs reach agreement on 4 year ,  63 million extension that includes 40M gtd ,  sources tell ESPN . Alabamas Dee Milliner ,  projected to be top CB in draft ,  will undergo surgery on torn labrum in rt shoulder after combine . More at ESPN . comBrowns HC Mike Pettine scheduled to meet with owner Jimmy Haslam at 7 pm ET ,  when he is expected to be relieved of his duties ,  per sources . One of Aaron Hernandez's representatives  . Chip Kelly ,  asked if Sam Bradford is ready to play in preseason opener Yeah ,  barring anything happening now . He's full go ,  100 percent.Something New Orleans should know dating back to week 3 of the 2007 season ,  the Giants are 18 3 in their last 21 road games . Seahawks announced they waived QB Josh Portis ,  who was arrested on suspicion of DUI on May 5.On Moving Monday ,  Yankees traded for Ichiro ,  Rangers traded for Rick Nash ,  Jets traded for Jeff Otah . Only thing missi  . RT @GTorlone Kokonis out of stadium confirmed by Clev Plain Dealer &lt  As it was told to me ,  could be scouting trip or family issues . Redskins rookie safety Su'a Cravens is playing today with a heavy heart . His grandfather ,  Adolphus Fulcher ,  died ...  Drew Brees told the Times Picayune that he and wife Brittany are expecting a second child in Oct. ,  a playmate for 15 month old Baylen . Pittsburgh's last WR roster spot likely came down to Plaxico Burress or Jerricho Cotchery . Now Burress may be done for good . More ammo for Peyton . RT @ClaytonESPN Titans land former Vikings guard Steve Hutchinson . He was torn between going to Seattle or Tennessee . Eagles HC Doug Pederson said OT Jason Peters  knee  and LB Jordan Hicks  Achilles  are out for the season . Other teams that have expressed interest in CB Josh Norman include the Bucs ,  Jets ,  Bears and Titans . Bills HC Chan Gailey said DE Mark Anderson will undergo knee surgery and be sidelined indefinitely . More Plaxico to the Giants speculation . Plaxico Burress and the Giants have been talking for a good portion of today . Vikings released K Blair Walsh ,  per source . Jets announced they have suspended Sal Alosi indefinitely because they discovered he instructed players to form a wall on sidelines . Friday 10 Spot what would expanded playoff field look like this season ,  plus other NFL news ...  Broncos offensive coordinator Mike McCoy is scheduled to interview with Bills and Cardinals on Saturday ,  Eagles on Sunday . New England traded to 21. Will pick Chandler Jones . Giants just traded up to top pick at second round ... Most Postseason Wins in NFL History   W L Steelers 36  36 23 Packers 34  34 21 Cowboys 34  34 27 Patriots 30  30 19 49ers  30  30 20  . As @JayGlazer reported ,  Vikings have reached agreement with former Bengals WR Jerome Simpson on a one year deal . Six Points @mortreport and I hit STL ,  CLEV ,  PHIl ,  TAMPA ,  MIA ,  Romo ,  Manning in first edition of our joint column ...  After getting Colts WR TY Hilton 39 million in guaranteed money ,  Drew Rosenhaus off to meet with Steelers for reworked Antonio Brown deal . Clemson WR Sammy Watkins visiting Jaguars today scheduled to visit Rams on Monday ,  then have private workout with Rams on Fri April 18th . RT @JonesDrew32 In other words they want us to be robots . Have no emotion or passion and we are talking about playoffs  Jim Mora voice .Raiders have placed first round pick CB Gareon Conley on IR ,  per @FieldYates . How happy would Archie and Olivia be if this happened and their trips to their sons would be cut in half  ?  Teams now will be allowed to re activate one player from ReserveInjured during the 2012 season ,  subject to certain restrictions . Baltimore cut James Harrison to make room for tight end Daniel Wilcox . One of the rare personnel mistakes Ravens have made . The Cedric Benson route . RT @RossAEdwards @AdamSchefter I say LJ lands nowhere this year   no upside to it . Maybe in camp next year . Please send C'mon ,  man !  suggestions   horrendous plays ,  not decisions   not to me ,  but to @tunasweasel . They'll air tomorrow night . Thx . RT @golfandscotch Is Skins opening day starting QB for 2011 currently on the roster  ?   ...  They like Rex and Beck more than people realize . Another Eagles' pickup . RT @taniaganguli The deal is done . Connor Barwin is going to the Eagles . #Texans . More work for Saints RBs Pierre Thomas and Reggie Bush   Saints won't have RB Mike Bell today . Tough guy RT @MikeSimsWalker Played thru this yesterday pretty much the whole game cause my brakes don't work  !  With a win tonight ,  Dallas would win NFC East and secure a first round bye . By not reporting to training camp today ,  Titans holdout RB Chris Johnson surrendered getting an accrued season toward free agency . Also wonder what RB Chris Johnson and WR DeSean Jackson are thinking now that another player has found a way around the 30 percent rule . Julius Peppers really has found a new home RT @SportsCenter Julius Peppers buys BJ Armstrong's home . RT @EaglesInsider Mike Vick says when he found out about Nnamdi coming ,  he texted Coach Reid Man ,  you're at it again . You're crazy.RT @SIPeterKing As if the Marshall deal isn't enough news for Denver ,  here's more Broncos host Tim Tebow at complex in Denver today . Here are the numbers ...  RT @TomSilverstein Rodgers' deal with Packers is for five years ,  110 million ,  highest salary in NFL history . Seahawks WR Doug Baldwin says team will stand ,  interlock arms before game vs . Dolphins ,  for unity ...  Major QB shakeup 49ers trading 2018 2nd round draft pick to New England for Patriots QB Jimmy Garoppolo ,  sources tell ESPN . Chiefs franchise safety Eric Berry plans to return to the team Sunday ,  per source . Falcons make it official ,  announce they have agreed with Steve Sarkisian to become their next offensive coordinator . Patriots' QB Tom Brady ,  listed as questionable for today's game vs Tennessee due to an illness ,  is expected to start vs . Titans ,  per source . Former Broncos LB Wesley Woodyard will sign with Titans ,  per @JosinaAnderson . Recapping today ,  WRs Danario Alexander and Arrelious tore their ACLs and WR Jordy Nelson underwent knee surgery . Big news Three   three  !    C'mon ,  man !  segments during ESPN's Pro Bowl pregame show . An AFC Cmon man ,  an NFC Cmon man ,  and a non NFL Cmon . Final score for Patriots Giants regular season game during NEs 16 0 season  ?  38 35. Final score for Panthers Giants 38 35.Cleveland expressed some interest in Matt Schaub ,  who could have been reunited with Kyle Shanahan ,  but Oakland wanted Schaub even more . Cardinals signed LB Scooby Wright to their 53 man roster today . ESPN's weekly NFL Power Rankings ...  One personnel director just predicted that he believes Sunday will see a record amount of waiver claims. So final rosters are not final . Great question from @bigge3021. Which playoff teams will suffer this season  ?  My guesses Miami and Arizona . Friday's 10 Spot on the  former  Chargers ,  Favre ,  Cutler ,  McNabb ,  what ails Dallas ,  and why Buffalo should be hopeful . False . RT @giants1975 Friend just called said Plaxico lawyers filling paper work to ask Obama to pardon plaxico have you heard this  ?  And the 49ers grab S Taylor Mays . #nfldraft . Filed from Mort and me Upon agreement of term sheet for new drug policy ,  these players will be reinstated ...  RT @Lfitzgerald11 Its not too late to sign up for the Larry Fitzgerald Football Camp  !  Please visit  . Steelers veterans ,  including Pittsburgh QB Ben Roethlisberger ,  are scheduled to report to team's offseason conditioning drills Monday . Cover of NY's tabloids always great  one of the best was ,  Headless Man found in Topless Bar . Falcons will place the Franchise Tag on CB Brent Grimes . RT @WhoDeyFan513 @AdamSchefter are u leavin us for CNN now  ...  That's not happening . But OCNN would be hard to pass up . For those who asked . RT @AlexFlanagan Texans tight end Owen Daniels will play against colts despite hyper extended knee . Because of the continuing coverage of the Jameis Winston story ,  NFL Insiders will move over to ESPN2 at 3 pm ET today . And Jarryd Hayne ,  one of the best stories of the summer ,  made it . Tiki and Ronde Barber always wanted to play together at the NFL level . Ronde signed last month for one more year in Tampa . #justsayin . Jayron Hosley will be eligible to return to Giants active roster on Friday ,  Sept . 26 following teams Sept . 25 game against Redskins . Raiders HC Dennis Allen announced that LT Jared Veldheer has a torn left triceps   big blow for Oakland . Ravens signed 19 undrafted free agents ,  including former Florida QB John Brantley . Best comment so far for Chris Johnson's car  ?  wit . New York Jets claimed former Buccaneers TE Austin Seferian Jenkins on waivers ,  per source . As @SLP1313 says ,  how many other athletes out there are watching this Tiger mess ,  knowing the skeletons that could come out of their closet  ?  RT @TheJeremyDSmith More likely to be on a roster next year  ?  T.O. ,  Randy Moss ,  David Garrard  ?   ...  Garrard . How about as Matt Ryan's backup  ?  Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . For what it's worth ,  teams that have interviewed Cam Newton at the Combine include the Dolphins ,  Titans ,  49ers ,  Seahawks and Cowboys . A blast from the past filed to ESPN the Broncos have reached agreement with free agent CB Ty Law . He has physical tonight ,  signs after . Hard not to root for Seahawks FB Derrick Coleman ...  Patriots already have lost O Line coach Dante Scarnecchia ,  TE coach George Godsey ,  LB coach Pepper Johnson . Now could lose Nick Caserio . Jack Del Rio on why no timeout on last play of last drive I asked Dirk  Koetter  do you want a timeout there and he said no . Thats why.Philadelphia has emerged as leading candidate to host 2017 NFL Draft ,  per sources . NFL considering Philly ,  LA   neither has a 1 next year . Just know he's questionable ,  game time decision . RT @collinBREEN @AdamSchefter how bad is the injury to manningham  ?  what did he do  ?  Eagles WR Dorial Green Beckham ,  listed as questionable for Sunday vs . Washington with an abdomen injury ,  is out ,  per source . A review of Andrew Luck's contract shows 47 million guaranteed at time of signing ,  60 million guaranteed by start of 2017 league year . Some Giant trouble RT @cnnbrk Former NFL star Lawrence Taylor arrested in rape investigation ,  police say  . Demetrius Bell does have the bloodlines   he the son of former NBA great Karl Malone . DT Albert Haynesworth is scheduled to undergo a physical at Redskins headquarters at 630 am Wednesday ,  just before team's minicamp . Buccaneers have signed QB Mike Kafka ,  agent Mike McCartney said via Twitter . With Riley Cooper back at Eagles practice ,  one more look at the photo that defines this NFL off season ...  Football nearing Buffalo Bills first training camp practice at St . John Fisher College will be Thursday ,  July 26th at 300 PM . Broncos TE Julius Thomas is inactive . Family ,  food ,  football   nothing like it . Best wishes to you and your family for a happy and safe Thanksgiving . This is fact checked ,  confirmed and interesting . RT @BigNeilD @AdamSchefter Fun fact John Candy was born on Halloween . Spent Monday morning @bommaritos with Plaxico Burress . Parts of interview will run today on SportsCenter ,  NFL Live ,  NFL32. Man's in shape . Roger Goodell was aware of Annie Apple's disappointment in lack of desserts at Draft in Chicago and sent her a delivery of brownies today . Just left my house and a giant tree has fallen in and blocked one road out . And the heart of the storm still is coming . John Fox declined HC interview with Jets ,  per NFL source . Hard to imagine turning down one HC chance unless there's real chance for another . Former Jaguars HC Mike Mularkey is deciding whether to accept a position coach job with Tennessee Titans or Minnesota Vikings ,  per source . Best collection of 1 oclock games in a long time . Chargers released safety Kevin Ellison ,  defensive tackle Ian Scott ,  fullback Cory Jackson and wide receiver Jordyn Jackson.49ers QB Colin Kaepernick ,  who did not play Sunday night ,  is dealing with what two sources called a dead arm. SF hopes strength back soon . Bears LB Brian Urlacher wound up releasing a statement about the passing of his mother ,  Lavoyda ,  who died Monday at her home in Texas . RT @DeeWilson804 Will Titans sign Osi  ?   ...  Enough with the Osi questions . Doesn't look like he's going anywhere . One more year on contract . Josh McCown has agreed to terms with Cleveland ,  per his agent @MikeMcCartney7.Peyton Manning wrote about his recent USO Tour ,  which included a stop in Afghanistan . Manning can write ,  too . More details on the Rams calling Brett Favre ...  Sorry ,  @JonesDrew32.RT @wingoz lockout ending on 7252011 ?  just so happens to be Walter Payton's birthday ... somewhat fitting . RIP SWEETNESS . Bengals close to a deal with former Cowboys CB Terrance Newman and also exploring a a trade that would send LB Keith Rivers to Giants . Planes ,  trains ,  automobiles continue Giants now waiting to see when they can leave Kansas City because of snow in Detroit . Seahawks RB C.J . Prosise is expected to play Sunday vs Giants . Dez Bryant officially active . Julio Jones officially active . Browns WR Josh Gordon has been suspended one year ,  per league source . It's official Falcons QB Matt Ryan and RB Michael Turner are INactive . RT @willaaye Are RamsVikings considering RG3 with picks 2 & 3 ?   ...  They're in catbird seat . Any team that wants RG3 has to trade there . RT @ShawnMahnke @AdamSchefter How long do you think Winfield will be out  ?  &lt  Mort's reporting he could be out four to six weeks . Well ,  that didn't take long Anquan Boldin agrees to a new four year ,  28 million contract with the Ravens . My fantasy leagues are going to be rigged . Here's how I'm going to tweet about every one of the players I don't draft . Expect to hear his name called early in the 2017 draft  . support . Redskins HC Jay Gruden announced RGIII has a dislocated ankle and DeSean Jackson has sprained AC joint in shoulder . Former Packers head coach Mike Sherman interviewed for the Buccaneers head coaching job on Wednesday, . happens . No joke RT @EricStangel Nationals Phenom Stephen Strasburg to present Top Ten list Thursday night on @LateShow with David Letterman  !  Raiders are mourning the passing of Al LoCasale ,  who spent more than 50 years in football ,  including 34 with the Silver and Black . Update on the other WR who was injured today  . Bucs bringing in former Chiefs K Cairo Santos for physical to see where he is with his adductor sprain ,  per source . About two weeks away . RT @SportsJerk03  Are Rams really going after McNabb  ?   ...  They are not . They haven't had a single conversation with Rams regarding McNabb . Only HOFers Jerry Rice ,  John Stallworth have more postseason TDs than Larry Fitzgerald . Last year Broncos were 1 of first NFL teams to conduct mandatory domestic violence training . All in orgn attended ,  including John Bowlen . Despite injuring his knee Thurs ,  Bucs RB Peyton Hillis not expected to miss much time ,  maybe a couple of days ,  per source . Fact that Vikings reworked Allen's contract speaks to how comfortable they are with the DE that had character questions before his arrival . Lane Johnson eligible to return to Eagles active roster on Monday ,  December 19 following teams December 18 game against Baltimore Ravens . RT @nyjets Jets have released WR Laveranues Coles . They also waived WRs Marcus Henry and Aundrae Allison and DL R . Wright . On I 90 ,  going East towards Foxboro ,  and need a good restaurant right off the highway in Albany for dinner . What do we have faithful tweeps  ?  Teams also could always change their minds on McNabb . But as it stands ,  Arizona ,  Carolina and SF are not in  not too late to reconsider .NFL is committed to replacement officials through at least 2nd week of preseason . Costs of replacements will come from officials union pool . Mike Ornstein denied offering a 10,000 bounty on Brett Favre ,  as NFL claimed he did Monday . He also said he did not see Vilma offer any .Friday 10 Spot Tony Gonzalez and Jason Hanson aiming to win their first NFL playoff games . Bengals CB Adam Jones was ordered to pay 11.7 million for his role in a Las Vegas strip club shooting . Texans officially hire former Broncos offensive line coach Rick Dennison as their offensive coordinator . NFL officially hired Dean Blandino today as the new VP of officiating ,  replacing Carl Johnson . ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown coming on at 11 am ET . @morteport and I will be answering 10 big NFL questions ,  plus Sunday headlines . There are many betting on the Browns to win it all . Some notable roster moves Saints activated LB Jonathan Vilma Patriots placed DT Tommy Kelly on IR . Adam Gase isn't just NFL's newest head coach . Now also the youngest at 37 years old . Steven Ross ,  @MikeTirico ,  and fellow @umich grad @DhaniJones will be in Ann Arbor on 119 for the inaugural @umsbc . Did you see this ,  @espnSteveLevy  ?  Another person from our HS ,  Bellmore JFK ,  won mixed doubles at the French Open . Congrats to Scott Lipsky . Colts are putting a statue of Peyton Manning outside Lucas Oil Stadium   not via Mosley Manning . Updated version of CBA . Sides can't agree on division of revenues or the financial data the NFLPA requested . RT @buffalobills Jim Kelly is DONE with chemotherapy  !  Saints fired Rob Ryan as @alexmarvez reported they would . Dennis Allen is Saints new defensive coordinator ,  per @mortreport . Broncos WR Brandon Stokley was fined 25,000 for making intentional physical contact with a game official . Until there is specific written authorization from NFL for contract extensions to occur   and there has not been   t  . More Favre updates   this time from a game RT @skjensen Favre . Two series . One for 4 ,  for 4 yards . But no turnovers or fumbles  !  Great note from @mortreport . Former President George H.W . Bush ,  41 ,  wrote a note of encouragement to Texans this week . Raiders listened to trade offers for LB Thomas Howard and CB Chris Johnson but ,  at least for time being ,  opted against trading them . Broncos CB Champ Bailey did not practice today ,  WR Wes Welker did . Ravens TE Ed Dickson did LB Pernell McPhee limited . Former Ravens LB Daryl Smith visiting the Tampa Bay Buccaneers . Your day is going better than Adrian Peterson's . He's undergoing groin surgery this morning ,  via @JosinaAnderson . Cowboys WR Dez Bryant could get served at team hotel this weekend ,  according to @RapSheet   . Rams already have had preliminary discussions about trading the No . 2 overall pick . Good day for Colin Kaepernick ,  who before today was scheduled to make 1.073 million this season ,  and @BASportsGuy ,  who was on top of story . Cannot and will not confirm this . RT @tuherick Next you're going to tell us that Peyton Manning has an ingrown toenail . Pls make it stop  !  Predicting breakout stars for all 32 NFL teams . Saints RB Pierre Thomas is inactive . And finally a voice of reason . RT @NFLJesus DeMaurice said unto the Players Let us not quarrel for we are all Brothers Genesis 138, . Eagles are going to miss Giants Stadium . They won their last four games there   three against the Giants and one against the Jets . New Falcons CB Dunta Robinson cashed in with Atlanta . He signed a six year ,  57 million contract that includes 25.5 million in guarantees . SF . Would anybody be surprised if New England and Green Bay met again  ?  Jim Tomsula said he plans to play LB NaVorro Bowman on Saturday at Houston for first time since he hurt knee in 2014 NFC Championship game . Ravens have appointed Steve Spagnuolo to be their secondary coach and have hired Brian Pariani as tight ends coach . Happy Easter and Opening Day to all . RT @DrewLitton A different take on the Reggie Bush Heisman Trophy fiasco   ESPN  . Giants released QB Josh Johnson ,  K Mike Nugent and TE Will Tye ,  and placed linebacker Mark Herzlich on injured reserve . The great @Edwerderespn offers advice to families dealing with cancer . Ryan Broyles starts at WR for Detroit . WR Calvin Johnson active  as usual . TE Owen Daniels is active but CB Jonathan Joseph is inactive . Five weeks after Tom Brady's appeal ,  court decision should be close . Here's the deal on La'el Collins deal with Dallas Cowboys fully guaranteed the 3 year ,  1.65 million deal ,  per source . Fully guaranteed . Ben Roethlisberger has a mid foot sprain and is expected to be sidelined a few weeks ,  per source . Bears placed WR Brandon Marshall ,  who was released from hospital Sunday ,  on season ending IR . Broncos' rookie LT Ty Sambrailo now expected to go on IR and likely to undergo shoulder surgery . Five teams that could claim WR Randy Moss once he is waived 1  Rams 2  Raiders 3  Redskins 4  Seahawks 5  Chiefs . If no claim ,  Pats . RT @CarlosaBrito Who else am I gonna rely on to report Plax's release  ?   ...  @JeremySchaap will be there live . ESPN'll have it well covered . Making it official ,  Ravens HC John Harbaugh announced TE Dennis Pitta is out for the year . Buffalo's old owner and GM work late hours   At 1141 p.m. ,  the Bills announced they fired their VP of pro personnel John Guy . Chris Conte is re signing with Tampa ,  a two year deal worth 5 million with incentives that can bring it to 7M ,  and 2.5M gtd ,  per source . Jay Ratliff was fined 5,000 for roughing the passer he struck Redskins QB Donovan McNabb in the knee area . Jeremy Lin is 1st player since LeBron James in 2003 with 20 points and 8 assists in first two NBA starts . He's the Knicks' Victor Cruz . Friday Blitz on Saturday Since Patriots hired Bill Belichick in 2000 ,  NFL teams have hired 138 other HCs ...  San Diego Chargers have agreed to terms on a one year contract with running back and former first round draft pick Ronnie Brown . Debated tweeting projected winner in each state before its announced but know how much people despise that during NFL draft . So won't . Ravens are re signing DT Brandon Williams ,  per source . Giants expect wide receiver Hakeem Nicks to play tonight   the question is how effective he will be . RT @adbrandt Am told we will have a ratified CBA by 4p et Thursday as expected . No details but 2011 League Year will finally begin . And @RSherman25 texted this to @Edwerderespn I apologize for attacking an individual and taking the attention away ... Mort's bus driver ,  Jay Michaels ,  passed up chance to drive Tom Petty till October so he could take @mortreport on his training camp tour . Matt Forte is signing with the NY Jets ,  per source . First time eligibles for HOF Class of 2017 includeS  Brian DawkinsQB Donovan McNabbDE Jason TaylorRB LaDainian TomlinsonWR Hines Ward . Colts bringing Chiefs director of personnel Chris Ballard back for a second interview ,  per Colts source . First candidate to get second int . Still haven't gotten over being benched in the Broncos last game of the season . Former Chiefs LB Derrick Thomas will have his No . 58 retired at halftime of Sunday's Kansas City Denver game . By being inactive today ,  Ryan Fitzpatrick will finish season with an 81.8 QB rating ,  earning a 150,000 bonus for a QB rating between 80 90.In if @richeisen is . RT @OneNineGetLive @AdamSchefter have u thought about competing w eisen @ next combine 2 c whos 40 time is better . Hmmm ... Former South Florida coach Jim Leavitt is making the rounds in Mobile . Reason Andy Reid is not at practice is he's dealing with a personal issue ,  according to team spokesman . Eagles will update after practice . No . 1 overall pick Eric Fisher and Chiefs have agreed to terms on a five year deal . Really don't know where I am ,  but know this much is true . RT @baileychelle But there's a Cracker Barrel somewhere close ,  I'm sure .  Marshawn Lynch ,  Fred Jackson ,  now CJ Spiller . Another former Bills RB winds up in Seattle . Spiller visited there last night ,  signed today . Thanks to @Keithski @JeffTefertiller @ugner @bethg40 @SactoRick3178 @EricStangel @jaybirdms @suze109 @FDCMikeClay @Fabian4ever @NECHOWDER . Draft week feels big . Draft day feels even bigger . One potential free agent off market Bengals and MLB Rey Maualuga reached agreement on a 3 year deal ,  per source . Titans are hiring HC Mike Mularkey ,  sources told ESPN . Mark Fabiani says Chargers will file for relocation to Los Angeles in January . Saints assistant DL coach Travis Jones has agreed to become Seahawks lead DL coach . Bears WR Cameron Meredith threw our first pitch before Chicago White Sox game last night   got pitch in before injuring ligament today . With new Dannon deal ,  sponsors will pay Dak Prescott about 3 million this year ,  five times what Cowboys will  540,000  ,  per @darrenrovell . So it turns out before deadline ,  Jets announced they signed Mo Wilkerson to an extension . More questions . RT @FauxJohnMadden  Any truth that Rex Ryan will bring in Jeter to show Vernon Gholston how to hit  ?  Buffalo LB Khalil Mack ,  projected as a top pick ,  is visiting Jacksonville today and Weds ,  before traveling to St . Louis on Thurs and Fri . NFL world in 2017 former FOX analyst John Lynch is 49ers' GM . Former Cowboys' QB Tony Romo will be in broadcast booth . A team to monitor when Plaxico Burress is released from prison St . Louis . Rams need a big time WR . HC Steve Spagnuolo is a Burress booster . spelling . Seahawks free agent CB Walter Thurmond is visiting the Jaguars in next 24 hours ,  per sources . Texans released WR Kevin Walter ,  per league source . RT @JRODPRPRINCE  Any word on whether Cassel's starting  ?   ...  My sense is ,  It'll be Cassel . But nothing official for 90 more minutes . Filed to ESPN Three way trade   Eagles get LB Ernie Sims ,  Lions get TE Tony Scheffler ,  Broncos get undisclosed draft pick . RT @EricStangel NFL Pacman Jones signs with Bengals . I'm not sure he's rehabilitated  He asked to be paid in singles ... Bills announced they are not tagging S Jairus Byrd . Browns 1st round pick Joe Haden still hasn't signed ,  but he has reached agreement on a new deal . 33.Seahawks HC Jim Mora on his dad criticizing Jay Cutlers presser  I thought to myself ,  Now isnt that the pot calling the kettle black ? Shaq Lawson was making swim move on tackling dummy in non contact drill when he aggravated shoulder injury that will sideline him 5 6 months . Seahawks LB Lofa Tatupu underwent arthroscopic surgery on both knees today . Seahawks also signed DT Jay Alford . For those up late tonight who are craving a little football ,  NFL Live airing early this morning at 1230 a.m . on ESPN . RT @tomecurran The NFL owes a debt of deep gratitude   players and owners both   to Robert Kraft for sacrifices he's made in CBA talks . Miles Austin has 421 receiving yards the past two weeks   a Cowboys franchise record for a two game stretch . It's not just signings   its cuts ,  too . Bears released CB Nathan Vasher . Valid points on draft ,  all . But remember ,  draft used to be Tuesday . My guess is ,  over time ,  people will forget draft even was on weekend . opps . Lions   who lost out on Ronnie Brown   worked out free agent RBs James Davis ,  Charles Scott ,  Chauncey Washington ,  and DeShawn Wynn . NFL named HOFer Derrick Brooks an appeals officer today . Brooks will hear player appeals of on field discipline and replaces Matt Birk . Fantasy alert RT @espnnfcwest Justin Forsett to start at RB for Seahawks but Carroll says it's not clear which back will get most carries . ESPN's Mike Tirico will interview Dolphins owner Stephen Ross to air on Monday Night Countdown or MNF halftime . You've answered your own question . RT @fpennel Any chance Joe Thomas gets traded to the Packers .  If so ,  what is Cleveland thinking  ?  Former Jags S Johnathan Cyprien is going to do a deal today after 4pm with the Titans ,  per source . Redskins re signed RB Marcus Mason and signed G Paul Fanaika from Philadelphias practice squad . What do you think Tony thinks of this  ?  RT @NormClarke JESSICA SIMPSON BACK WITH JOHN MAYER . Case now goes forward ...  RT @ProFootballTalk U.S . Court of Appeals overturns Judge Doty on 2012 collusion case . Here it is RT @NFLCharean Jerry admitted Manziel was highest rated player on Cowboys' board at No . 16. Just too much invested in Romo . Joining @1023ESPN around 530 ET  330 MT to talk #NFLDraft . Tune into 102.3 in Denver or listen live  . Chiefs and John Dorsey did not agree to part ways ,  per source . Chiefs dismissed John Dorsey ,  per source . Their decision . Looks as if doctors gave Teddy Bridgewater the news he wanted  . Big Ben eludes a different kind of rush RT @espn Sources Ben Roethlisberger will not be charged     . Bengals listing WR A.J . Green and his toe injury as doubtful for Sunday vs . Baltimore . Don't worry ,  Viking fans . Just arthroscopic surgery ,  a cleanup . RT @PercyHarvin Just found out I will need surgery on shoulder . Bucs S Tanard Jackson has been suspended indefinitely without pay for violating the NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . Raiders LT Menelik Watson underwent arthroscopic surgery on torn lateral meniscus last week ,  expected to be sidelined one month . Rams traded former first round pick Adam Carricker to Redskins . Still awaiting word on what the Rams get in return . Dr . Mark Myerson operated on Redskins TE Chris Cooley this morning . From the sounds of it ,  Cooley could be playing again in four weeks . Chargers TE Antonio Gates is active WRs Malcom Floyd and Legedu Naanee are inactive . Patrick Crayton and Buster Davis start at WR . Britton Colquitt's three year extension is worth 11.7 million and averages 3.9 million per year . Raise your kids to be punters . My contract with NFLN just expired ,  officially . Want to thank it for five great years and wish the people there the very best . On to ESPN ... Wait ,  so the Angels traded Mike Scioscia's son ,  Matt ,  for Wayne Gretzky's son ,  Trevor  ?  RT @McShay13 Julio Jones is out of control .  Ran a 4.39 in 40  on two scouts' watches  and just jumped a ridiculous 11'3 broad jump . Please join   but don't laugh at   me and @mortreport as we host @MikeAndMike from 6 to 10 am ET . No chance we Wally Pipp them . Detroit is re signing Haloti Ngata to a 2 year deal ,  per source . Wondered the same thing today ...  RT @clarencehilljr Which cleaned out unit has more talent right now The cowboys DL or panthers WR  ?  Pittsburgh Steelers announced a three year contract extension for HC Mike Tomlin that ties him to team through 2016.NFL eliminated traditional AFC NFC Pro Bowl matchup will be replaced with Pro Bowl fantasy like draft ,  per ESPN sources . Rams agreed to terms today with WR Brian Quick ,  the 33rd overall pick . He will sign Wednesday . Aaron Hernandez went in players' entrance ,  wearing sweats . Updates won't stop anytime soon ,  not this day and age . Colts announced they have suspended gameday consultant Jim Tressel the first six games of the season . Chargers take Melvin Ingram ,  Bears take Shea McClellin . Lemme rephrase on Fred Jackson thumb injury . He was escorted off ,  not carted off ,  in obvious pain . Raiders kicked off HC interviews Friday in Oakland ,  where they met for four hours with Dolphins asst . Todd Bowles . Plan to interview 4 more . Big Baby to the Big Easy . RT @GregBensel Saints agree to terms on a one year deal with DT Shaun Rogers . Redskins GM Bruce Allen says it's 'too early to tell' if RG3 will be ready for start of training camp ...  Real chance to win NFC West . RT @trevorthegreat @AdamSchefter Any thoughts on the Niners' prospects for the rest of the year  ?  Florida QB Tim Tebow broke the combine record for QBs with a 38 inch vertical jump . He also ran an impressive 40 time of 4.72 seconds . 49ers RB Frank Gore agreed to 3 year extension worth 21 million ,  including 13.5 million guaranteed . St . Louis Rams claimed quarterback Kellen Clemens on waivers from the Houston Texans . Randy Gregory suspended without pay for at least one year for violating NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . Pasco County Fla . sheriff confirmed that Roy Halladay ,  a two time Cy Young winner and a father ,  died in a plane crash . Bengals free agent CB Leon Hall  scheduled to visit Arizona on Monday ,  per source . Chargers traded WR Dontrelle Inman to the Bears for a seventh round pick ,  per sources . Missing 2 starters on O line ,  Giants changing starters at 3 positions Geoff Schwartz from RG to LG ,  John Jerry to RG ,  Dallas Reynolds to C . Washington traded TE Derek Carrier to LA Rams ,  per source . Carrier reunited with Sean McVay . As one GM texted Tuesday ,  Going dark. As requested ,  we'll resume tweeting after 1st round is complete . Enjoy draft on ESPN or @ESPNNFL . Our afternoon project ,  my children and I . Falcons ruled out RB Tevin Coleman ,  CB Desmond Trufant and TE Jacob Tamme for Sunday vs Eagles . Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger threw for 5 ... 0 ... 3   503 yards . My dad ... And Happy Father's Day to anyone lucky enough to spend it as a dad or with your dad.. RT @SportsCenter If you didn't see Tiger Woods' interview on SportsCenter you can watch the entire video here ...  And I'd also throw in Arizona and Green Bay as guesses ,  too . But honestly don't know and we're going to see . So now the Patriots are taking Revis money and funneling it into Front 7.Rough off season for Falcons WRs continues   Julio Jones brother was shot in Alabama . Esteban  ?  RT @CaylanKing Man ,  you should host the ESPY's  !  That would make things interesting  !   ...  Nope ,  I'm just going to spell the ESPYs ,  that's it . Patriots signed DB Kyle Arrington off practice squad and to the 53 man roster from to fill the spot that belonged to G Kendall Simmons . Browns HC Pat Shurmur announced that rookie Brandon Weeden will be Cleveland's starting QB this season . DeMarco Murray would consider a final offer from Cowboys ,  per source ,  but he's going to Philadelphia with intention of signing with Eagles . Seattle defensive coordinator Kris Richard is expected to interview with the Buffalo Bills as soon as Sunday ,  per league source . RT @adbrandt Packers re sign John Kuhn .  The cult hero returns . NFLPA NFL meeting at New York City hotel . Includes select players ,  De Smith ,  select owners ,  Roger Goodell ,  Chief Magistrate Judge Boylan . After today's win over Cincinnati ,  Colts gave a game ball to owner Jim Irsay . Whoa RT @TonyGonzalez88 SO glad to be home  !  We took off and the right engine went out . Had to make emergency landing . Good day to be alive  !  Contract extensions for Rams HC Jeff Fisher and GM Les Snead . RT @hdnemortal Who do the niners play if the lions win  ?   ...  If Saints win they play at SF . If Lions win they play at GB . Dolphins G Richie Incognito told @JeffDarlington he has been suspended indefinitely . Rex Ryan I definitely expect Braylon back.I see us tendering him  at a  first and a third round pick ,  as high as we can go with him.There also could be hefty fines handed down against ATL and CLEV for its roles in unapproved NFL activities . Announcement coming by Tuesday . When UFL becomes relevant espn'll figure out RT @OneWinLions How Is ESPN Going To Cover UFL Fairly If It Has Strong Contract Ties To NFL  ?  With Broncos loss ,  Bengals are in the playoffs and Titans are out . Raiders LB Rolando McClain was sentenced today to 180 days in jail . But his attorney Harvey Steinberg said he   . Teams still shuffling rosters . RT @RalphCindrich Bills client JP Foschi just released . Former Redskins QB John Beck agreed to a deal with the Houston Texans . Almost 6,000 U.S . military personnel were spinal cord injured from 2000 to 2009. Please support them . Donate now . I did . bit.lypowerofwe . Broncos hired former HC Gary Kubiak as a scouting advisor based in TX. ,  as @MikeKlis reported . Will pop into Denver for occasional meetings . Former Vikings WR Cordarelle Patterson visited the Bears ,  per source . RT @TLanceB why doesn't Arizona just change their name to the DesertJets  ?   ...  Feeley ,  Rhodes ,  Faneca ,  now Miller   good suggestion . Steelers also claimed cornerback Antwon Blake on waivers from the Jacksonville Jaguars . Bills announced that Jim Hostler ,  the Ravens former WR coach ,  has been named the teams senior offensive assistant . Browns HC Mike Pettine said it's unrealistic to expect Johnny Manziel to play Sunday now that the QB is in concussion protocol . Dolphins signed wide receiver Jabar Gaffney ,  terminated the contracts of defensive lineman Andre Fluellen and wide receiver Legedu Naanee . Not Sunday and maybe not this season . But there's hope . RT @sexiskigrl @AdamSchefter so does that mean Westbrook will play Sunday  ?  !  Bengals' LB Vontaze Burfict was fined just under 70,000 for three separate infractions Sunday vs Steelers . He is appealing . RT @FauxJohnMadden  @AdamSchefter Cleveland clinches AFC North title with all the events in the movie 2012 happening . Condolences to family and friends of a TE that changed the game . RT @ProFootballHOF Class of 1992 John Mackey has passed away at age 69.Recent Buffalo departuresTrades Dareus ,  Watkins ,  Darby ,  Ragland ,  JonesFree Agency Gilmore ,  Woods ,  Goodwin ,  Gillislee ,  Brown ,  Manuel . Cardinals game vs the Seattle Seahawks at University of Phoenix Stadium now is sold out and will be televised live locally . RT @MrCaseyNunez Family and friends will search river . As sun rises we need volunteers to come out and help kennerst charles parish line . Michigan has a new candidate to one day becomes its head coach . Filed to ESPN Steelers and Troy Polamalu agreed to a new four year deal . Ties safety to franchise through 2014.Chiefs CB Marcus Peters officially inactive today . Vvvvvery classy . RT @bhofheimerespn ESPY charity events raise 1.63 million for The V Foundation for Cancer Research  . Bills TE Charles Clay expected to miss multiple weeks after undergoing surgery today on torn meniscus and MCL sprain ,  per source . Bills WR Sammy Watkins had 136 yards on 11 catches and headlines the @EASPORTSMUT Team of the Week . #adLions HC Jim Schwartz hired Jeff Fisher's son ,  Brandon Fisher ,  as an assistant to Detroit's defensive coaching staff . Patriots now have won at least 10 games in 12 straight seasons ,  the second longest streak in NFL history  49ers 16 straight from 1983 98 .Rams reached agreement on a 1 year deal with former Patriots DT Dominique Easley ,  per source . Colts are trading TE Dwayne Allen to the Patriots ,  per source . The surgeon team of Watkins and Watkins was a winner for some . RT @CRMStephen Started both in Fantasy Hospital . Mike Nugent ,  not Neil Rackers ,  will be kicking for the Cardinals today . Rackers is inactive . Jim Harbaugh scheduled to land in Michigan tonight . He will sign richest contract in college football history . Who's got it better than him  ?  Bills announced that RB Fred Jackson has signed a contract extension . True warrior . Michael Bennett to support minority groups with endorsement donations . New Chiefs WR Chris Chambers is active today . RT @SIPeterKing Atlanta coach Mike Smith ushered off charter home from Charlotte ,  taken to hospital for chest pain . Not heart attack . Former Patriots and Chiefs tackle Ryan OCallaghan comes out as gay ...  Josh Sitton signing a 3 year ,  21.75 million deal that includes 10M guaranteed with the Chicago Bears ,  per source . Calvin Johnson gets 60 million guaranteed ,  Mario Williams 50 million . Drew Brees now has more leverage ,  New Orleans less . RT @QuotesBySap Are the packers your super bowl favorites  ?   ...  Don't like picking SB teams on April 30 ,  but they will be in conversation . Hall of Famer John Madden disapproves of Raiders to Vegas plan ...  Jets had granted Tim Tebow permission this off season to seek a trade . More than one team asked if were willing to play TE ,  but he was not . Jackpot Kansas City reached agreement with RB Jamaal Charles on a five year ,  32.5 million deal that includes 13 million guaranteed . For those that missed Ms . Childress RT @Ands651 Brad Childress has a new sideline outfit . JK . RT @vshiancoe  . Firing season starting early Panthers announced that GM Maryy Hurney ,  a classy man ,  has been relieved of his duties . Classy gesture from classy guy . RT @espnnfceast Kolb hears from McNabb on Day 1     . Fine folks at Baltimoreravens.com   Geoff ,  Dave ,  Nate ,  Mike   deserve shout out for tech support . The numbers game . RT @RedskinsDotCom Just received word ... Donovan McNabb to wear No . 5 with Redskins ,  Colt Brennan switches to 15.Air cast for Washington RB Chris Thompsons right leg . Cam Newton said he has spoken to Johnny Manziel . Newton wouldn't discuss specifics ,  but he said Manziel has to ...  John Elway to Tom Jackson on Peyton Manning He's a great player with a chip on his shoulder ,  which is always dangerous.Penn St . makes if official ,  announces it has hired James Franklin as its new head coach . curious . Bills have hired former Jets defensive coordinator Mike Pettine to be their defensive coordinator ,  via @mortreport .RT @CoastalAdvisors The Big Daddy Celebrity Golf Classic will be held Monday June 25th at the Oheka Castle ,  supporting @NorthShoreLIJ . Former Jaguars OC Greg Olson ,  a favorite to become Bills OC ,  now is planning to become the Los Angeles Rams QB coach ,  per league source . Bills TE Charles Clay ,  questionable for Sunday vs KC due to knee injury ,  is expected to play ,  per source . Still working out the glitches from Mexico City ...  RT @bdischy Coincedence that PIT has 5 National TV games but 0 of their first 6 games  ?   ...  I think not . Schedule maker knows something . RT @RossTuckerNFL Today's podcast w @AdamSchefter insight into Childress status and MossMerriman waiver process  . Steelrs ,  Skins ,  Saints ,  Bucs ,  Boys ,  Chargrs ,  Browns ,  Lions ,  Colts ,  Eagls ,  Raidrs ,  Phins ,  Bengls ,  Bills ,  Chiefs ,  49ers ,  Pats @ Pryor workout . Lions RB Jahvid Best is likely to start this season on physically unable to perform list ,  which would sideline him at least first six games . NFL suspended Broncos LB Joe Mays for one game for the helmet to helmet hit he put on Texans QB Matt Schaub . Mays is appealing suspension . One of the great parts if working at ESPN Never know who you'll bump into in the halls . The great @ariannahuff ...  Sad news from Canton . RT @ProFootballHOF Hall of Famer Bill Dudley passed away  this morning at age 88.The @Elite11 documentary trailer is live . @TDESPN staff including @georgewhitfield @JwPalms select the top 11 HS QBs  . Bob Griese believes Ryan Tannehill is the real deal  as do others . Griese says Dolphins' Tannehill the real deal . next  ?  Broncos QB Tim Tebow to start Sunday against Houston ,  and presumably last game vs . SD ,  too . Browns announced they activated WR Josh Gordon from exemptcommissioner permission list and waived LB Keith Pough . Bears statement on TE Zach Miller During our game at the New Orleans Saints yesterday ,  TE Zach Miller ...    . License plate of the day ...  Heat turned up Tom Brady ,  Peyton Manning and Drew Brees told AP it is time for NFL owners and players to wrap up negotiations on a deal . Lockout benefit getting to watch 60 Minutes ,  a first rate show . If you missed tonight's gospel music story ,  please go watch it . Incredible . Malcolm Butler's interception was a game changer for agent ,  too ...  RT @JTTheBrick Herm Edwards comments about Tiger were outstanding . You only have your last name as your legacy to pass down to your kids . From NFL to UFL Daunte Culpepper went from one time Lion to Mountain Lions and Ahman Green went from one time Seahawk to Nighthawks . Bad news for NE RT @JosinaAnderson Agent Carl Poston told me looks like Andre  Carter  has quad related injury that will require surgery.An ESPN Outside the Lines investigation turns up latest issue for Saints Mickey Loomis could eavesrop on coaches  . A sign of the absurdity RT @ESPNDallas Jerry Jones gets special permission to attend Tony Romo's wedding    . #tbt  ...  Just because ...  Florida CB Jalen 'Teez' Tabor announces he is declaring for NFL draft . Chargers President Dean Spanos announced his team will retire No . 55 at halftime of the home opener against the Titans on Sun ,  Sept . 16.Active Aaron Rodgers ,  Shane Vereen ,  Sammy Watkins ,  Randall Cobb ,  Christine Michael.Inactive Theo Riddick ,  AJ Green . Steelers' QB Ben Roethlisberger will undergo knee surgery Monday for torn meniscus ,  as @RonCookPG reported . Out next week vs Pats ,  at least . Wes Welker's press conference now on ESPN2's NFL32 ... Rams' new uniforms for this season  . Jay Cutler's agent ,  Bus Cook ,  said that ,  contrary to speculation ,  his client does not intend to retire at this ...  Meet S . Holmes ,  D . Keller ,  A . Maybin and other Jets and help two great causes by attending or donating at  . Giants spent 105.5M in guaranteed money on Vernon ,  Harrison ,  Jenkins . Team spent combined 85.1M guaranteed on free agents past 5 seasons . Falcons RB Devonta Freeman done for day with a concussion . Dad of Bills S Aaron Williams told AP his son intends to wait until offseason to determine whether to keep playing after latest neck injury . Kind of day it was Seven NFL teams failed to score an offensive TD on Sunday ,  the most on a single day since Dec . 16 ,  2001  also 7 .Eagles are concerned QB Carson Wentz tore his left ACL ,  per source . No offiical injury designation until Friday ,  but Chiefs believe there's a 50 percent chance of Matt Cassel playing . Tough guy ,  Cassel . Not that it's a surprise ,  but Texans QB Matt Schaub is active and will start today versus the Jets . Falcons officially ruled out RB Tevin Coleman for Sunday's game vs GB . 49ers' safety Eric Reid sprained his ankle today . Not sure of the severity ,  said SF HC Kyle Shanahan ,  whether it was low or high.Super Bowl XLVI reached a total audience of 166.8 million viewers ,  making it most watched show in U.S . TV history according to Nielsen . Jacksonville LB Quentin Groves emailed ESPN.com that he has been traded to the Oakland Raiders . Groves for a 5th round pick . Chargers now have placed WR Keenan Allen on IR with his torn ACL and they have activated DE Joey Bosa to their 53 man roster . Chiefs releasing WR Dwayne Bowe today . RT @var78 Hey mr schefter any news Aqib Talib yet  ?   ...  When all is said and done ,  whenever that is ,  I believe he returns to New England . Commissioner Goodell found no basis for changing Brian Cushings suspension . Four game suspension remains in place . Colts TE Dallas Clark at the Cleveland Clinic for 2nd opinion on hand injury that will sideline him indefinitely ,  if not for season . Picking draft all stars by round  . Jaguars WR Mike Sims Walker had a career high 153 receiving yards today . After his TD ,  he flashed the Hook 'em Horns sign to Cowboys fans . Giants Vikings at Ford Field in Detroit on Monday night at 720 EST . WR Andrew Hawkins told the Patriots and @uninterrupted that he is retiring . Now graduating from the NFL . RT @coreyolivier 1st Marcus Colston ,  now Chris Ivory . Thoughts on Saints ability to find diamonds in rough  ?   ...  Ivory was VERY impressive . Rams QB Sam Bradford is active and will start tonight . Chiefs LB Justin Houston's new 6 year ,  101 million deal also is second richest deal in NFL history behind only Ndamukong Suh's . RT @espnmikes Fun Fact Friday Keleman TV Branding study reports ESPN is the favorite TV network among American men . Cleveland now has traded away Erving and Irving . Busy times in Cleveland . Filed to ESPN Oakland Raiders will hire former Chiefs defensive coordinator Clancy Pendergast as their defensive backs coach . Saints released WR Robert Meachem and CB Champ Bailey . Colts signed RBs Deji Karim and Mewelde Moore to active roster and placed RB Donald Brown and  FB Robert Hughes on Injured Reserve . Ravens 1st round pick Breshad Perriman is out indefinitely after undergoing arthroscopic knee surgery on his PCL ,  as @RapSheet reported . Former 49ers WR Michael Crabtree is visiting the Dolphins today . travels  !  No ammo for Philly @AKinkhabwala This just in Eli signs ESPN bus and writes NOTHING but his name . No witty message ,  no funny tenet . Sigh . Steelers signed DE Cameron Heyward to a 6 year ,  59.25 million extension ,  as @EdBouchette reported . Redskins signed S Lendy Holmes off their practice squad . To make room on the 53 man roster ,  the team released P Sam Paulescu . Emotion Broncos holding memorial service at training facility for Kenny McKinnley today ,  then Hall of Fame dinner for Floyd Little tonight . At No . 181 ,  Chicago drafted Central Michigan QB Dan Lefevour #nfldraft . RT @ARCohen5 How can Pats sign Stroud w no CBA  ?   ...  He was cut . Any cut player has until 1159 Thursday night to sign with new team . Filed to ESPN Jets released Pro Bowl G Alan Faneca . #nfldraft . Sundays life of a Browns fan930 am Browns lose in London.1 pm Carson Wentz.4 pm Deshaun Watson.Nightcap Steelers win . Broncos reached agreement on a one year deal with former Eagles CB Dominque Rodgers Cromartie . Anybody else wondering if Brett Favre coming out of his retirement will be enough to tempt John Madden to come out of his  ?  Giants hired Robert Nunn ,  who spent last season with Tampa Bay ,  to be the teams new defensive line coach . Fact of day RT @FieldYates Jeremy Lin now is on his second Sports Illustrated cover   one more than Patriots head coach Bill Belichick . RT @ProfessorDrew Please RT to spread prayer for Chad Jones . Jaguars quarterback Blaine Gabbert suffered a torn labrum in his non throwing shoulder ,  via @Edwerderespn . Stat of day via @SportsTaxMan Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger threw 6 TD passes Sunday . Vikings' QBs have thrown 5 all season . The 1st down play to Jennings that will haunt Packers . RT @mdavidt4 There was also a wide open WR for a game winner that was missed badly . Patriots RB Rex Burkhead is out for the game with what team is calling knee injury . Lions DE Armonty Bryant has been suspended for 3 games for violating league's substance abuse policy . So now ,  seemingly ,  the only team that still has a question about its head coach is Tennessee . For now ,  Mike Mularkey the favorite . Dallas and former Lions LB Justin Durant agreed to a 2 year contract that will be signed once Cowboys create more cap space ,  per team source . Brett Favre already has been a godsend   for Tom Cable and Michael Vick . Giants WR Sterling Shepard ,  added to teams injury report Saturday with illness ,  is unlikely to play vs Chiefs ,  pe  . Jaguars HC Gus Bradley said QB Blaine Gabbert sprained his ankle and will be evaluated in next couple of days . Initial tests on Rams QB Sam Bradford's knee did not show damage to ACL . Team dodged a bullet. Still ,  more tests on knee scheduled Sunday . Jaguars' 7th round pick Jonathan Woodard has undergone Achilles surgery . He will open season on Jaguars' PUP list and be out indefinitely . Bills also setting up interview with former Broncos and Redskins HC Mike Shanahan that could occur as early as ...  Focus soon shifts to a Two Dat . RT @espnnfl New Orleans Saints celebrate title again with ring ceremony   . Broncos ,  Patriots ,  Colts each clinched their respective division titles today . RT @GregABedard NFPos . Bears DL Akiem Hicks  footquestionable  has been added to tonights injury report . One year ago ,  opening Monday night matchup between Miami and New England ,  Patriots Pro Bowl G Logan Mankins tore his r  . Ravens signed C Jeremy Zuttah and waivedinjured WR Kenny Bell . Unfollowers and refollowers are disqualified RT @glenz27 @AdamSchefter can I unfollow you then re follow at 50,000 so I can get the book  ?  RT @jasonjwilde NFL source says @JCTretter did not suffer ligament damage in knee ,  which would have made it 6 10 weeks . Instead ,  5 6 weeks . With the sixth 200 yard rushing game of his career ,  Adrian Peterson tied OJ Simpson for the most in NFL history . Today marks 1st time in NFL history in which QBs selected No . 1 and 2 in same NFL Draft   Goff and Wentz   each threw 4 TDs on same day . RT @CoryRadford79 Keep an eye on this . If David DeCastro slips into the low teens ,  the Ravens will trade up for him .  ...  Highly doubt it . The Colts are just about on the clock . Those interested in a Pro Bowl guard . RT @15miller Carl Nicks said new contract has to be more than teammate J Evans 56.7 M dollar deal . Colts also expecting TE Dwayne Allen back at practice this week . Even though he interviewed for 49ers HC job ,  Josh McDaniels is expected to remain in New England for the 2017 season ,  per sources . Dolphins placed linebacker Channing Crowder on injured reserve with a foot injury . It doesn't mean he didn't have any ,  but the late ,  great Junior Seau never was listed on an NFL Injury report as having a concussion . Former Broncos LB Shaun Phillps reached agreement on a 2 year ,  6M deal with the Tenneessee Titans ,  per source . RT @KRubes @AdamSchefter Ravens play three straight teams coming off a bye as well  Den ,  Cin ,  Cle .And Dolphins have signed Laremy Tunsil   might be video of that ,  too . do . Raiders released defensive lineman Antonio Smith today . Buffalo has 39 total yards at halftime   and is winning 7 2.T.O . tweeted this I'm no longer a Seahawk . I THANK the organization 4 the opportunity ,  I'm truly blessed beyond beli  . After signing tight end Michael Egnew and defensive end Olivier Vernon today ,  Dolphins lone remaining unsigned pick is Ryan Tannehill . Raiders WR Louis Murphy plans to play today despite being limited in practice Thursday and Friday due to a bruised clavicle . Sounds like the Jaguars can and will give first round pick Justin Blackmon a smaller and deferred signing bonus ,  less guaranteed money . Well ,  well ,  well . RT @espn Miami still interested in Jon Gruden as football coach    . Redskins announced hire of Tony Wyllie as Senior VP . Wyllie has served as VP of Communications with Texans since teams inception in 2000.So former Ohio St . teammates Joshua Perry and Joey Bosa now will be teammates again in San Diego . Perry to SD in round 4.Every young NFL player should read this Mind Over Body Playing in the N.F.L . at 38 ,  via @benshpigel . Well done . Baring unforeseen ,  now looks as if the Jets will be keeping all four of their QBs . Aaron Kampman ,  a 10 year veteran defensive end who joined the Jaguars as an unrestricted free agent in 2010 ,  was released today by team . 49ers reached agreement on a one year deal with former Eagles CB Nnamdi Asomugha . Rook showing up vet RT @espnmacmahon Rookie Dez Bryant says no to tradition ,  won't carry Roy Williams' shoulder pads    . RT @GeorgeAtallah NFL Draft is special . Players and their families will be in NYC . It just maybe different . Will provide details when can . Jaguars QB Blaine Gabbert ,  listed as questionable for today's game with thumb injury ,  is expected to start vs Kansas City . Please welcome former Raiders and Browns PR director @LegacyZak to Twitter and give him a follow ... RT @RandumbRival Any news on Steve & Calvin Johnson  ?   ...  Both back at practice today . Looks good for Johnson and Johnson . Former Patriots TE Martellus Bennett is signing with the Packers ,  per source . Who wins the #Euro2012 Final on ESPN  ?  Lalas and Ballack differ . Adrian Peterson wants to stay in Minnesota but would consider Giants ,  Bucs ,  Texans . Steelers announced that OT Mike Adams was stabbed early this morning on Pittsburgh's South Side and is now hospitalized . Classy move   Redskins owner Daniel Snyder left Washington a short time ago to fly to Canton to honor his former DE ,  HOFer Bruce Smith . And a promising Bills' LB retires from the game due to concussions . Rams are requesting permission today to interview Jaguars' interim HC Doug Marrone for their HC job ,  per source . In round 4 ,  Packers picked Michigan LB Jake Ryan . John Lynch on his first draft as the 49ers' GM No one told me this deal was this tiring . I feel like I played a game and some.RT @FIGJAM83 so u don't think Frazier will keep the HC job  ?   ...  Leslie Frazier is the interim HC ,  not an asst coach . Think he keeps HC job . In memory of Ken Cramer ... Seahawks penalized a fifth round pick . innacurate . Joey Porter's return to Miami is the first of many complex salary cap rules that the league is expected to encounter this offseason . Panthers announce Cam Newton is out for Sunday and Derek Anderson will start . Raiders announced they are deeply saddened by the passing of the great Ken Stabler. RIP . 60 Minutes will do a feature Sunday night on agent Drew Rosenhaus . Colts placed running back Christine Michael on injured reserve . Stop whatever you're doing ,  take a few minutes ,  and sit back and enjoy one of the great sports videos made . 49ers signed K Billy Cundiff . Multiple sides said discipline could come Wednesday ,  but no one was certain whether it actually would . NFL studying loads of documents . Patriots officially placed offensive tackle Matt Light on the ReserveRetired list . Roger Goodell is being forced to testify at the Ray Rice hearing by judge's ruling ,  per source . Bills' news surgery for Sammy Watkins and Shaq Lawson . Chiefs and Eric Berry will not get a long term deal worked out before 4 et franchise deadline ,  per source . There are Xmas lights   Xmas lights  !    hanging on the store I just walked past . If Vikings reach NFC Champ game ,  4th they sent Eagles turns into a 3rd AND Philly would have to send a 7th back to Minnesota ,  via sources . So ,  some tweets I would have sent . First and foremost ,  conolences to Johnson family and the Eagles organization . A great coach and man . RIP . Cameras get ready RT @kingsthings PGATour.com reporting Tiger Woods to hold news conference at PGA TOUR hdtrs ,  11 a.m . ET Friday.Aaron Rodgers has 3 completions thrown 40 yards in past 2 postseasons . Rest of NFL has 1 such completion  Cam Newton in Super Bowl 50 .Gold jackets now have been handed out . Saturday night induction ceremony next . And then ,  Sunday night ,  the unofficial kickoff to the season . Bears have reached an agreement with Jeremy Bates today to become the teams quarterbacks coach . Eagles announce they have signed OT Jason Peters to a one year extension . The man who disappeared reappears RT @espn Philadelphia authorities keeping Marvin Harrison probe alive    . True but strange three AFC East teams   Bills ,  Dolphins ,  Patriots   all are looking for and will have a new defensive coordinator in 2010.There's only one word to describe how well Vikings are playing   schism . They're creating a schism between them and rest of league . Confirmed source says DeMarco Murray's agent ,  Bill Johnson ,  finalizing terms that will get Eagles RB Murray to the Titans . Redskins and Donovan McNabb haven't had any contract talks yet . They will eventually ,  but nothing yet . RT @CBSSports The NFL Today special feature on the 4 people who received organs from the late Chris Henry . Clip  . Chargers reach agreement on a three year deal with former Cowboys TE John Phillips . This off season Adam Carriker ,  Ernie Sims ,  Ted Ginn and Santonio Holmes each were acquired for some form of a 5th round pick . Injuries piling up . RT @chargers Larry English out 4 6 weeks with foot injury . Forbes magazine released its annual NFL team valuations and estimated the Cowboys are now worth 4 BILLION . Jaguars' 1st round pick Dante Fowler tore his ACL and is out for the season ,  league source tells ESPN . Just wow . In the spirit of Dennis Green ,  owners and players were who we thought they were . Time to spend the next six weeks prepping for draft . Titans are signing former Falcons WR Harry Douglas to a 3 year deal ,  per source . RT @cameronwebb14 major diabetes research being done at The Jackson Laboratory searching for a cure . Eagles and Seahawks DC Gus Bradley will meet for 2nd interview Tuesday ,  team announced . A 2nd . RT @guptafour @AdamSchefter What round pick did the Bears pick for Adams  ?  ESPN SportsCenter special the NFL Insiders . 930 ET tonight . Ninety minutes of NFL talk . Please tune in . New England trades its first round pick to New Orleans for second round pick this year and a first round pick in 2012. Double ones again . Welcome aboard ,  Ashley . ESPN.com just got better RT @AshleyMFox Next month ,  I'm going to start my new job as the NFL columnist for ESPN.comI'm now hearing it's going to be a wild day at tight end for the Pats . Stay tuned for details . Question of day If defending rush champ @JonesDrew32 played in Dallas ,  Philly or NY ,  how much more attention would his holdout receive  ?  Bears fear WR Cameron Meredith tore his ACL ,  per team official . Needs an MRI to confirm . Another brutal preseason week 3 injury . A deal in the works for a while finally gets done RT @espn Report Mike Tomlin of Steelers gets 3 year extension    . On Tomlin and Steelers ,  NFL said modification or forfeiture of draft picks will be considered after order of 2014 draft has been determined . Marques Colston ,  Pierre Thomas and Jeremy Shockey all inactive for the Saints . Free agent RBs now include Willis McGahee ,  Michael Turner ,  Beanie Wells ,  Cedric Benson ,  Brandon Jacobs . Welcome ,  summer . LeGarrette Blount gets 1 game suspension ,  LeVeon Bell 3 game suspension now under appeal . Bell charged w DUI ,  plus marijuana possession . Detroit would debate it ,  but Ravens HC John Harbaugh referred to Bengals WR A.J . Green as maybe the best receiver in football.Patriots LB Dont'a Hightower has a torn pec and is out for season ,  as @RapSheet said . as @seankjensen reported ,  and it is confirmed ,  Bears and Matt Forte have agreed to a new deal . Beat deadline . RT @PeterGramma  I'm about to order some wings hot ,  mild ,  smoky BBQ or honey BBQ  ?   ...  Mild sounds good to me ,  but I'll stick to football . Chip Kelly named Michael Vick his starting QB . Progress made but no agreement in principle will be reached tonight . Talks between NFLNFLPA done for day . Lawyers will continue talking . Vikings QB Taylor Heinicke out three months after severing a tendon helping friend break back into apartment ...  Former 49ers LB Gerald Hodges visiting BUF today . Former Chargers OL Orlando Franklin visiting JAGS . Former Det DE Devin Taylor visiting NYG . Commissioner Roger Goodell told ESPN's Mike and Mike that ,  after what he saw last Sunday ,  the NFL will consider eliminating the Pro Bowl . Seahawks CEO Tod Leiweke is resigning to join the NHL's Tampa Bay Lightning as CEO and part owner . Drew Brees and Jonathan Vilma are offering the chance to be an NFL player for a day . Find out how here  . Before Sunday ,  Cleveland had failed to win a major pro sports title in 146 straight seasons ,  the longest active drought by any American city . Dolphins announced DL Derrick Shelby has been suspended indefinitely for conduct detrimental to the team . Raiders signed former Giants DT Jay Alford . Bills WR Sammy Watkins to IR . This man ever rest  ?  RT @MagicJohnson I created the @OnlyMagicCard to work for everybody bc nobody should be left out .  him . First place Raiders next play Houston Texans on Monday Night Football in Mexico City . Colts announced they signed running back Stevan Ridley . Touching story of a NY cop who was a mixed martial arts champion and whose 2 year old son is now fighting cancer ...  Eagles HC Andy Reid admits they're entertaining calls on trade offers for his quarterbacks . There has been some interest ,  Reid said . Raiders activated S Nate Allen off reserveinjured list . #KnowThemFromAdam Jags EVP Tom Coughlin & Rams HC Sean McVay talk family ,  football & learning to win.LISTEN  . First place Texans just benched their QB Brock Osweiler for Tom Savage . Cowboys' fear starting MLB Anthony Hitchens tore his ACL on Saturday night ...  Broncos announced they've officially hired former Chargers HC Mike McCoy as their OC . McCoy was Denver OC from 2009 '12.Colts TE Jacob Tamme active . Titans WR Kenny Britt active . Colts WR Austin Collie and RB Joseph Addai inactive . RT @LoganTheGreat7 I know more football then you  ...  OK . But my grammar is better than yours . NFL world abuzz about Eastern Illinois QB Jimmy Garoppolo ...  No . 1 overall pick Eric Fisher is en route to Chiefs training camp and will take part in this afternoon's practice . And on it goes for the Colts ...  Bills' website accidentally leaked a hint about the Lions Thanksgiving Day opponent ...  The World Series sports page that wasn't   what The NY Times had planned for if and when the Cubs lost World Serie  . Big day for Charleston ,  ILL. Brad Childress ,  Sean Payton ,  Mike Shanahan ,  Mike Heimerdinger ,  Tony Romo   all attended Eastern Illinois . New Orleans RB Mark Ingram will not play Sunday and Saints will add RB Chris Ivory to the active roster . A photo of the Jaguars fans at the Sign Tim Tebow rally in EverBank Field parking lot at 316 p.m . ET Patriots owner Robert Kraft ,  now out of country ,  wrote an affidavit to be introduced into today's appeal ,  supporting Tom Brady's character . More moves for Miami RT @espnafceast Dolphins sign Procter ,  trade Smiley    . Green Bay Packers announced they have re signed LB Brad Jones . Bucs 7th round pick Cody Grimm ,  son of Russ ,  will start Sunday vs . Pittsburgh in place of Tampa Bay's suspended S Tanard Jackson . Filed to ESPN Tom Cable will remain as Oakland's head coach in 2010. Raiders say no decision final . But Cable will be back . Lots of tweets on Romeo Crennel to Chiefs   not done yet ,  but will be . Crennel will wind up on Kansas City's defensive staff in 2010.RT @BoochieRific No . NO  !  Did you miss the memo  ?  This is Tiger dayTigergateTiger Watch . There is no coverage of other sports alllowed . One of the many obits to come for a legend . RT @espnnfl Longtime Raiders owner Davis dies at age 82  . RT @mortreport Filed to ESPN NFL owners and players' negotiating teams are meeting today in Wash DC area .  Both sides in deal making mode . RT @NFLRealUpdates Vikings Adrian Peterson mugshot from his arrest for child abuse . More Rex on next Monday night's big game RT @espnnfl Rex Ryan Jets ready for marquee game with New England   . putter ... Steelers have until 1159.59 Sunday night to match offer sheet WR Emmanuel Sanders signed Patriots . If no word given ,  Sanders becomes NE's . Giants are going back to Eli Manning as their  starting quarterback ,  per @JordanRaanan . My Sat night Watching Bucs Cowboys ,  eating some @funkyChunky chocolate covered pretzels ,  which I got as an X mas gift . Once Carolina claims CB Darius Butler ,  there will be 13 players who went to camp with Patriots with other teams . They've become a farm team . No DeAngelo Williams ,  Jonathan Stewart or Tyrell Sutton on Sunday vs . Tampa Bay . Mike Goodson time . Jadeveon Clowney returned to practice today . Think how good Houston's D could be with him . RT @KCJoynerTFS Rackers got his plant foot planted wrong . Bad time to have poor technique . Cardinals WR Michael Floyd ,  listed as questionable with hamstring injury ,  will play today vs STL ,  per source . Lions named WR Calvin Johnson a captain for tonight's game vs . Green Bay ,  a sure indication team expects him to play ,  even though he's Q . 49ers LB Aldon Smith now has 29 sacks in 26 career games ,  the highest total by any player in NFL history according to Elias . NFL announced Lions DT Ndamukong Suh was suspended two games without pay   a loss of 164,000.That's what a Michigan education does for a man ,  Beanie . RT @BeanieWells26 @AdamSchefter keep the news coming  !  Your typing too slow lol . FWIW Marvin Lewis ,  Carson Palmer ,  @OGOchoCinco ,  @terrellowens ,  Antwan Odom ,  Tank Johnson ,  PR man Jack Brennan were all class . Thank you . Big Browns win for Jets ,  Dolphins ,  Jaguars ,  Ravens and Broncos . But also ,  even bigger for the Bucs and Rams ,  who could have #1 pick . Texans RB Arian Foster officially is out . Buccaneers and former Pro Bowl G Carl Nicks have mutually agreed that they will part ways ,  ending his tenure with the team . Players confirmed to attend this year's NFL Draft  . Tedy Bruschi runs the Boston Marathon on Monday for stroke survivors everywhere . Please consider making a donation  . Today is #WorldDiabetesDay . Show support for my wife and the millions more living with T1D by clicking the link here  . Filed to ESPN Raiders and Sebastian Janikowki reached agreement on richest K contract in NFL history   4 yrs ,  16m ,  9m guaranteed . Sadness continues NFL films legend ,  HOFer and Steve Sabol's father ,  Ed Sabol ,  has passed away at age 98. RIP . NFL fined Raiders RB Marshawn Lynch 12,000 for a hand gesture he made Sunday ,  per a league source . In an anonymous survey over past week with all 32 NFL teams ,  only four said they would consider drafting RB Joe Mixon . But only takes one . If any one man can bring it out of Vernon Gholston ,  it's Rex Ryan . But bad news ,  Jets fans the signs from OTAs were not encouraging . RT @SportsCenter On day he's reinstated by MINN ,  Adrian Peterson faces allegations of another child abuse incident . RT @savejets Luck had NOTHING to do with that dope shooting himself .  ...  Why so serious  ?  The proper perspective . RT @shalisemyoung The 40 looks nice on TV and all ,  but let's remember that Tom Brady ran a 5.23 at his Combine . 49ers CEO Jed York will introduce GM John Lynch and HC Kyle Shanahan at a press conference Thursday ,  4 EST . Saints' QB Drew Brees will start today vs . Jaguars ,  despite a foot injury that had him listed as questionable for game ,  per source . For those who missed it contract talks between Redskins and Kirk Cousins have broken off . Sides still talking ,  but not much to discuss now . Fitting that Steelers game ends with one more special teams mistake   a lost fumble on a kick return . Bears win . Peyton Manning has a 100 million contract . Eli Manning has a 97.5 million contract . Why the heck did Archie and Olivia not have more kids  ?  Rain it pours Falcons concerned WR Roddy White could miss at least one game ,  possibly more ,  due to left hamstring he pulled Monday night . Rams have placed RB Benny Cunningham and DE Robert Quinn on injured reserve ,  the team announced . Patriots OT Nate Solder signed a two year ,  20.62 million contract extension that ties him to New England through 2017 ,  per NFL source . Bears running back Matt Forte ,  Chicago's franchise player ,  is not expected to report to the start of the team's voluntary workouts Monday . Chargers set to announce they now are moving to Los Angeles ,  league sources tell ESPN ...  Falcons ruled out CB Desmond Trufant for Sundays game vs Vikings . favor . With SF adding Mario Manningham and Randy Moss ,  and NE signing Brandon Lloyd ,  neither side expected to pursue Mike Wallace . Steelers safe . And Seahawks CB Richard Sherman is reporting his deal as four years ,  57.4 million ,  40 million guaranteed . Former Raiders' FB Marcel Reece starred at Washington ,  now gets to return to Seattle area to play for Seahawks ,  whom he visited Friday . Slight correction Heckert going to Cleveland tonight for visit tomorrow . Former Cowboys DE DeMarcuus Ware will be flying to Denver today to visit the Broncos ,  per source . Patriots original 2017 picks1 32 Traded2 64 Traded3 96 TradedTop 4th rounder Forfeited5 175 Traded 6 215 Traded7 250 Traded . Teams likely to have some interest in former Miami K Dan Carpenter include Packers ,  Seahawks ,  Browns ,  Jets ,  Bucs . RT @Stephen1141 How long before vikings turn to Ponder  ?   ...  They've sounded determined to stick with McNabb . Could be a bit . Lions now have hired Kyle O'Brien as their Director of Player Personnel ,  per source . Just glad Sharri didn't post the videos she has of me snoring ... Here are some reasons Dallas gave Orlando Scandrick the money it did . He's 24 years old . He's good in slot . DC Rob Ryan really likes him . Raiders free agent running back Michael Bush is visiting Chicago today and is scheduled to meet with the Bengals on Monday . Matt Schaub beaned a fan with a tee shot in Lake Tahoe  ?  Geez . For the Texans' sake ,  his passes better be more accurate than his tee shots . Saints HC Sean Payton said he will test RB Reggie Bush in pregame but he already has ruled out RB Pierre Thomas . Again . At No . 30 ,  SF will think long and hard about Boise St . RB Doug Martin . Colts promoted QB Stephen Morris to the active roster   a telling sign for Andrew Luck's availability . After Denver Post reported Mike Shanahan would interview for 49ers' HC job ,  he confirmed he spent New Year's Day meeting with SF braintrust . RT @consigliari51 @AdamSchefter Can we please just all agree there will be NO significant trades  ?  These Q's are absurd . Jim ...  One of the greatest gone after 93 great years . RT @AnnCurry Tough questions are being asked in Heaven today .  RIP Mike Wallace . Bills free agent S Jairus Byrd is on his way to New Orleans to visit the Saints ,  per source . Not that there was a question ,  but Browns RB Peyton Hillis is active . NFL has appointed James Thrash as the appeals officer for the case regarding Vontaze Burfict's five game suspension ,  per league source . Falcons today placed safety Jamaal Fudge on injured reserve and signed free agent safety Charlie Peprah . Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski is battling a thight contusion that will limit his snaps tonight ,  if he plays . Chargers signing former Ravens WR Jacoby Jones to a two year deal ,  per source . Sorry for the diabetes tweets ,  but every now and then it's nice for all of us to stop what we're doing and help people in real need . Eagles still want to look at TE Zach Ertz and his concussion on Sunday ,  but he is considered doubtful for game vs. At this time ,  St . Louis does not intend to trade the first pick in the second round and plans to use it instead . #Ramsontheclock . Vikings HC Mike Zimmer said he anticipates Sam Bradford ,  despite his knee injury ,  starting Sunday's game against Steelers . LSU cornerback Morris Claiborne has decided to enter the NFL draft . JJ Watt said he broke his hand at practice yesterday but will play in game on Sunday vs . Patriots . Chargers have ,  once again ,  ruled out Joey Bosa . His NFL debut continues to wait . Bears free agent to be QB Josh McCown ,  who some thought could retire this off season ,  has no intention to retire now . Wants to keep playing . Packers QB Aaron Rodgers discusses Colin Karpernick ,  social issues and cost of fame with @minakimes ...  MAJOR changes in Detroit Lions have fired GM Martin Mayhew and president Tom Lewand ,  league sources told ESPN . Colts officially hired former Steelers OC Bruce Arians as their offensive coordinator today . Arians' retirement is over . Texted an NFL head coach yesterday when I got news that Favre has decided to remain retired . HIs response For now ! Had no idea that Pierre Garcon was the one asking me questions   none . Feel as if I'd get a 4 on the Wonderlic .  Cardinals Pro Bowl S Adrian Wilson has a torn muscle in his bicep ,  but he is determined to try to play with it . Will get 2nd opinion . Update on former Jets GM Mike Tannenbaum ,  who negotiated the deal for Steve Kerr to wind up in Golden State . kickoff . RT @raiderfan60 Jackson OC  ?  .. Could be OC ,  HC ,  QB coach   anything with Al Davis . Who needs Falcons vs . Cowboys on Sunday when there is Blank vs . Jones . Fresh off game in Green Bay ,  the Patriots will fly straight to San Diego and spend week out there practicing and meeting ,  per team official . Raiders DL Richard Seymour is active today . The New York Post is nothing if not subtle ...  Top 6 AFC playoff seeds right now 1. Pats 2. Ravens 3. Texans 4. Broncos 5. Steelers 6. Bengals . So both Jets CBs ,  Dee Milliner  ankle  and Dex McDougle  knee  ,  going for MRIs today when team was thin at position before injuries . Texans RB Arian Foster and WR Andre Johnson officially active . Just to clarify Any player with 4 ,  5 or 6 years of service   whose contract is expired   is expected to be an unrestricted free agent . This weekend marks the debut of my friend Dan Berlin's new website    . Some last words from Late Show's David Letterman If you do good things for people it will never stop making you feel good about yourself.Precautionary testing to rule everything out today with Browns LB Marcus Benard ,  but the feeling is that he should be fine . Lions rookie WR Kenny Golladay looks like a red zone weapon ...  A different kind of uniform ...  Stat of the day . RT @AaronHill Warner's thrown more TDs than Flacco threw completions today ,  and could still lose . Redskins announced today that they have signed wide receiver Mike Furrey . NFL investigating Ezekiel Elliott for domestic violence . DV violations are 6 games can be increased or decreased depending on circumstances . Always a big weekend for teams to make last minute push to re sign its own players . Houston gets it done . RT @ReidCrowell Who do you see the niners taking at the bottom of the first  ?   ...  An interior OL would fit well . RT @Robertissogreat during offseason ,  trade Vince Young & 1st rd pick to skins for mcnabb & haynesworth . EVERYBODY'S HAPPY  !   ...  Not Tenn . Falcons today signed free agent wide receiver Dicky Lyons . Not a good sign that there's any progress on Roddy White.Eagles requesting permission from Giants to interview Tom Coughlin ,  per sources . Interview likely to occur Monday ,  before owners meeting . ESPN has learned Peyton Manning is working out for the Broncos today ,  but he does not make them the leader . Back from day in Charlotte ,  where Panthers players raved about Cam Newton's attitude and talent in workouts . Sounds on fast track to start . Cardinals signed DT Darnell Dockett to an extension that will be announced shortly . Colts can clinch AFC South with a win Sunday vs . Cleveland and a Texans loss at Jacksonville . Raiders new defensive coordinator is former Chargers defensive coordinator John Pagano ,  per source . Bears GM Ryan Pace spent Friday moving back ,  acquiring picks . Today moves up to select West Virginia LB Nick Kwiatkoski . Oh ,  and I'm told Tampa is very very close to signing Josh Freeman  where we heard that before ?    Browns signed DB Eric King and RB Clifton Smith ,  placed OL Billy Yates on injured reserve and waived QB Brett Ratliff . Giants Saints ,  Ravens Vikes ,  Broncos Chargers . RT @Efnews @AdamSchefter which week 6 game r u pumped 4 the most  ? Eagles didn't have to look far for Nagy . He was a coaching intern in their camp . He'll go from coaching to playing ,  just like that . Barring a setback in practice this week ,  Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski will play in Super Bowl XLVI . Expected to be limited at practice today . Saints and Drew Brees not close to a new deal today . Until and unless one side changes its stance ,  this could go on for a bit . Austin Seferian Jenkins opens up after battles with alcohol ...  This is gold . Packers forced to fly out from Milwaukee due to heavy fog ,  arrived in Atlanta about 3 12 hours later than scheduled . His case for the NFL's MVP When trailing in the 2nd half or OT this season ,  Raiders' QB Derek Carr now has 13 TDs and 0 interceptions . Steelers   rookies and veterans   report to training camp today . Steelers are first NFL veterans to report this summer . And so it begins . NFLPA announced it has filed an expedited ,  non injury grievance to remove Adrian Peterson from the Commissioners ...  Browns signed former Bengals offensive lineman Eric Ghiaciuc ,  who played and started in Cincinnati from 2005 2008.Football Is Dead ... Long Live Football by my friend @JRMoehringer in current ESPN The Magazine is the best article I've read in a long time . Washington RB Samaje Perine injured his groin today and did not finish practice . Broncos TE Vernon Davis visiting the Redskins today ,  per source   GM Scot McCloughan connection to TE . Also initially on the story ... Browns informed Brock Osweiler of his release minutes ago . He's free to sign with te  . And another deal Houston reached agreement with tight end Owen Daniels on a four year ,  22 million deal today . Most incredible thing to watch today the great Jim Kelly ,  and his great strength ,  in fight of his life . #KellyTough . 49ers CEO ,  Jed York  . More action in Indy ...  RT @mikerodak Colts announce they have agreed in principle with former Patriots guard Donald Thomas . Trying out new jobs at ESPN in case lockout lasts longer than anyone wants  the more you can do . RT @SC078 Odds TO plays this year  ?   ...  Never thought they were particularly high . And they're not getting any better . Texans are signing Matt McGloin ,  as @McClainonNFL reported . RT @tparsons05 Tuck playing  ?   ...  Tuck playing . Active and expected to start . Newark Star Ledger reporting ,  and we've confirmed ,  that Giants interviewing Perry Fewell for their defensive coordinator job today . Chargers WR Vincent Brown carted off with a left ankle injury . Earlier ,  49ers RB Brandon Jacobs was carted off with left knee injury . Waste . Adrian Peterson is appealing the suspension right away ,  per league source . Filed to ESPN Colts DE Dwight Freeney likely to play tomorrow . He'll test ankle in pregame . Barring any setbacks ,  Freeney will play . Colts OC Bruce Arians tentatively scheduled to interview for HC jobs with Bears Sunday ,  Chargers Monday . Worth noting Jim Harbaugh does not have blind loyalty to Michigan . He still remembers being bypassed for Mich QB coaching job in 2002.Former Browns' LB Paul Kruger plans to visit Saints first ,  then the Chiefs ,  per source.OL Anthony Davis informed the 49ers that he has retired from the National Football League . The offer sheet that Steelers RFA Emmanuel Sanders signed is worth 2.5 million . Steelers choice match or get NE's third round pick by Sun . News from New England ...  RT @caplannfl Patriots signed 2nd round pick WR Aaron Dobson . An NFL source said WR Percy Harvin is expected to play tonight for the Vikings . 49ers gave Redskins two choices for days to interview their OC and DC Thursday in SF or Saturday in Carolina . Redskins chose Thursday . RT @ChrisHouk What would you have done for work if you didn't get into reporting  ?   ...  Probably applied for the Michigan job . Giants LB Mathias Kiwanuka thinks Jason Pierre Paul is capable of a 30 sack season . Tom Brady earned his 186th regular season win to tie Brett Favre and Peyton Manning for most by a starting QB in NFL history.Arizona WR Larry Fitzgerald ,  Dallas TE Jason Witten and Browns OT Joe Thomas were named three finalists for Walter Payton Man of the Year . One week from today ,  the Browns rookies' bus ride ends and the journey begins . Rookies report to camp one week from today . Ray Lewis ,  Randy Moss ,  Brian Urlacher ,  Steve Hutchinson ,  Ronde Barber headline players who become eligible for HOF for first time in 2018.Watch @nflcommish's hands on demo of USA Footballs HeadsUpFB  . Fines go to retired player programs ,  disaster relief initiatives ,  and charities supporting youth ,  education and sports medicine research . Standing and talking with Mike Tirico ,  his cell phone goes off and ... it's the Monday Night Football music ring tone . Outstanding . There ever been a memorial service like this ,  ever  ?  The Greatest . Packers free agent WR Greg Jennings dining tonight in Minnesota with Vikings officials . The pressure to perform and produce in the NFL always has been great . But it never has been greater than it is today . While Jets have CJ2K ,  Pats have this RT @Patriots Happy 14th anniversary to greatest draft card in Patriots history  . Bills WR Steve Johnson now has scored a TD in five straight games ,  tying Lee Evans ,  Eric Moulds ,  Elbert Dubenion for franchise record . 30 minutes from our ESPN 16 team PPR fantasy draft . Beyond pumped . Picks 5 ,  28 ,  37 ,  60 ,  69 ,  92 ,  101 ,  124 ,  133 ,  156 ,  165 ,  188 ,  197 ,  220 ,  229.Panthers RB Jonathan Stewart not expected to play Sunday vs Giants Ron Rivera said RB Fozzy Whitaker likely to start . 49ers officially named Greg Roman offensive coordinator ,  Vic Fangio defensive coordinator ,  Tim Drevno offensive line coach . Jahvid Best starting at RB for the Detroit Lions . Former Raiders OT Jared Veldheer reached agreement on a 5 yr ,  35M deal with Cardinals ,  per ESPN league sources . So when does this end  ?  RT @BonnieBernstein More child sex abuse allegations . This time HOF baseball writer Bill Conlin  . For second straight day ,  no practice for Tyler Eifert . Looking doubtful for Sunday vs . Packers . Chargers placed linebacker Antwan Applewhite on Reserve Injured Tuesday and signed former Colts cornerback Dante Hughes . RT @Edwerderespn Source tells me Chargers WR Malcolm Floyd won't return until at least Week 1 even if injury not serious as team believes . Doug Pederson officially named Carson Wentz the Eagles' new starting QB . Fee agent QB Josh McCown set to visit a few other teams. He wants to gather as much information as he can before making a decision . As he prepares to be a free agent ,  Cowboys LB Rolando McClain facing 4 game fine for violating substance abuse policy ,  per @toddarcher and I . Mega NFL Preview   1 32 projections ,  fantasy breakouts and more . Eagles inactives R.Darby ,  S.Gibson ,  L.Johnson ,  E.Qualls ,  W.Smallwood ,  D.Vaeao ,  J.Watkins.So Fletcher Cox is active . Broncos WR Brandon Marshall now owns two of the top four single game receiving totals in NFL history  18 rec . vs . S.D. ,  92408 .Some fodder for all those mock drafts RT @JosinaAnderson Sources tell Josina Anderson WR Dez Bryant scheduled to visit Broncos Wednesday . KTFARex Ryan on former Bills WR Chris Hogan That was the one player I definitely did not want to lose. ...  Worth noting . RT @MikeMcCartney7 Today is about an INITIAL 53 man roster .  Not a FINAL 53 man roster . Many changes coming . Bills scheduled interview Oregon coach Chip Kelly on Friday . Cardinals released kicker Mike Nugent and elevated defensive end Jason Banks from the practice squad to the 53 man active roster . Jay Cutler is Bears' No . 2 QB today ,  backing up Jimmy Clausen . And now ,  after the Packers win ,  Mike Ditka is 13 0 on his Monday night picks this season . Ditka ,  Saints and Colts are NFL's last unbeatens . Brian Billick on ESPN Radio The first thing that Jason Garrett can do to change the culture in Dallas is cut CB Mike Jenkins . Last night of preseason football  whew ...  . Then on to the good stuff . Patriots' source texts @diannaESPN about Jacoby Brissett's thumb injury ,  No tear ,  it's fine. Hide the remote . Not that anyone's counting but season kicks off one week from tonight . If you're not satisfied with the current QB ratings system ,  try this on for size  . RT @Louisq90 How about a shout out to the USMC on their 235th birthday  !  Oooorah  !   ...  Happy birthday our great defense . For each playoff game he wins ,  Tim Tebow cashes in on a 250,000 bonus . So Tebow has plenty on the line tonight vs . New England . RT @giantspathanlon I believe you . RT @SIPeterKing Just talked to Rex Ryan . I was the last of his 48 interviews this week . I am serious . Steelers' doctors and trainers put ASU WR Jaelen Strong through battery of tests on his wrist Friday during his ...  First glimpse of Jerry's World   biggest NFL stadium I've seen . By far . RB Steven Jackson has strained quad and not expected to play vs Giants . WR Danny Amendola is out vs . Giants but is considered week to week . RT @kylesnowden Any updates on Roddy White  ?   ...  Sprained ankle . Not likely to play this preseason . Could play were it regular season game . Texans DE Antonio Smith will be appealing his fine and one game suspension . Julio Jones is inactive . Just landed in Indy and found out that ,  signing DT Casey Hampton allowed the Steelers to use their franchise tag on K Jeff Reed . Drayton Florence agrees to a 2 year deal with the Broncos   Total cash is 4,500,000 with incentives 5,500,000.Sunday's Outside the Lines at 7 am on ESPN2 features profiles of Jonathan Martin by Mark Fainaru Wada ,  and Richie Incognito by Kelly Naqi . Raiders QB Derek Carr suffered back spasms ,  and team does not believe it be serious ,  per source ,  who added ,  He should be OK.Kraft Family hopes to assist recovery for victims of Boston Marathon tragedy by matching up to 100,000 in donations . Better late than never Rams RB Steven Jackson is active . Buccaneers announced they have waived tight end Austin Seferian Jenkins . Panthers announced they claimed former 49ers and Dolphins OT Jonathan Martin on waivers . Most watched Hard Knocks episode was season finale of Jets series in 2010 ,  which had just over a million viewers . Cutting Chad came in 2nd . Derek Carr and Raiders still are finalizing language ,  but the record deal could be announced as early as the end of this week ,  per sources . No quarterback today has been more accurate than Cincinnati's Carson Palmer   picture perfect passes . Look ,  I now have people trying to do my job . RT @drewjjones84 They signed Tom Brandstater to the practice squad ,  too ,  a few minutes ago . Raiders have named former Chargers DC John Pagano as Assistant Head CoachDefense . So the Texans and Tom Savage are on to Cincinnati . Cardinals reached agreement on contract extensions for HC Bruce Arians and GM Steve Keim . Each now under contract with Cards through 2018.Steelers Asst coach Joey Porter has been placed on leave . In a deal turned into NFL today ,  Tom Brady restructured his contract to give NE 24 million more in cash to spend ...  RB Arian Foster scheduled to undergo MRI on groin today ,  but team does not think injury overly serious ,  per ...  LSU WR Jarvis Landry didn't finish Sunday's Combine drills due to tight hamstring and wanting to be ready for LSU's April 9 pro day . If Tom Brady's appeal of his four game suspension is not settled and federal judge has not yet ruled on the case ,  ...  Peyton ,  Adrian ,  Brees ,  Big Ben ,  Orton . RT @Cby29 @AdamSchefter who are the leading MVP canidates  ?  For those asking ,  the commissioner did the right thing . He always can reinstate Vick earlier if conditions warrant . This was safe and smart . This is very smart   kudos . RT @TheREALJPriv @Adamschefter Matt Stover would then play for all 3 Baltimore teams . Patriots finalized agreement with free agent DL Alan Branch this morning ,  per @MikeReiss . Joey Bosa will not play in Chargers preseason finale Thursday night ,  per team official . Regular season ,  here he comes . The offensive coordinator Rex Ryan is most likely to bring with him to Buffalo is 49ers OC Greg Roman ,  per source . Rex Ryan says Geno Smith will start at QB next week despite benching . RT @MikeNY49 Can't even offer a deal or cant hire him  ?   ...  Can't do either until they're in compliance with Rooney Rule   and they're not . Filed to ESPN New Browns exec Mike Holmgren nabbed his first free agent ,  signing OT Tony Pashos to a three year ,  10.3 million deal . Mel Kiper never has used an ATM ...  RT @danpompei Think you know Mel Kiper  ?  Read this feature on the ESPN draft ...  New England has completely spoiled its youngest . It must think Super Bowl titles ,  and basketball gifts come each year like Christmas . Lucky . Chiefs reached agreement in principle on three year deal with former Saints QB Chase Daniel ,  who played at Missouri . As @mortreport is reporting ,  Panthers make Ryan Kalil highest paid center in NFL 6 years ,  49 million ,  including 28 million guaranteed . Chargers signed running back Kenjon Barner to a one year contract . Vikings will place franchise tag today on LB Chad Greenway . This means that neither WR Sidney Rice nor DE Ray Edwards will be tagged . Colts and WR Hakeem Nicks reached agreement on a one year deal ,  per source . NFL said last week that Roger Goodell Super Bowl press conference will be on Wednesday . Had traditionally been on Friday . Browns and RB Ben Tate agreed to terms on a two year deal ,  per league source . Other player the Giants worked out today TE Tom Burgess . An English rugby star . Could he be the next Jarryd Hayne  ?  Buccaneers announced former Falcons OC Dirk Koetter as their new OC . FYI ,  Jacoby Jones starting at WR in place of injured Kevin Walter . And the bigger news from the Colts owner . RT @JimIrsay . Ok ,  everyone ,  we are placing Austin Collie on IR . What a tough and talented player . Statement from Browns Team Spokesperson Clearly we are very disappointed to hear the latest report regarding ...  Sunday NFL Countdown ,  with Packers WR Greg Jennings as a guest analyst ,  is now on the air . RT @drocksthaparty Jim Bates is inteviewing in Buffalo for DC  !  Eagles CB Joselio Hanson was suspended four games for violating steroids policy . His agent says Hanson took a diuretic . Texans have signed quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick to a two year contract ,  per @Edwerderespn . Attention David Garrard   In one week ,  Jaguars have added three QBs Trent Edwards and Todd Bouman ,  and Keith Null to practice squad . Buccaneers announced that DE Da'Quan Bowers will return to practice today and begin his 21 day practice period ,  permissible by PUP rules . Look at the Michigan football team's activity for 930 tonight  . University of Miami had 42 players on NFL opening day rosters ,  more than any other school . USC had 41 ,  Texas 40 ,  Tennessee 36 ,  LSU 35.Bad news for Aaron Rodgers The Packers will be without Chad Clifton until at least Oct . 18 when they come back from bye to face Detroit . Johnny Manziel tweets ,  and later deletes ,  that he was glad he was wearing a shirt for latest mugshot . My memories of running the Boston Marathon in April 2003  . RT @xfactor103 Heated spat going on between @OGOchoCinco and @AdamSchefter &lt  Definitely NOT heated . He's more than a fine person and WR . And now 49ers' LB NaVorro Bowman carted off with lower left leg injury . Colts and RB Ahmad Bradshaw have agreed to a 1 year deal ,  per source . Josh McCown is out for season with a broken collarbone . Reports are true   it's a blast from the past . One hour ago ,  former Giants RB Tiki Barber filed papers to come out of retirement . Panthers' free agent G Amini Silatolu visiting Arizona Cardinals today ,  per source . RT @EaglesInsider Eagles announced on Monday that the team interviewed Bears DB coach Jon Hoke for defensive coordinator job . Chargers have claimed former New Orleans Saints cornerback Johnny Patrick off waivers ,  the team announced today . NFC road to the Super Bowl goes through Atlanta . Football parlance To have CBA deadline extended ,  sides would have to get to midfield . They're at the 5 ,  and have been there two years . Best question and answer of the day from Bill Belichick's press conference today ...  as if   . Lions fired OC Joe Lombardi ,  OL coach Jeremiah Washburn ,  asst OL coach Terry Heffernan ,  as @caplannfl and @jkatzenstein reported . Tom Brady is 6 0 in Thursday games and has won 18 consecutive home divisional contests ,  each at least tied for best mark in NFL history . Despite their 1 3 start ,  the Eagles still have the highest percent chance to win NFC East  39%  ,  according to ESPNs Football Power Index . Chiefs announced that the club has signed free agent safety Abram Elam . Bengals' Cedric Peerman fractures left forearm ,  season in jeopardy.Bills lineup changes tonight CJ Spiller starts at RB ,  Torell Troup starts at NT ,  Chris Ellis starts at LB ,  George Wilson starts at FS . From the Ouch Department Chiefs think safety Eric Berry tore his ACL and will be out for year . As part of Nate Solder's 2 year extension with Patriots ,  New England cannot use franchise or transition tag on him after 2017 ,  per source . After visiting BUF ,  former Colts and Lions OT Gosder Cherilus is on his way to Detroit to visit team he was with for 5 seasons ,  per source . Arizona now has traded OT Levi Brown to Pittsburgh for late round pick . @RapSheet said two sides were working on deal . BALT and PITT dealing . X Rays on Leonard Williams' knee were negative . Jets think it's just bone bruise and he will be fine but getting MRI done Sunday to be sure . Rip the event and the man all you'd like . But Thursday 9 pm will be one of those I remember where I was when I heard sports moments . Redskins to give out You Like That ?  !  rally towels at Sundays playoff game ...  Former Cowboys' RB Darius Jackson now follows similar path as Jamie Collins goes from best team in conference to worst team in NFL . A fitting and fantastic final tweet . RIP ,  Mr . Safer . RT @realpatriots Today's inactives are Edelman ,  Taylor ,  Wheatley ,  Morris ,  Ohrnberger ,  Simmons ,  Light and Brace .  Semi  QB controversy RT @billromanowski Jamarcus deflated the whole team . Charlie Frye would be the best choice for next week .  2  If the Tebow trade to Jets falls apart ,  St . Louis could wind up getting back into play . Sides sorting through details . T.O . resurfaced in workouts with Tom Brady . But WR Chad Johnson also is working out every day ,  wanting to play ,  willing to do what it takes . Is this team the biggest threat to the Patriots in the AFC East  ?  If Tennessee hadn't taken Baylor WR Kendall Wright at No . 20 ,  Cleveland would have taken him at 22. Browns bummed not to get Wright .   . RT @MikeReiss Bill Belichick decides not to name a defensive coordinator . He'll take on expanded role on defene  . Packers said S Nick Collins has normal feeling and complete movement in his extremities . He will stay hospitalized overnight for observation . Looking more and more like this could be the week . RT @espn Brett Favre watches Minnesota Vikings practice again    . Jags GM Dave Caldwell said RB Maurice Jones Drew and LB Paul Posluszny are not going anywhere.Just picks . Promise this surprises coming . RT @RaidersBlog So @AdamSchefter is either reckless or genius . Whether Ezekiel Elliott is still on the roster by Tuesday at 3pm Dallas time has no bearing on whether he's eligible to play in opener . The medical examiner ruled that Junior Seau's death was due to a self inflicted gunshot to the chest . So sad . Bills LB Kiko Alonso tore his ACL and is expected to miss season ,  per source . Its considered a seven  to nine month recovery . Blow for BUF . Jets WR Eric Decker's partially torn rotator cuff is worrisome enough that team considered putting him on IR . Robby Anderson could benefit . Chargers LB Manti Te'o ,  who has not played since hurting foot during preaseason ,  is expected to make NFL debut Sunday vs . Dallas . Best wishes to ESPN reporter Holly Rowe ,  who released this statement today In May ,  I had a tumor in my chest ...  Former Texans 1st rd pick Amobi Okoye still working out ,  hoping for one more chance at an NFL comeback from a coma  . RT @1BBFAN Is the Bills DC in trouble with news of Wannstedt talking to Buffalo  ?   ...  Not at all . Different role . Wannstedt ,  Gailey close . Cincinnati free agent LB Dan Skuta ,  a good special teams player ,  is visiting San Francisco . RT @Merekatkat Do you think Bills go WR at the tenth pick  ?   ...  Would be surprised if they didn't go OT ,  specifically Riley Rieff . It's official and confirmed   a big visit Thursday for LT RT @SIJimTrotter LT and Adrian Peterson together  ?  Day wouldn't be complete without this Eagles agree to terms with a pair of DTs ,  Anthony Hargrove and Derek Landri . One year deals . Interesting pick from last night's ESPN War Room League draft Trent Dilfer took Dez Bryant ahead of Calvin Johnson . Matt Forte officially out . Eddie Royal too . Per John Fox . Former Chargers' G Orlando Franklin visited the Jets today ,  per source . Bills Inactives T Conor McDermott ,  TE Charles Clay ,  CB EJ Gaines ,  T Seantrel Henderson ,  G John Miller ,  WR Kelvin Benjamin ,  WR Brandon Tate . Vikings HC Mike Zimmer just officially ruled out Sam Bradford for Sundays game vs Tampa Bay . Dion Lewis played 279 snaps last season and Pats averaged 7.2 yards per play with him on field ,  compared to 5.2 yards per play without him . RT @NFLonTheHill Undefeated Saints heading for a different type of  Congressional  Record . Ravens waived Devin Hester . Browns OL coach Andy Moeller has been suspended indefinitely by team effective immediately ,  Browns said . One mystery solved   Ravens QB coach Hue Jackson is going to Oakland to interview for the Raiders offensive coordinator job . Two years ago today ,  we lost the inimitable Stuart Scott . A slice of his legacy lives on through these words ...  Bears LB DJ Williams ,  who was carted off field today ,  pulled a calf muscle and is expected to be down at least a week . So the 49ers are releasing veteran QB Brian Hoyer ... and New England now needs a backup QB . That would seem to be a logical match ,  no  ?  With Seahawks CEO Tod Leiweke insisting Seattle's HC job is not Pete Carroll's ,  Vikings DC Leslie Frazier will interview for it today . So Joe Flacco is now the highest paid player in NFL history ... until the Packers get their deal done with @AaronRodgers12.Once Chargers get done HC deal with Anthony Lynn ,  it will leave 49ers as only HC less team.Josh McDaniels ,  Kyle Shanahan waiting ... Bengals are re signing WR Brandon LaFell ,  per source . RT @Wisd0m86 Could Peyton leave Indy  ?   ...  That's right   his contract is up . There's a better chance Lucas Oil Field will leave . Looks like ESPN didn't stat at Jets camp long enough Brawl at Jets camp involving about 20 players . Cincinnati could not have had a worse day . Texans select San Jose St . RB Tyler Ervin . Bill OBrien getting weapons for Brock Osweiler . Goes WR Fuller ,  C Nick Martin ,  WR Braxton Miller . Jaguars' RB Chris Ivory remains hospitalized with what team is calling a general medical issue. Team expects to know more in next 48 hours . Yesterday's tweet of the day . RT @MarkSanchez @santonio10 you want to be my Valentine  ?  #fb  . Packers' QB Aaron Rodgers gets class out of final exam with retweet ...  Pats really like DE Jermaine Cunningham from Florida . #nfldraft . RT @spotzup614 @AdamSchefter You forgetting about Jared Allen for that DMVP award ,  Adam  ?  &lt Nope . Allen's a beast . Sharper's been best . Cardinals' QB Carson Palmer ,  listed as questionable with hamstring ,  will start tonight vs Seattle ,  per source . Jets' QB Bryce Petty suffered a potentially serious knee injury Saturday night vs Giants ...  Cardinals are calling David Johnson's injury a dislocated wrist . He's going to miss time question is how much . Surgery possible . Not surprisingly ,  Commisioner looking into this . RT @espnnfl No decision yet on Titans' Vince Young from Goodell  . Condolences to family and friends . Unspeakably sad . RT @espn Former Yale hockey player Mandi Schwartz dies at 23    . Texans coach Gary Kubiak released from hospital . Texans said last night they did not know ,  and might never know ,  if he suffered a stroke . RT @NFLprguy 53 players have been granted special eligibility for the 2010 NFL Draft . same # as in 2008. 46 in '09.Dolphins and Broncos engaged in trade talks that would send Kyle Orton to Miami . Both teams would like to make it happen . Prayers Elbert Woods ,  16 year old son of former Bengal Ickey Woods ,  died at 830 p.m. ,  three days after collapsing from an asthma attack . Now official . RT @gregaiello Commish notified Ben he must undergo comprehensive behavorial evaluation and is suspended for six games . So with NFL rosters expanding to 90 ,  320 more players now will get an opportunity to make a roster and achieve a dream job . Jaguars and free agent G Zane Beadles have agreed to terms on a 5 year ,  30 million deal with 13 million guaranteed ,  per @caplannfl . RT @Tre9er Schefter clearly said that smart people believe that Harbaugh will go to Michigan  ...  Thank you for clarification . Giants eliminated season ending surgery on RB Shane Vereen . Best case scenario has him eligible to return from IR after eight weeks . Packers free agent CB Tramon Williams is visiting the Cleveland Browns today ,  per source . Bengals plan to list WR AJ Green as doubtful for Sunday's game vs Steelers . Rams fired HC Jeff Fisher ,  per @mortreport . Fisher tied a record Sunday with his 165th NFL head coaching loss . Jaguars TE Marcedes Lewis ,  Vikings DT Kevin Williams ,  Browns LB Barkevious Mingo ruled out Bills S Jairus Byrd doubtful . With Cardinals RB Jonathan Dwyer under investigation ,  team announced it is deactivating him from all activities . Eagles RB Darren Sproles active Chargers RB Donald Brown active . Former Buccaneers LB Adam Hayward has reached agreement on a three year deal with the Redskins ,  per source . 49ers gave Eric Mangini a 3 year deal to be their defensive coordinator . Redskins signed former Bears and Patriots safety Brandon Meriweather . Filed to ESPN Patriots released LB Adalius Thomas . Only question was when . And the when is now . Thomas now free to sign elsewhere . Ravens plan to franchise RB Ray Rice ,  Bears plan to franchise RB Matt Forte franchise RB numbers drop next season from 9.45m to 7.71m . Friday Blitz How QB Carson Palmer almost was a Buccaneer ,  not a Cardinal . Two HC candidates that interviewed with Chicago said they never have interviewed with anyone as prepared and detailed as Bears GM Phil Emery . Once again ,  Colts leaning on Draft Class of 1998. First QB drafted that year ,  Peyton Manning . Second to last that year ,  Matthew Hasselbeck . Former Univ . of Miami OC and Steelers QB coach Mark Whipple has emerged as a candidate for the Cleveland Browns OC job . Roethlisberger suffered one at end of last year's regular season vs . Cleveland ,  and another in motorcycle accident . 1 more today ,  1 other . Browns announced CB Joe Haden underwent ankle surgery and should be ready for the start of the 2016 regular season.Titans RB Chris Johnson officially is active . Former Cowboys' WR Lucky Whitehead got claimed on waivers by NY Jets ,  per source . Here's an idea being kicked around ESPN This week's Sunday conversation should be Randy Moss interviewing Randy Moss . For tonight at least ,  Aaron Maybin has made the Jets initial 53 man roster . Patriots RB Brandon Bolden did not run this off season due to a sprained ankle      . Leah Still ,  daughter of Bengals DT Devon Still ,  out of surgery ,  tumor removed . Prayers up . Come off season ,  Larry Fitzgerald and Cards will be on clock ,  when some believe a divorce is somewhere between possible and inevitable . Indianapolis Colts Owner and C.E.O . Jim Irsay announced today the promotion of Chris Polian to Vice President and General Manager . Chiefs QB Matt Cassel is active   still awaiting word on whether he starts . Andy Dalton posted a 30.3 completion percentage ,  the worst completion percentage in a single game in Bengals history  min . 25 attempts .Vikings expected to sign former No . 1 overall pick ,  OT ,  Jake Long today ,  per source . A Michigan man makes his way to Minnesota . Falcons today have agreed to terms on a contract extension with wide receiver Brian Finneran . Friday 10 Spot on Saturday Though six games ,  Washington's @RGIII has been a Hall of Fame caliber QB . Ravens RB Bernard Pierce a healthy inactive . Former Chiefs RB Jamaal Charles scheduled to visit Broncos on Tuesday ,  sources tell ESPN . Broncos enthused about it . Good fit for both sides . Johnathan Hankins gets contract he coveted.Colts get another defender to add to Jabaal Sheard ,  Sean Spence ,  John Simon ,  Barkevious Mingo . Jaguars HC Gus Bradley said LT Luke Joeckel fractured his ankle and is out for the year . Eeeeee ... Raiders owner Al Davis and HC Tom Cable will meet again today ,  according to team official   apparently they have a lot to discuss . Part 1 Chiefs have suspended RB Larry Johnson for Conduct Detrimental to the Club effective immediately . Other suggested names from Twitterverse New England Gators ,  NY Ravens ,  Arizona Steelers ,  Kansas City Patriots and Cleveland Jets . RT @OneRamsWay Rams legend and Hall of Famer Merlin Olsen passed away after long battle with cancer . Condolences to his family . Pittsburgh signing former Broncos OT Ryan Harris to a two year deal ,  per source . Cardinals closing in on deal for 49ers free agent OL Adam Snyder . Seahawks rookie DT Malik McDowell ,  injured in a vehicular accident ,  reported to camp today . Now on NFI . Patriots suspect Julian Edelman tore his ACL ,  but do not definitely know ,  per source . MRI on Sunday to determine full extent of injury . ESPN analyst Tedy Bruschi predicts on NFL Live that Bengals WR AJ Green will have 200 receiving yards Sunday vs Packers . All those tweets about Chiefs RB Jamal Charles  ?  Charles just landed awkwardly on his funny bone last night . He is fine . Draft away . Classier RT @GMAN  Is it really funny that a man with a child is going to prison  ?  RT CLASSSSSY ... U dnt have a clue bout class . Packers' OTs Bryan Bulaga and David Bakhtiari both inactive tonight vs Falcons . Raiders owner Mark Davis told  . Andy Dalton does not need surgery on his thumb ,  per Cincinnati source . Will depend on how quickly he heals . Bellevue police arrested Seahawks FB Derrick Coleman on investigation of vehicular assault and hit and run booked into King County Jail . Panthers LB Jon Beason replacing 49ers LB Patrick Willis at the Pro Bowl . Willis nursing a slight knee injury . NFL Insiders discuss Week 16 ,  playoff implications ,  and leg injuries to Marcus Mariota and Derek Carr . Put on Sportscenter on ESPNEWS . Herman Edwards is addressing the rookies ,  and it's mesmerizing . New Colts GM Chris Ballard identified a weakness . This month he has signed LBs Jabaal Sheard ,  Barkevious Mingo ,  John Simon ,  and Sean Spence . Raiders LB Nick Roach ,  who suffered a significant concussion in Oaklands 3rd preseason game and hasnt played ...  Washington S Su'a Cravens to have knee surgery today ,  per source . Will be ready to go for week 1. Sustained injury in preseason game 1.Redskins wide receiver Pierre Garcon is unlikely to play today due to foot injury ,  though he wants to run and test it pre game, . Any interest in covering NFL cuts  ?  RT @JoshElliottABC I'm in for @DianeSawyer on @ABCWorldNews tonight and honored ,  for the opportunity . Vikings will not have RB Adrian Peterson vs . Broncos ,  but WR Percy Harvin is active . Seahawks have lost DT Brandon Mebane for the season due to a torn hamstring ,  as @mikegarafolo reported . Key actives Rams RB Steven Jackson ,  Falcons RB Michael Turner ,  Panthers WR Steve Smith ,  Colts QB Peyton Manning . A rally for Colin Kaepernick  . Jaguars free agent RB Maurice Jones Drew is visiting the Steelers today ,  per source . They are not the only interested team . Colts re signing DB Darius Butler to a one year ,  3 million deal that could increase to 4.5M with incentives ,  per source . Moving to safety . Message from initial Memorial Day tweet came from English poet John Maxwell Edmonds ,  and the actual words were  . Just pre screened C'mon ,  man !  for tonight . Must see TV . And so it begins ... filed to ESPN The Ravens have told RB Willis McGahee they will be releasing him . Patriots reached agreement with one of their three 2nd rd picks ,  former Florida OLB Jermaine Cunningham ,  who landed a four year deal . Saints placed linebacker Clint Ingram and safety Darren Sharper on the reservephysically unable to perform list . Out at least 6 weeks . Elvis Dumervil plans to file a lawsuit against Miami police and city of Miami for false arrest and defamation ,  according to Harvey Steinberg . As @RapSheet reported ,  Packers told DB Charles Woodson today that they will be releasing him . Woodson now will be an unrestricted FA . Dolphins already making moves signed three Hall of Famers alone today . Falcons' QB Matt Ryan amazed by Atlanta's new stadiums giant video board ...  Not only do the Colts plan to add Bruce Arians ,  but Indianapolis also plans to hire former Steelers LB coach Keith Butler as its DC . RT @rotoe31.@adamschefter 26 more days til your new job  !  Nothing like having your first day of work in front of millions  !  No pressure  !  Baylor's Art Briles has been dismissed as coach with the Bears ,  a source told ESPN's Brett McMurphy . RT @Jman8 phew ,  just remembered you are an NFL insider ,  not NBA . i almost cared  ...  Not my opinion's   Magic's opinion plus one fact . Chiefs Placed QB Matt Cassel on injured reserve and promoted WR Jeremy Horne to the 53 man roster.Bengals' QB AJ McCarron is scheduled to undergo an MRI today on the left wrist he injured on final play of Monday's OT loss to Denver . Today's FBK question Who's the next player most likely to get the franchise tag  ?  Jimmy Garoppolo turns 26 years old Thursday . 49ers get QB entering prime of his career . RT @WatKanBrownDo4U Vick ,  in or out for sunday's game  ?   ...  Unlikely he plays . Redskins officially placed franchise tag on TE Fred Davis . Hard to imagine but only three seasons ago ,  Saints lost the NFC Championship in Chicago against the Rex Grossman led Bears . As @mortreport said on Monday Night Countdown ,  it would be a gi normous upset if former Bills QB Trent Edwards cleared waivers today . Packers have signed QB Graham Harrell and placed TE Andrew Quarless on injured reserve . Saints lost two second round picks ,  one in 12 one in 13.NFL schedule show on ESPN2 on Wednesday night from 8 10.Might be getting ready to see the debut of the NFL's modified OT rules ... smart . Chargers WR Keenan Allen suffered hip flexor injury Sunday that'll be tested today ,  per source . Allen does not believe injury to be serious . Competition Committee made all chop blocks illegal . How these Falcons compare to the Rams' Greatest Show on Turf 15 years ago  . RT @MatthewBerryTMR Ravens WR Anquan Boldin  57 catches  out for last 2 games of regular season  knee surgery .Money matters ...  RT @WolfHall it would appear that Crabtree was right about his reasoning for sitting out . He deserves more  than DHB . Patriots QB Jimmy Garappolo will be inactive today ,  source tells ESPN . RT @PeteThamelNYT Story from December on the Meyer Belichick  and Saban  connect . Has shown up in NFL Draft tonight . Dr . Andrews told Redskins before camp that he and team would not make any decisions about RGIIIs status until after last preseason game . Seriously ,  what is it with Philly ,  athletes and women  ?  RT @busterdogbbq Philly still has Cole Hamel's wife who was in Playboy as well . This is a different kind of feast it's the first time since 1993 that every NFL team playing on Thanksgiving is .500 or better . Bengals free agent WR Jerome Simpson actually is scheduled to visit with the Minnesota Vikings on Saturday ,  not Friday . Seattle reached agreement with WR Jermaine Kearse   back to Seahawks ,  per source . Steelers now confirming ,  offically ,  that QB Dennis Dixon will start at Baltimore . Tyler Palko will be No . 2 and Ben Roethlisberger No . 3.Mort's not the only one who can take pics at our production meeting . Heat wave in Washington . Record temperatures . It's hard to imagine wearing pads and hitting in this . Much respect to the men who do it . Colin Kaepernick to stand during National Anthem next season ,  sources tell ESPN . Very little chance of Dwight Howard re signing with Lakers this summer ,  sources told ESPN's Chris Broussard . RT @judybattista Here is the Salinger obit  . Washington GM Bruce Allen and Redskins officials are in Seattle today ,  interviewing Seahawks OC Darrell Bevell ,  per NFL sources . Joe Buck's revenge ... 6.61 doesn't go very far . RT @ryanmathre @AdamSchefter you couldn't even buy @sipeterking a hot chocolate at Yankee stadium with that  !  #KnowThemFromAdamVikings non permanent starting QB but potential NFL MVP Case Keenum discusses his season ...  Dallas Police StatementThe Dallas Police Department has conducted the appropriate investigative follow up to ...  Just like everyone expected IV RT @MSAtkinson And the Redskins are alone atop the NFC East at 3 1. #HAIL . Not Friday ,  but two worthy follows Redskins OLB @rak98 and Twitter friend @incarceratedbob . Bad news for Denver RT @JeffLegwold LB Danny trevathan injured in team period  ...  Checking left knee  ...  Left on cart . Ravens announced they cut veteran DE Trevor Pryce and re signed S Ken Hamlin . RT @SamCMLaird @CuseFootball's @CoachMarrone is 1st NCAA football coach to have Facebook Timeline  . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . ESPN doctor Michael Kaplan believes Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski will be out eight to nine months ,  possibly even a year . Despite the delays ,  former Tennessee HC Derek Dooley will become the Cowboys WR coach . RT @SF49ers Congrats to @VernonDavis85 ,  Patrick Willis and Andy Lee for being named to the 2010 Pro Bowl team  !  Betty Maccagnan ,  Jets GMs wife ,  takes a stand against domestic violence ,  via @KMartLI ...  Michael . Jets' DE Muhammad Wilkerson signed a 5 year ,  85 million deal that includes 37 million in first 2 years and 54M in first 3 ,  per source . This is the final C'mon ,  man !  of the year   total bummer . Segment hits about 8 p.m . Asked last night when he's getting his own reality show ,  OchoCinco tweeted back My show starts September 9th against Denver ... So far this week ,  Gruden has been going to Redskins an here . RT @sticks45 Louisville ,  is going after Jon Gruden  . So there it is ... 1. Alabama2. Oregon3. Florida St.4. Ohio St . Chargers requested permission for HC interview with Chiefs ST coach Dave Toub ,  per source . They are not only team expected to interview him . Warrick Dunn will take a minority ownership position in the Atlanta Falcons Football Club ,  LLC .  NFL owners approved purchase yesterday . Dannon goes with Cowboys QB Dak Prescott after dropping Cam Newton ,  per source.Notre Dame's @NDHeisler announced Brian Kelly is staying at Notre Dame . So Rams' Michael Sam has signed . As has No . 2 overall pick Greg Robinson . And all 11 of the Rams' 2014 draft picks . RT @dmoneymania what is the least busy day for a football reporter  ?  Easter  ?   ...  If all is quiet on the Favre front ,  the month of June . Despite having the flu ,  Chargers QB Philip Rivers is expected to start today vs . Chiefs ,  per source . CJ Spiller's deal includes 21 million guaranteed and is worth a total of 37 million . Good for him and the Bills . Worst part of day   a 265 mile drive to Eagles camp in Bethlehem that gets me in at midnight . Yuck . Bengals G Bobbie Williams is being suspended for Games 1 4 for violating NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . Filed to ESPN Panthers QB Jake Delhomme's season will end today ,  when he's placed on IR . He tried to throw this week and couldn't . From @mortreport Bears QB Jay Cutler ,  who was projected to miss a minimum of four weeks ,  plans to play Sunday vs . the Detroit Lions . Would be honored to take a picture and post it on Instagram with the great @MagicJohnson anytime . Prayers ...   RT @berry1429 Can u please think before u pull ur pistol  ?  A stray bullet has my little cousin in hospital . Come on ppl damn . Louisville defensive coordinator Todd Grantham now intends to return to Louisville and bypass chance to become Raiders DC . Browns' QB RGIII said he doesn't want to live in past but he has a massive chip on his shoulder . Great landing spot for CB Al Harris ,  who is from Florida . Dolphins worked him out at 7 am today . Signed him shortly thereafter . Chargers also waived WR Seyi Ajirotutu ,  QB Scott Tolzien and RB Frank Summers . After missing the first two games of season with a knee injury ,  Cardinals running back Beanie Wells will play Sunday vs . Oakland . Exhale ,  Dallas ...  RT @espnnfceast Cowboys get good news on Bryant's knee  . Browns now have a 60% chance to get No . 1 pick in 2016 NFL Draft according to ESPNs Football Power Index . Colts HC Chuck Pagano's new book ,  Sidelined ,  a great summer read ,  now available . Proceeds benefit cancer research . RT @NYJETS24 any word on ryan and turners status for sunday vs the jets  ?   ...  Neither was scheduled to practice today ,  which is telling . Two more no's for T.O .   no Redskins ,  no Seahawks . Somewhere a yes is lurking . Just hard to see where right now . Sunday's Bengals game at the New York Jets has been flexed   moved from a 1 p.m . EST kickoff to 830 p.m . EST . Inevitable but bad news . RT @packers Mike McCarthy said TE Jermichael Finley will be placed on injured reserve . Asked if QB Colt McCoy is his backup quarterback now ,  49ers HC Jim Harbaugh said ,  Yeah ,  yes he is . He played very well.Former Broncos' TE Vernon Davis has agreed to a 1 year deal with Washington Redskins ,  as @JasonLaCanfora reported . Shot an ESPN commercial with him last month ,  and an interview with him on the bus today . Wish I had thought of this . RT @Rldinvestments Instead of keeping up with the Jones's it be keeping up with the Jackson's . First day of Packers' off season workout program is April 15. Aaron Rodgers and Clay Matthews agents will want new deals in place by then . News coming Mike Holmgren will address media at 400 p.m . today at the Browns training facility . Father of Chiefs long snapper James Winchester killed in Will Rogers Airport shooting  . Bucs claimed WR Mark Bradley off waivers from the Kansas City Chiefs and released CB Brandon Anderson . RT @Caricsportsmgt ... Just agreed to terms w Ravens on a deal for Drew Bennett . Look for big rebound year from Drew ,  who is healthy ... 49ers cut RB Michael Robinson and CB Karl Paymah . ESPN's Saturday edition of Sunday NFL Countdown is now on the air ,  with headlines coming up soon . Chiefs signed former Colts and Raiders LB Sio Moore . Special teams coordinator John Fassel is the Rams' likely interim head coach ,  though nothing official yet ,  per source . Really good story in today's NY Times that former DL Trevor Pryce wrote . Recommended reading  and if someone can pls post link ,  thank you .This would be an excellent avatar for @dpshow . RT @TheBobbyRascoe Hey @AdamSchefter ,  what are chances Orlando finalizes the deal for Arenas  ?   ...  Following orders I'll stick to football . Just sent to ESPN Richard Seymour now on clock . 5 day letter went out tonight . He has five days to report or be suspended for season . Jets claimed former Jaguaes TE Braedon Bowman on waivers ,  per source . Ocho on Revis I call him Master Lock.Master Lock Revis has put a lot of great receivers on him this season.That will not happen Sunday.From the man who knows  . As @MikeKlis reported ,  Broncos free agent QB Brady Quinn to scheduled to visit the Jets on Friday . When Jake Delhomme was asked today if he is running with the first team offense ,  he replied ,  Um ,  yes. So looks like Delhomme again . Alabama OC Steve Sarkisian is poised to replace Kyle Shanahan as Falcons' new OC ,  as @SchultzReport reported . Giants are placing CB Janoris Jenkins on IR ,  per @JordanRaanan . Another player gone from this lost season . RT @espnmacmahon Heartwarming that T.O. , Tank Johnson ,  Pacman Jones reunited in Cincy . That worked out well in Valley Ranch locker room . RT @brickboy4 Did you hear Eagles to name Gruden HC Tues  ?   ...  Was told last night by 3 separate people ,  ridiculous ,  impossible ,  no.from @Genske   1000's in military taken way too early and america will never know their names  !  Damn right on that . Pat Tillman ,  too . Tom Jackson will work his final ESPN assignment this weekend at Hall of Fame enshrinement ceremonies in Canton.A HOF career a better man . Jags WR Justin Blackmon agreed to a four year contract worth about 19.5 million . And then there was MJD ... RT @PhinsPhanatics Yeah Adam ,  what about Miami  !   ...  Liked Dolphins ,  too . Brain a little fried   down to its last battery bar . Lions TE Brandon Pettigrew tore is left ACL and is out for season . Second time he has torn left ACL . Roger Goodell sent this letter today to the 32 team owners and presidents As discussed during our recent ...  What's on line Patriots have not been below .500 since they were 0 1 in 2003. Ravens have not been below .500 since they were 2 3 in 2008.Tom Brady beats NFL in Deflategate' court case ,  judge nullifies league's 4 game suspension . Tolls in NYNJ going up another 10 percent  ?  11 to cross Verrazano Bridge . Other tolss up 10 more%. Where the hell does all that money go  ?  !  Darrelle Revis received a 6 yr deal from the Bucs that makes him highest paid DB in NFL history but includes NO guaranteed money . None . Nothing on TV this week ,  Game 7 included ,  that I want to see more . RT @30for30 Don't forget 30 for 30 returns tonight with June 17 ,  1994 . What's really wrong with Giants QB Eli Manning . Two days after the New York Jets released him ,  DE Jarvis Jenkins was in New England to work out for  Patriots ,  per source . Both practiced today ,  so ...  RT @BrandoUW @AdamSchefter any status updates on harvin and berrian  ?  NFL wants to speed up games this season mission met . Five of the 8 early 1 pm games today ended in under three hours . Mort & Schefter's Week 7 notebook   Bledsoe weighs in on Romo vs . Prescott . Chiefs signed third round draft pick ,  former Illinois OL Jon Asamoah . Paging Mr . Berry ... #KTFAWyoming QB Josh Allen on his favorite NFL team Itd be a dream come true to play for the 49ers. ...  Redskins Trent Murphy joined his  not so  little brother for a slumber party with Jim Harbaugh ...  So the Curse Of The 2nd Round RB    Ryan Williams ,  Mikel LeShoure ,  Ben Tate ,  Montario Hardesty   continues . Cowboys C Travis Frederick named NFLPA Week 7 Community MVP for feeding low income children through his Blocking Out Hunger Foundation . Eagles signing former Giants veteran OT Will Beatty to a one year contract ,  per @mortreport and me . Beatty figures  . RT @ejsomppi hey thanks for all the browns head coaching news  ...  Tweeted last week that Pat Shurmur is favorite   not much changed . He'll be a 1st rounder   a high one . RT @RichNalepka @AdamSchefter Do you think ND's Clausen will make it as NFL QB  ?  Or even get drafted  ?  Cowboys signed former Saints defensive end Anthony Hargrove to a one year contract today . RT @BradLindberg who will start in place of Kolb  ?   ...  If Kolb cannot go ,  John Skelton would . Lions signed former Patriots TE Clay Harbor and released TE Orson Charles . Broncos QB Trevor Siemian has a minor shoulder sprain ,  but team believes he should be able to play Sunday vs . Chargers ,  per source . Kenny Britt is active . This is NOT the suit I'll be picking out if OchoCinco doesn't score today . RT @steeLo76   . Even more impressive MVP like credentials . RT @jaguarsinsider 5 straight 100 yard game for @JonesDrew32.Chargers signed LS Ethan Albright ,  S Quinton Teal and CB Dante Hughes ,  waived RB Curtis Brinkley ,  placed LB James Holt ,  LS Ryan Neill on IR . #KnowThemFromAdamChip Kelly discusses Colin Kaepernick and how close Eagles came to trading for Marcus Mariota . Great read for college applicants   or anyone . Same rules apply.Check Box if Youre a Good Person ,  via @nytimes  . OT Marcus McNeill signed his one year ,  630,000 tender . He will miss next 3 games ,  then be eligible to play against Patriots next month . Sean Paytons suspension without pay for the 2012 NFL season will begin on April 16.Bill O'Brien said Brian Hoyer suffered a concussion vs . Pats and is doubtful for Sunday vs . Indianapolis . Looks like TJ Yates time . 49ers today announced they have placed thenon exclusive franchise tag on NT Aubrayo Franklin . Three notable early game RB inactives DeAngelo Williams ,  Stevan Ridley ,  Andre Ellington . RB Adrian Peterson is active . With Chad Henne done for season ,  Dolphins now plan to sign former Giants QB Sage Rosenfels . 12 Giants have offered disgruntled DE Osi Umenyiora additonal incentives that would kick in if he registered 13.5 sacks this season . Colts' RB Frank Gore needs 20 rushing yards today to pass Jim Brown for 9th place on NFL's all time rushing list . Definition of Beast Mode. Going pro here   Finished intense spin class . Drank my protein smoothie . I think I'm just about ready for training camp  !  Six Pats to Pro Bowl Tom Brady ,  G Logan Mankins ,  LB Jerod Mayo ,  CB Devin McCourty ,  S Brandon Meriweather and NT Vince Wilfork . Well ,  Terry Francona once made the jump from ESPN to the Indians ... Not ahead of Brady ,  Manning ,  Brees ,  Palmer ,  Roethlisberger   not yet . RT @jdondlinger @AdamSchefter Aaron Rodgers ,  top 5 QB  ?  RT @Scottydons87 MJd has to have the most heart in NFL . Guy is just out there playing the game to his best .  ...  Total stud   and my height . Tedy Bruschi will serve as Patriots' honorary captain for Sunday's AFC Championship Game . Former Patriots DL Joe Vellano lost his home Thurs in a fire ,  was cut Sat ,  signed with Falcons practice squad today ,  per @seanstellato . Jaguars coach Mike Mularkey and GM Gene Smith in the hotel lobby ,  in suits ,  on their way to a meeting at 615 am . Like it . Rex Ryan told his team this morning that he chose Mark Sanchez over Tim Tebow and Greg McElroy . Former Patriots TE Lee Smith was claimed on waivers by Buffalo . Former Cowboys CB Josh Thomas claimed on waivers by Carolina . RT @Kingjuice85 Do you think Big Ben is going to play Monday  ?   ...  If anyone can do it ,  he can . But I'd be surprised to see him . Would you want your Cowboys ,  featured in your avatar ,  to let go or release best RB in football  ?  There's your answer . Great quotes from @TheSocialMCoach and @AmyJoMartin in @BurnsOrtiz's @espn @page2 article on Arizona's innovative t ...  Tony Romo believes he's fine despite leaving with back injury after third play . Patriots fight back . Ray Rice will be meeting with and speaking to people in Robert Mueller investigation and NFLPA investigation at the same time ,  per source . Pete Carroll and Chip Kelly played each other once a year back in college . Now they will square off at least twice a year in NFC West . Brandon Marshall's most impressive act this summer taking attention from Mike Vick and making Jay Cutler's return to Denver an afterthought . Friday Blitz Hail to the  former  Chiefs .  ...  Just because I'm that kind of guy   a fair guy . You judge for yourself . Big blow to Pittsburgh Steelers RB Rashard Mendenhall tore his ACL and is out for the season . Jets WR Quincy Enunwa suspended without pay for the teams next four games for violating the NFL Personal Conduct Policy . Rams released FB Ovie Mughelli . A stunner RT @wingoz blame this one on global cooling.  Former V . P . Al Gore and wife Tipper to separate after 40 years of marriage . After spending all day yesterday with Giants ,  came away convinced an Eli Manning deal could be announced as early as today . Best part is ,  last season the Eagles traded Mike Bell to Browns for Jerome Harrison . Now ,  on the same day ,  they both signed with the Lions . Jay Ajayi joins OJ Simpson ,  Earl Campbell ,  Ricky Williams as only NFL players with back to back 200 yard rush games . Cowboys said Ezekiel Elliott suffered a hit to the head and he is being evaluated . Brandon Lloyd  groin  ,  Knowshon Moreno  hamstring  ,  Champ Bailey  hamstring  ,  Elvis Dumervil  shoulder  didn't practice today . Chargers first round pick Mike Williams set to debut vs . Raiders in Week 6 ,  per sources.Julian Edelman on Tom Brady 'Like one of your buddies going to jail' . A look at the career of Bill Parcells ...  Jets trading DL Sheldon Richardson to Seattle for WR Jermaine Kearse and draft considerations ,  per source . So to recap Bills fired OC Greg Roman and promoted asst HC Anthony Lynn to new OC ,  per league sources . With Houston winning ,  it clinches that Sunday will be Ray Lewis' last home game in Baltimore . Playoffs cannot go back there this season . Classy move by @nflcommish . He refused to leave draft until each player in green room was picked . Brandon Ghee went no . 96. Goodell there . Cable is out in my house . So it will be a trip into the past ,  like it used to be . Plan to listen to UK UCONN ... on the radio . #radioddays . So it begins RT @ShawnZobelDHQ Early Top 10 for 2011 1. Washington QB Jake Locker ,  2. Arkansas QB Ryan Mallett ,  3. Georgia WR AJ Green . Wish I thought of this . Kudos . RT @Q17 @AdamSchefter Accident  ?  Colts play in Baltimore ,  Titans play in Houston and Cardinals play St Louis . RT @HrivnakMJ @AdamSchefter Losing twice to CIN ,  and now this .  2012 has arrived early in western PA . Seahawks LB Bobby Wagner drilled   and wounded   Peyton Manning . The monster the NFL Draft has grown into ...  First round over   no picks . Lions' RB Dwayne Washington ,  listed as questionable with ankle injury ,  will not play today ,  per source . Zach Zenner and Justin Forsett carry . As @EdBouchette noted ,  Steelers LB James Harrison underwent arthroscopic surgery today on his left knee . Every team that everybody debated for Donovan McNabb is now back in play on Ben Roethlisberger . Same candidates ,  different QB . Bills HC Chan Gailey said there'll be an open competition for his team's QB job   Trent Edwards ,  Ryan Fitzpatrick ,  Brian Brohm . Colts QB Peyton Manning underwent neck surgery in Chicago yesterday . Colts don't deem the injury serious ,  but anything with Manning notable . One trade has enabled Jacksonville to now try to trade up for OSU WR Justin Blackmon . Jags pushing for deal . And there's an unceremonious end to Jamal Lewis' career   Browns put him on injured reserve . So long to a one time terrific back . No practice again for Cowboys QB Tony Romo ... Bengals TE Tyler Eifert and WR John Ross ruled out again and will not play Sunday vs . Bills . Derek Carr set a Raiders single game record with 513 pass yards and had the 20th 500 yard passing game in NFL history . More potential cuts this week Az QB Derek Anderson ,  LB Joey Porter ,  49ers CB Nate Clements ,  Pitt OT Flozell Adams ,  Minn WR Bernard Berrain . Arizona's Kurt Warner always could change his mind ,  but those that know the 38 year old QB believe this will be his final NFL season . MIichael CrabtreeHas 1,110 receiving yards this season.Needs 90 receiving yards today for 300,000 bonus . With 332 passing yards ,  Tom Brady had his third consecutive 300 yard game ,  equaling the hottest streak of his career . SF just got Denver's 4th round pick in 2015 ... so WR Stevie Johnson is coming to 49ers for free . Colts hired former Ohio St HC Jim Tressel as gameday asst coach . He'll sit upstairs in coaches booth ,  help out on instant replay challenges . Official Redskins signed WRs Joey Galloway and Bobby Wade ,  along with undrafted free agent TE Logan Paulsen and RB Keiland Williams . Sean Payton met the media this morning.  See those comments on SportsCenter at 10 am ET and throughout the day.More allegations being hurled at Raiders HC Tom Cable   put on Outside the Lines at 9 am eastern . He can be franchised . RT @JffA007 can teams franchise players next year even without the cap . I'm thinkof what will happen to V . Wilfork . RT @BrentWilts That's innumerate idiocy and explains why he's shopping in middle of a workday .  ...  He was a cashier there ,  to be accurate . Bills released statement that GM Doug Whaley and HC Rex Ryan will return for 2016.Chiefs are only team to use this draft to land two No . 1 overall picks OT Eric Fisher and QB Alex Smith . Giants announced they signed former Packers WR Myles White to practice squad . Jets WR Quincy Enunwa underwent successful surgery today on bulging disk in back . Plans to be around team and in community in 2017.Eagles QB Mike Vick still will have to pass his concussion tests ,  but the Eagles believe he should be able to play Sunday . RT @MOBSTERSGEAR Where is Richardson going in the draft  ?  What team scouting him  ?   ...  Teams love him . Sounds like surefire top 10 pick . Denver now has lost 8 straight road games ,  the longest road losting streak in the AFC . Let trade talk begin Chiefs announced  that OT Branden Albert has signed his franchise tender . KC now can trade him if it wants . Bears are signing former 49ers DE Ray McDonald ,  per @mortreport . To make room ,  Jets waived P Reggie Hodges ,  T Mike Kracalik ,  LB Brandon Renkart and RB Danny Woodhead . There goes the Rudy story . Rams RB Steven Jackson is ACTIVE . Potential big day for Missouri . Redskins and Jaguars both down in the closing minutes . Chiefs and Rams minutes from first victories . Pete Carroll on RB C.J . Prosise's shoulder injury There's a chance he comes back this year ... It's gonna be awhile though.fault . Albert Haynesworth supposedly had rhabdomyolysis  ?  As someone who has had it ,  it's unimaginable a team would let someone play with it . Notable 1st Time Eligible Players on 2016 Pro Football Hall of Fame Ballot include QB Brett Favre ,  WR Terrell Owens ,  OL Alan Faneca . AFC East looks Miami requesting HC interviews with Pats OC Josh McDaniels ,  Pats DC Matt Patricia ,  Bills asst HC Anthony Lynn ,  per sources . Patriots are giving former Jets' LB David Harris a two year deal worth 6.75 million ,  per source . Eagles have a man crush on 2nd rd pick ,  RB LeSean McCoy . Adjective I heard twice to describe him dazzling.Despite a hamstring injury that left him questionable ,  Browns' WR Terrelle Pryor is active today . London games 2017Ravens Jaguars ,  Browns Vikings ,  Rams Cardinals ,  Saints Dolphins . JaMarcus Russell ... has been benched . Bruce Gradkowski in . Raiders RB Latavius Murray is expected to play despite going through concussion protocol last week ,  per source . If Seahawks lost to Panthers ,  Jets were prepared to fly to Seattle last night to try to hire Dan Quinn as their head coach ,  per sources . Last time CINCY ,  CLEV ,  DET all won on same day was Nov . 13 ,  1994 ,  the day Barry Sanders rushed for 237 yards vs TB . Denver drafted Brandon Marshall and Chris Kuper in same year . This spring ,  Denver traded one and gave a six year ,  29 million ext to other . Jets bringing back Texans dir of college scouting Mike Maccagnan for 2nd GM interview ,  per league sources . 1st candidate for 2nd interview . RT @RapSheet What's the streak  ?   ...  A U of Miami player has scored a TD in 149 straight NFL weekends dating back to Dec '02. On line now . #Elite11 homepage is updated with the Dallas Regional recap . Included 3 players offered bids and T . Romo interview  . RB Lance Dunbar is re signing with Cowboys for 1 season at 1.75 million ,  per @caplannfl . Giants HC Tom Coughlin said RB Brandon Jacobs will start Sunday ahead of Ahmad Bradshaw . Doesn't mean Jacobs plays more ,  but he starts . DeMarco Murray looking to extend streak of 100 yd rush games to 6 straight ,  tying Jim Brown's 1958 record for longest streak to begin season . Legal free agent tampering period kicks off at noon today . Teams and players can discuss but not sign deals . Free agency at 4 pm Thursday . President Obama commuted the life sentence of Broncos' WR Demaryius Thomas' grandmother . Ravens announced they placed RB Danny Woodhead  hamstring  on IR and signed RB Jeremy Langford off practice squad . Redskins RB Roy Helu is inactive . Time for Evan Royster ,  who could be one of today's fantasy sleepers . Cam vs . Peyton is top storyline as countdown to Super Bowl 50 begins . Bumped into John Clayton at ESPN . Stat of the day   John's first trip to Bristol in six years   six  !  RT @thejasonboland Who will be the Redskins QB next year  ?   ...  Tough to answer when they don't even know right now . Time for Houston to pick the next QB ... Here's how decimated parts of New Jersey and New York are Tuesday's presidential election barely merits mention on the local news . Thank you  !  @rstiles1969 @ThunderingBlurb @onlygators @FF101 @PigsknLvngLady @broncotalk @sahyder1 @ShariJ01 @JeffTefertiller @PatriotsDaily . What Favre had to say after the ESPYs ...  RT @espnnfl Brett Favre on return 'It starts with the ankle'  . Jets HC Todd Bowles was admitted to hospital with undisclosed illness and did not travel to New England for Saturday game . Don't see it at all . RT @Mandelke @AdamSchefter Any chance Steven Jackson gets traded before next Tuesday  ?  Tom Brady is open to accepting some form of suspension ,  but only if it can be for failing to cooperate with the ...  Steelers 2nd practice open to public . 1st wasn't . Amazing how much energy fans add to practice . Tom Brady talks to Mike Tirico about changes in New England this season and the young crop of QBs in the NFL  . RT @jbirch12 tim tebow's favorite bible verse is John 316. he threw for 316 yards today . Coincidence  ?  Here comes 2.18. RT @alphaxzero @AdamSchefter looks like you will be getting a huge check in the mail . The Longest Yard is on TV again . Bills expected to hire former 49ers OC Greg Roman as new OC to go along with Rex Ryan ,  per sources . The two worked together in Baltimore . Not there was much question ,  but Drew Brees' return to NO was guaranteed at 4 pm ,  when 10.85M of 20M salary became guaranteed ,  per source . Eagles WR DeSean Jackson arrived at Philadelphia International Airport at about 8 p.m . on Sunday night ,  accompanied by Drew Rosenhaus . Or this ...  To clarify ,  the picks the Broncos surrendered to acquire QB Brady Quinn were a 6th in 2011 and a conditional late round pick in 2012.Lawrence Taylor is auctioning off the Super Bowl XXV ring he won as a member of the 1990 Giants at  . From our commercial director RT @justinreardon Nothing moves a shoot along like an Angry Coach Ditka . I felt like Jim Harbaugh circa 1988.During his five game NFL suspension ,  Terrelle Pryor will be allowed at his team's training facility for meetings and work with coaches . Don't be surprised if Saints sign John Carney or Kris Brown and carry the new kicker with Garrett Hartley like they did last season . Jets working in toxic environment ,  per Thomas George . Browns officially deactivated TE Jordan Cameron . Bills officially ruled out WR Sammy Watkins for Sunday's game in New England ,  along with Greg Salas ,  Cyrus Kouandjio ,  Patrick Lewis . Lions TE Eric Ebron ,  questionable for today vs Bears with a knee injury ,  is expected to play ,  per source . RT @NJGiants RT @JennyVrentas Burress indicted ,  two cts of criminal possession of a weapon in 2nd degree and one ct reck endagerment i  ... Eagles already are referring to themselves as The Dream Team.In regards to reports that Super Bowl could be in jeopardy due to expiring terrorism insurance ,  NFL said ,  The Super Bowl will be played.This tweet's for John  and will make anyone in my age bracket feel old  John Elway turns 50 today . Happy birthday ,  John . Former Vikings running back Adrian Peterson will be taking his first free agent visit Monday with the New England Patriots ,  per sources . Former Falcons and Dolphins DT Paul Soliai is visiting Carolina Panthers today ,  per source . On their first depth chart of the season ,  the Vikings list rookie Dalvin Cook as their starting RB . records  !  Colts claimed five players on waivers DB Pierre Desir ,  WR Matt Hazel ,  RB Matt Jones ,  DB Kenny Moore ,  G Ian Silberman . Rams' TE Cory Harkey won a new truck at halftime of the Lakers' Skill Challenge . Peyton Manning   history . Now a video tribute on scoreboard from Brett Favre and others . Cynical and factual ,  both . RT @JuddZulgad Did anyone really think Favre was coming to Mankato with or without the potential ankle surgery  ?  Bears have agreed to terms with T Jonathan Scott on a one year contract . Lions DT Ndamukong Suhs appeal of his 100,000 fine for a low block will be held Friday via conference call . Too late . Trade deadline passed . RT @r3ddmann @Adamschefter would Al Davis trade asomugha to the vikes for a 1st rounder  ?  Scott Fujita suspended three games ,  Anthony Hargrove suspended eight games ,  Will Smith suspended four games ,  Jonathan Vilma suspended 1year . Broncos gained 194 yards in SB 50 ,  the only winning team in SB history with less than 200 yards of offense . Last 7 teams below 200 yds lost . After two days on the new job ,  I have so much more sympathy for what NFL rookies are going through at camp this summer . So much more . No surprise with Davante Adams being downgraded to doubtful ,  but he will not play today vs . San Francisco ,  per league source . Chiefs WR Dwayne Bowe is predicting he will lead league in receptions . Thoughts  ?  Bengals sold out Sunday's game vs . Baltimore ,  which means no blackout in Cincinnati area . Some added brainpower in Bmore Ravens have hired former Rams OC as an offensive consultant . Brian Billick has mentioned three times in the past 10 minutes how he doesn't like Philip Rivers' form meanwhile ,  Chargers lead Eagles 28 9 . Here we go  or not  RT @SteelersDigest Power outage at Candlestick Park . Pretty much a total power outage ,  too . Scoreboard ,  press box . Buccaneers announced they were awarded TE Tim Wright off waivers from the New England Patriots . So Kendra Wilkinson goes to Indianapolis with Hank Baskett ,  Heather Mitts goes to Charlotte with A.J . Feeley ,  and Philly is poorer for it . Redskins HC Mike Shanahan said he is uncertain if any requests to interview his son Kyle ,  Washington's OC ,  have been s  . Bills announced that the team has signed free agent WR Chad Jackson and re signed restricted free agent CB Ashton Youboty . Friday 10 Spot Impatience spins the coaching carousel with some intriguing names . One of many injuries today . RT @espnnfcsouth Jordan Gross' ankle is broken    . Titans FB Ahmard Hall was notified by the NFL that he will be placed on the ReserveSuspended list for the first four games of the season . RT @NotoriousOHM Confirming report by @MikeGarafolo that Giants have signed Redskins S Chris Horton to 1 year minimum deal . Bills have added 2.5 million in incentives to LeSean McCoy's contract ,  per source . More incentive for more production . Titans use 45th overall pick   which came from Rams   to select Alabama RB Derrick Henry ,  giving them back to back Heisman Trophy winners . Browns took LB Marcus Benard to hospital for tests after he collapsed ,  but he is alert and stable . After a three month illness spent battling life threatening leukemia ,  Chuck Pagano is scheduled to address his team today . Welcome back . 49ers HC Jim Harbaugh on the fourth round selection of RB Marcus Lattimore We're betting on Marcus Lattimore   and that's a great bet.Redskins DB coach Raheem Morris is interviewing today for Redskins defensive coordinator job ,  per source . Last week's fantasy recommendation was Saints K Garrett Hartley this week's is Redskins WR Devin Thomas . Friday Blitz How Broncos QB Peyton Manning didnt get some help from his friends . Seahawks uncertain whether RB Marshawn Lynch will play tonight vs . Arizona due to ab injury . 50 50 right now ,  source said Saturday . Darnell Dockett's deal is a 4 year extension worth up to 48 million with 30 million guaranteed . RIP ,  Dwayne Schintzius . He endured months of complications after receiving a second bone marrow transplant ,  his younger brother Travis said . Vikings' C John Sullivan underwent a lumbar microdiscectomy Weds and has been placed on IR designated to return . Out until at least week 9.5th anniversary of Spread the Word to End the Word ,  an effort to eliminate demeaning language . Please support it at  . Detroit QB Matthew Stafford will sign a three year contract extension that ties him to Lions through 2017 season ,  per team source . Chicago Bears have agreed to terms with WR Alshon Jeffery on a four year contract . Cleveland gave up an undisclosed 2011 undisclosed   what has to be a late round pick   for QB Seneca Wallace . After striking a deal with TE Jermichael Finley ,  Packers now can use their franchise tag elsewhere if they so choose . Falcons working out kickers  . ESPN's NFL Power Rankings Texans still No . 1. Vikings and Colts rise. Cardinals' CB Mike Jenkins carted off with non contact knee injury . Pounds his fist ,  knows it's bad . Saints announced they signed TE Ben Watson to a three year deal . Patriots will change strength and conditioning staff in 2016 ,  as Harold Nash wont be back with team ,  per @MikeReiss and @FieldYates . And MORE Eagles' headlines .  Vikings QB Sam Bradford and WR Stefon Diggs ruled out for Sunday vs . Packers . Dolphins asst OL coach Chris Mosley has left team . He was on extended leave dealing with a personal matter and two sides agreed to part ways . Couldn't have said it any better . RT @mschauf63 Obviously ,  the Sacramento Mountain Lions are who we thought they were . Crown their ass . Just told @Dustinkeller81 if he catches 80 or more passes ,  I'm taking him to his favorite steakhouse ,  Peter Lugers in Brooklyn . Nice gesture and lots of frequent flyer miles Lakers Pau Gasol flying to South Africa to support Spain for Sunday's World Cup final . Bills announced they agreed to terms with S Colt Anderson and LB Lorenzo Alexander . As @NFLSTROUD has reported ,  the Buccaneers have released WR Michael Clayton ,  who's a better blocker than receiver . More details on Shawne Merriman planning to report to Chargers camp this weekend .  Buffalo RB LeSean McCoy strained his hamstring ,  per source Bills not sure of severity yet . RT @AndrewSiciliano ANOTHER earthquake in LA . This one didn't feel as violent as this morning's 3.6.  GOOD times ... family . Seahawks signed former Colts linebacker Tyjuan Hagler . Colts win probability to begin 2nd half was 3.6 percent.It dropped to 0.9 percent when Chiefs took 38 10 lead with 1339 left in 3rd qtr . Add another name to a very strong RB class for 2017 NFL Draft Christian McCaffrey . Hard knocks From the sounds of it ,  Jets CB Darrelle Revis has not made any decision about whether to report to start of training camp . Arizona Cardinals become first team to report to training camp Monday ,  July 23. By Sunday ,  July 29 ,  every NFL team will be in camp . Titans have won 12 consecutive regular season games against the NFC ,  the fourth longest interconference winning streak since 1970.Mass of predictions on ESPN.com Cost of holdout continues RT @RichCimini Jets Revis I'm not going to play this week. Says hammy worse than originally thought . RT @dcharles08 Can u get VY and CJ on da bus together today  ?  !   ...  That's our gameplan ,  and we're hoping there's no audible . Two teams likely to have some level of interest in Eagles free agent to be QB Michael Vick Buccaneers and Jets . Jaguars announced they signed first round pick Jalen Ramsey . Next question is when he returns to field . Our hearts are heavy at ESPN as we report the tragic news that Kathy Berman ,  wife of Chris Berman ,  was killed in ...  Condolences to the family of Dan Wheldon . It has suffered an unspeakable loss that has changed lives forever . Dallas HC Jason Garrett ,  the subject of some speculation ,  is expected to return to Cowboys to coach them in 2016 ,  per league sources . RT @annajuditta @AdamSchefter any word yet on Ronnie Brown  ?  &lt  underwent x rays on his injured right ankle . No further word right now . RT @McClainonNFL Spoke to Ryans . He used words like unbelievable and incredible. Thanks agent Ben Dogra ,  GM Rick Smith ,  Bob McNair . More Hue Jackson info  . Window for Chargers closing quick   Merriman ,  McNeil ,  Sproles ,  Chambers ,  Vincent Jackson all scheduled to be free agents after this season . Another pass rusher for the Niners ...  Jaguars extending contract of GM Dave Caldwell two years ,  giving him matching three year deals with Doug Marrone and Tom Coughlin . Jets LB Bart Scott can't wait for lockout to end . As it is ,  Scott told ESPN ,  We're bordering now on the verge of insanity.RT @MikeSimsWalker its official . Wanna thank all fans who stuck with me in jacksonville for last 4 years but sorry to say my time is up  !  Chargers' HC Anthony Lynn told the La Times that WR Mike Williams could be out all season . Saints land replacement for Carl Nicks ,  sign Ben Grubbs to a five year ,  36 million deal ,  including 10 million signing bonus . A different handoff Browns RB and Cover Boy Peyton Hillis handed out advance copies of Madden 12 to teammates and HC Pat Shurmur . Rex Ryan called in to the ESPN Schedule Releas Show and had a message for Tedy Bruschi And Tedy ,  you can come over and be a Jet also.In the genes . RT @abeelam Fred Taylor's son 9th grader for Glades Day had 358 yds ,  46 carries ,  5 TD . Patriots officially announced they have placed DL Dominque Easley on injured reserve . RT @jakejeter18 Please helpt  !  Is it worth picking up DeShawn Wynn ,  benching Pierre Thomas  ?   ...  Deep breaths . We'll see in two hours . Another smaller win in New England this morning   Patriots reached agreement on a one year contract with DE Derrick Burgess . And I will be driving to all those camp stops ,  so wondering how much I will be   or won't be   able to tweet . Hopefully ,  plenty . RT @JeffDarlington Text from WR Greg Camarillo Mixed emotions . Great opportunity ,  but this is home . These teammates are my brothers.49ers offseason workout program starts Monday and Colin Kaepernick has 400,000 offseason workout bonus for 90% attendance . Show or no show  ?  Lions released QB Brad Kaaya ,  per source . Last time a non Browns HC was fired in the AFC North was Brian Billick on Dec . 31 ,  2007. Since then ,  Browns have fired 5 HCs ,  incl Pettine . At No . 111 ,  Seattle drafts Oregon DB Walter Thurmond . #nfldraft . Bengals LB Rey Maualuga sprained his MCL and is expected to be sidelined 3 4 weeks . Seahawks announced RB Marshawn Lynch is out Sunday . Again . Odd to finally see another Cowboys WR ,  this time first round pick Dez Bryant ,  hold up a white jersey with the blue No . 88. #nfldraft . SF claimed LB Thaddeus Gibson on waivers from the Steelers . Here might be the holdup with Crabtree and other picks ... RT @Theredzoneorg Crabtree seeking top 3 money  . Arian Foster . Arian Foster . Arian Foster . Arian Foster . Arian Foster . Arian Foster . Arian Foster . Arian Foster . Arian Foster . Arian Foster . During a season in which Jeremiah Trotter ,  Junior Seau and Ahman Green each have returned to football ,  CB Ty Law now will do the same . Cowboys free agent RB Felix Jones worked out today for the Philadelphia Eagles ,  per league source . RT @ninocapo @AdamSchefter  I wonder if Jauron thinks that the Patriots are who they thought they were  ?  Thanks 2 @joeytick @TDAVENPORT88 @MrFicara @SneakyCaptn @bdberto12 @Alycia6985 @DaveMost @ECMike @JfaulkNYJ @timothywilson @bruinfan32 . Bills are concerned that Lesean McCoy may not be fully ready for Week 1 ,  per @JosinaAnderson . For all those who have tweeted ,  it now can be answered NFL regular season schedule will be released ... drum roll ,  please ... Tuesday  !  Bucs signed kicker Connor Barth to a four year ,  13.2 million deal that includes 4 million guaranteed . ESPN thanks the N.Y . Yankees for making Monday night's Eagles Redskins the lone sports show around . Denver holds its breath ...  RT @JeffLegwold Peyton Manning will have scheduled postseason neck exam Monday  . Tebowtime trumped overtime . Wes Welker ,  Orlando Scandrick ,  Steadman Bailey back at work today and eligible to play Sunday . Browns departures today Alex Mack  ATL  ,  Travis Benjamin  SD  ,  Mitchell Schwartz  KC  ,  Tashaun Gipson  JAX .Really like @broncossacco 's new Twitter nickname for Broncos rookie QB Tim Tebow T2 Makes him sound like a U2 rock star . LeSean McCoy listed as questionable Julio Jones listed as probable . Patriots hosted visits Friday with Packers free agent RB Ryan Grant and Redskins free agent RB Tim Hightower ,  per league sources . The numbers game When Favre does go to Minnesota ,  what happens to the No . 4 John David Booty wears  ?  How much will it cost Favre to get it  ?  RT @WarriorPJ44 Sick of hearing @tom Brady's  greatness   ...  Better root for Baltimore then . A Patriot win means lots more Brady talk . Here's New England's statement Patriots released TE Aaron Hernandez . Wow ... Judge denied NFL request for expedited hearing on Ezekiel Elliott ,  meaning he plays Sunday vs . Washington ...  Another wise observation from Mr . Madden . RT @FauxJohnMadden Twitter is acting like Shaun Suisham from 23 yards out . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . So Trevor Pryce double dips . Baltimore pays him 2 million in salary ,  and he still collects money on one year deal he agreed to with Jets . So it might not be just Aaron Rodgers . RT @rotoworld Mike McCarthy hints Randall Cobb will return versus Bears  . Steelers re signed offensive tackle Max Starks . To summarize Ezekiel Elliott is facing suspension in 24 hours ,  but this is not over yet . Is it ever  ?  RGIII being placed on injured reserve  . Ravens S Ed Reed was moved from Physically Unable to Perform Active List to Reserve PUP and is eligible to return after first six weeks . NFL teams were notified today that the 2014 NFL Draft will be held on May 8 10 in New York at Radio City . RT @TaylorNative Vikings draft Tavon Austin ,  The Honey Badger . First 2 rounds  !  What I'm hoping for .  ...  Austin won't make it to them . Browns interviewing former Cardinals DC Billy Davis and former University of Pitt HC Dave Wannstedt for their DC job today . Browns WR Josh Gordons meeting with the NFL is scheduled for Wednesday ,  not today ,  per source . Reinstatement could soon be near . Hard to imagine ,  but Redskins QB Donovan McNabb is eight months younger than Colts QB Peyton Manning . There's a real chance Robert Griffin III will be Washington's starting QB before this season is over ,  per source . Despite the fact he missed Thursday's practice with a neck injury ,  Ravens safety Ed Reed is expected to play Sunday versus Cincinnati . There are now five 6 0 teams for 1st time in NFL history each has at least 1 game against another unbeaten ,  starting Sun with GB vs DEN . Through Saturday ,  864 young men will have their hopes crushed and get fired . 200 will be brought back to practice squads ,  but still . Tough . NFL INJURIES  Jets QB Ryan Fitzpatrick  game time call ,  knee   Bucs RB Doug Martin  game time call ,  ...  RT @ChaseFresh20 Strapping young schefter .  Been busy counting down days to training camp . But how bout this  ?  One more day till the T.O . Show . Get your Orville Redenbacher ready . President Obama told Cavs coach Tyronn Lue to tell JR Smith to put on a shirt.In year of the safety ,  former Rams S Oshiomogho Isaac O.J. Atogwe has announced his retirement from the NFL . news  ?  Bills QB Kevin Kolb slipped on a wet rubber mat and stumbled at Bills training camp today Saturday . He then had trouble standing . Jahvid Best ,  who hasnt played since suffering his last concussion Oct . 16 ,  2011 ,  will be undergoing a battery of test  . Tom Watson has kept many inside on a day it's gorgeous outside . Surest sign a major storm is coming gas lines outrageous already . Been sitting on one the past 30 minutes   and counting . Buffalo is keeping Tyrod Taylor on a restructured contract ,  per sources . RT @boldin69 CanWill Dallas go after Logan Mankins  ?   ...  Sure they can . But something tells me New England will not let him get away . Twenty nine years ago tonight ,  world lost the great Len Bias   always will be one of those unforgettable sports moments . To the tweeters tweeting me that Michael Vick is in Buffalo   false . Still believe his deal will be done by Monday ,  but he's not in Buffalo . Sometimes the football gods seem to get their say . As @LATimesfarmer pointed out ,  the Redskins and Donovan McNabb beat the Eagles by 5.Through March 29th ,  288 NFL players have re signed or signed FA contracts for 1,046,630,997 in guaranteed money . Up 14% from last year . Steelers signed former Patriots punter Zoltan Mesko to their active roster . Johnny Limbo . Players attending this year's NFL Draft in Chicago ...  So we will see Odell Beckham Jr . at the ESPYs ... and he can use those same hands to accept the Play of the Year award . Chiefs announced they were awarded wide receiver Kyle Williams via waivers from the San Francisco 49ers . Patriots announced they placed RB Shane Vereen on Injured Reserve with a designation to return . Ryan Fitzpatrick on ESPN's NFL Insiders I've given people something else to talk about besides my contract. RT @deermooserd What is the MAIN issue holding this up . In this economy . it had better NOT be money  !   ...  It's always the money . Doctors believed last night that Michael Crabtree's torn Achilles would sideline him six months and recommended surgery asap . Bengals announced the return of QB Jeff Driskel ,  designating him for return from ReserveInjured list . Time to star  . Beginning with 2013 season ,  NFL will have option of hiring a number of officials on full time basis to work year round ,  including on field . Cleveland Browns hired former Vikings HC Brad Childress as their offensive coordinator . John Madden talks Thanksgiving ,  his health ,  Raiders rise ,  49ers fall ,  NFL TV ratings ...  Why do people tweet them to me  ?  RT @jabbered @AdamSchefter why do u answer questions that are mentioned in every article about Crabtree  ?  RT from friend ,  confirming earlier tweet @MikeReiss ... Boston Globe online readers are 2 to 1 against moving draft . Vikings have announced that rookie Sharrif Floyd has signed . RT @haycameronhay Can you see loss of draft picks  ?   ...  Absolutely . And suspensions . And fines . Lots of discipline coming . Houston will send LB Brian Cushing ,  WR Andre Johnson ,  LB DeMeco Ryans and DE Mario Williams to Pro Bowl . If LeBron were to return to Cavs ,  he would not be doing it for Dan Gilbert . He would be doing it for Cleveland ,  which deserves a champion . Packers WR Jordy Nelson officially out Sunday vs Cowboys . Interesting Panthers LB Jon Beason has a new supplement line called Revolutionary sports nutrition   Fast Fuel   . Via @mortreport ,  Chip Kelly wrapped up 7 hours of meeting with Browns . Kelly meeting tonight w Bills ,  Saturday w Eagles . Browns favored . Philadelphia resigns Jeremiah Trotter ,  Patriots resign Junior Seau ,  Packers talking to Ahman Green   what is this ,  Throwback Season  ?  Vikings announced they have exercised 4th year option for HC Leslie Frazier for 2014 NFL season . There were no negotiations . intended . Robert Griffin III in ESPN The Magazine on SEA game With what happened ,  you take me out . If that happened again next year ,  I'd come out.Some veteran AFC West signings Denver signed DB Jonathan Wilhite ,  Oakland signed LB Ricky Brown . San Diego Chargers have released defensive end Luis Castillo . The Buffalo Bills and former Packers LB Nick Barnett reached agreement on a three year ,  12 million deal including 6 million gtd . Broncos land former Patriots DE Ty Warren with a 2 year ,  10 million deal that includes 2.5 million guaranteed . Colts RB Ahmad Bradshaw is out at least two weeks while deciding his next step ,  surgery or not . Looks like a long one tonight . Lawyers in NY just broke for dinner now . Then coming back to resume talks . #burningthemidnightoil . NFL appeals officer Derrick Brooks upheld Aqib Talib's 1 game suspension for eye poke ,  per @Edwerderespn . Talib out Sunday vs KC . Ravens watched video of their former DC Chuck Pagano during Monday's team meeting . NFLPA has begun contacting some ,  if not all ,  of 10 plaintiffs in Brady vs . NFL case about a settlement   a necessary step to end lockout . Bengals and LB Vontaze Burfict have agreed on a multi year contract extension ,  per @caplannfl . From franchise player last year to tendered player this year Titans tendered TE Bo Scaife the 1st round tender at 4,908,000.Darren Sproles shifts the whole field . Might be a good idea for the Chargers offense to use him more . Chiefs will try to extend HC Andy Reid's contract this offseason ,  per sources.Rams have signed former Eagles and Giants WR Steve Smith . O.J . Simpson is a free man he has been released on parole ...  Caption suggestion #2 RT @Castrophany This is still better than being stuck on Brett Favre's lawn ...   RT @vinnyv37 What's your opinion on Alex Smith not taking a knee late and icing the game  ?   ...  Worked out just fine . Tonight marks Tom Brady's NFL record 32nd career postseason game   the equivalent of two extra seasons . Filed to ESPN from me and @mortreport Bill O'Brien has reached agreement to become the new head coach of the Houston Texans ,  per sources . Seahawks traded a late round 2011 draft pick to Philadelphia for OL Stacy Andrews . Steelers gave S Troy Polamalu a three year ,  20 million extension that saves Pittsburgh 4.5 million against the salary cap this year . Boys U 15 Dix Hills Elite soccer team advanced to US Youth Soccer Ntl Championship with 1 0 win today in Kansas . Good luck Elite boys . From Carolina reporter RT @daringantt I know you think I'm overstating this ,  but this is one of the most bizarre decisions I've witnessed . Now that Detroit is eliminated from playoffs ,  Lions DC Teryl Austin will interview with Chargers and Rams ,  per league sources . Former Pats RB Stevan Ridley has agreed to terms with the Jets ,  per source . Six Points Steve Smith Sr . could have been a Patriot.Brad Childress This decision was made based on what we thought was in the best interests of the Vikings ,  both in the short and long term.RT @rigogonzalez U think Alex smith will sign with da niners  ?   ...  Eventually ,  yes . Just don't know if it'll be July ,  August or next year . With linebacker Aldon Smith poised to return to the roster as early as this week ,  with defensive tackle Glenn ...  With Ty Montgomery and Jamaal Williams both escaping serious injury ,  Packers not planning to bring in other RBs at this time ,  per source . Expectations at this time   at this time being the key phrase   are that Crabtree could wind up sitting out season and re entering draft . When Ben Roethlisberger meets with Roger Goodell on Tuesday ,  his attorney David Cornwell and his agent Ryan Tollner will accompany him . A chance to prove Miami wrong Former Dolphins LB Reggie Torbor agreed to 2 year deal with the Bills . Political karma gods didnt appreciate tweets . They awakened my child from her sleep and had her SCREAMING the past 30 minutes . Just brutal . Another RB domino falls ...  RT @ischafer Like Gramatica  ?   ...  Yes ,  but I'm talking a non kicker . Someone will fracture his leg like Morales did and alter celebrations . RT @DieselManShawty Any word on DMc  ?   ...  Doubtful for Sunday . Front office exec just called to say he's been on lockdown and asked what's new . Told him ,  Boston . He had no idea . This is the NFL world . Early game of next week Raiders hosting Chiefs . Who would have thought that game would loom as large as it does  ?  Upon further review ,  this looks like pass interference to me . Jets S Eric Smith was fined 7,500 for unnecessary roughness on Pats WR Wes Welker . Michael Vick taken off the field   looks like a right shoulder injury ,  but still hard to know exactly what's wrong . Not a good sign Rams WR Mark Clayton already is in an air cast . How jealous is @mortreport going to be when he sees this today on Sportscenter  ?  Former Raiders wide receiver Darrius Heyward Bey reached agreement on a one year deal with the Indianapolis Colts . Congrats to Broncos Exec Jim Saccomano ,  who will be honored with Lifetime Achievement Award by Order Sons of Italy in America  OSIA  June 13 . As @mortreport has said since Sunday ,  it could be 2 4 weeks for David Johnson ,  3 4 months still possible . Depends on doctor recommendations . Redskins announced today that they officially have re signed unrestricted free agent linebacker London Fletcher . Not made up as much as it sounds like it NFL fined 49ers RB Frank Gore 10,500 for wearing his socks too low during NFC Championship Game . Buccaneers HC Greg Schiano said RB Mike James fractured his ankle . Now Bucs' backfield minus James and Doug Martin . Jaguars also planning to sign their former S Gerald Alexander ,  so some moving parts in Jacksonville today . NY Jets claimed former Patriots' DE Kony Ealy on waivers ,  per source . Giants signed veteran free agent safety Brandon Meriweather . Isn't it just Plaxico Burress' luck to be planning a comeback to football when we don't know if or when there will be any . And so Jeff Fisher wins . And stays . Denver's Von Miller believes 30 sacks in a season is doable ...  NFL and world has lost one of its great men and characters . RIP ,  Art Donovan . Watch out ,  Madden Jinx . Successor needed . Making my case RT @glorifythepast @AdamSchefter YOU STINK  !   Sincerely ,  Bronco Fan . Eagles and former Giants WR Rueben Randle agree to terms on a one year contract . Chargers WR Keenan Allen ,  listed as questionable for today due to a shoulder injury ,  will play vs . Broncos ,  per source . Third time's the charm . Here's the incredible feature that debuted today on SportsCenter ...  Jaguars RB TJ Yeldon and WR Allen Robinson officially active today vs Buffalo for 930 kickoff . Former Vikings WR Bernard Berrian went unclaimed on waivers . Now a free agent . Cardinals RB David Johnson meeting with wrist specialists and surgery is possible ,  per source . Decision expected in 24 48 hours . A shout out to all those who sacrificed ,  and continue to sacrifice today ,  so we can enjoy the independence we do . Please celebrate safely . Some bedtime reading ...  Steve Young ,  Troy Aikman ,  Bill Romanoswki all visited concussion specialist in Pittsburgh . Concussions ended each of their careers . RT @richeisen Famed piano at Glenmoor in Canton . Fear it ,  @AdamSchefter . Fear it . I say we lock Andre Smith in a room with the Bengals ,  Michael Crabtree in a room with the 49ers and ,  you know ,  see what happens . Colts QB Jim Sorgi expected to meet this week with Dr . James Andrews regarding nerve impingement in his shoulder . Cleanup surgery possible . Players expected to be tagged include Washington's Kirk Cousins ,  Arizona's Chandler Jones ,  Carolina's Kawann Short . Steelers consider WR Sammie Coates' availability vs Miami to be a game time decision due to his fractured thumb ,  per source . Don't discount this . RT @sportswatch JetsGiants will make little money from SB . Payoff will come if it helps entice naming rights sponsor . For second consecutive day ,  Packers sent home RT Bryan Bulaga with flu like symptoms . RT @danny2manny Can peyton suit up and take the opening snap and count as a start  ?   ...  He wouldn't disrespect the game in that way . 49ers TE Vernon Davis is active and will start . Congrats to @MikeTyson for the release of his iPhone game . It's free in iTunes  . Speech order for tonight Ralph Wilson ,  Randall McDaniel ,  Bob Hayes  Roger Staubach  ,  Rod Woodson ,  Derrick Thomas  Peterson  ,  Bruce Smith . CIN TE Tyler Eifert suffered setback at practice this week ,  not practicing today ,  status now uncertain ,  sources tell @KatTerrell and me . De Smith Met with owners till 4. Discussed proposal . Significant differences remain . Informed owners they need more info . Want answers by 5 . My QB rating this weekend will be the same as McNabb's RT @BankyHimself @AdamSchefter I'm putting you on my fantasy team now . A link to the 24 page report that attorney Peter Ginsberg prepared for former Dolphins OL coach Jim Turner . Another injury RT @OneRamsWay WR Danario Alexander having surgery today for torn meniscus in knee . Expected to miss two to four weeks . So Jacksonville will take Justin Blackmon at No . 5.Former Ravens' RB Trent Richardson went unclaimed on waivers . What will be my weekly 10 Spot on ESPN.com   . Wondered the exact same thing this morning ,  Peter . RT @SIPeterKing Is it just me ,  or is Tiger Woods' life imploding before our very eyes  ?  Introducing Tennessee's new running back  . RT @reciever83 RT @AdamSchefter Any news about Pats WR Brandon Tate and WR Nunn  ?  &lt  My sense is Tate plays Sunday in London . WR Joey Galloway inactive for Pittsburgh as is ,  once again ,  S Troy Polamalu . It's here . So there's more damage to Adrian Peterson knee than previously thought ,  making it even more difficult for him to return this season . Interesting in that Mike Holmgren and Tom Heckert each have the same agent ,  Bob LaMonte . RT @MikeLowrey757 Whats word on London Fletcher .  ...  LB and RB have been the least desirable positions in free agency . Wash still wants him . Just wondering what if in 2009 ,  Rex Ryan had gone as hard after Ray Lewis as he did Bart Scott  ?  How would recent seasons be different  ?  Colts claimed former Washington RB Matt Jones on waivers ,  per source . Brandon Marshall's suspension lasts through Sept . 6. He's eligible to return to Broncos Sept . 7. He got off easy here . Redskins GM Scot McCloughan to return but timetable uncertain . Perks of being a champion Super Bowl winning QB @DangeRussWilson is appearing tonight on the @CharlieRoseShow on PBS at 11 ET . Players not expected to be tagged today include WR Wes Welker ,  OT Jake Long ,  P Shane Lechler ,  S Dashon Goldson ,  TE Dustin Keller . Chiefs traded second round pick ,  the second pick in the second round ,  to SF . Niners also got another conditional mid round pick in 2014.Josh McDaniels flew to St . Louis on Friday and will interview for Rams OC job today . As first man in ,  sounds like McDaniels is the favorite . RT @louieesposito so is Marcus McNeill done in San Diego  ?  Same with VJax  ?   ...  Would be surprising to see either play for SD this season . The Oscars has some competition . RT @JasonRomano Knicks at Heat   Sunday Night 8pm est on ESPN . RT @nflprguy Cowboys@Minny 1p ET next Sunday on FOX . 440p ET Sun game on CBS will be Pats or Jets @ Chargers . And now the Browns say they have signed QB Robert Griffin III . It's going to be a 2 year deal . These are type of requests now filtering in . RT @bearcatden @AdamSchefter    Can you praise Ben R . during the next Bengal's game  ?  RT @SportsCenter Favre tells Ed Werder he has not made a decision . He'll play for Vikings this season if healthy . Priority Sports ,  a representation firm ,  announced former Jets GM Mike Tannenbaum is joining as head of its CoachingFront Office division . Thanks to @nolaschott for this direct link to the great Brady Manning column.  One week after placing DE JJ Watt on IR ,  Texans have done same with DE Devon Still . Sleeper alert RT @evansilva Kubiak on Texans rookie Dorin Dickerson He's got the talent to be a  No.  one or two  WR  in this league.RT @buffalobillscom QB Trent Edwards told he will start . Major QB development former Redskins QB Robert Griffin III is scheduled to visit the NY Jets later today ,  league source tells ESPN . Cincinnati has a new starting CB Adam Pacman Jones will start today vs . the Ravens . tough . Ezekiel Elliotts lawyers have tried to settle case with NFL ,  but no settlement coming . Ravens just traded with the Rams to acquire receiver Chris Givens ,  per source . Free agent CB Cortland Finnegan scheduled to visit Rams on Wednesday . Finnegan could rejoin Jeff Fisher . Raiders have signed CB Taiwan Jones to a three year contract extension ,  General Manager Reggie McKenzie announced Monday . As @mattbarrows reported ,  free agent CB Nnamdi Asomugha visiting 49ers today . Another great contract ,  this one done by @RalphCindrich Falcons pay former OL Bill Fralic ,  No . 2 pick in 1985 ,  150K every January for life . you . One month from tonight Green Bay at Seattle . Real deal . RT @DolFanBandits i was told at 700 am this morning ,   that miami dolphins was trading Greg Camarillio to the Vikings .  ...  Now confirmed . RT @ramjotvirsingh Show cricket some love Schefter  !  India vs . Sir Lanka in the world finals  !   ...  My new hashtag #sticktocricketschefter . On the day of the ESPYs ,  Stuart Scott's spirit lives on ,  and always will   . More news pertaining to 49ers' HC search ...  Steelers have brought back CB Bryant McFadden , WR Antwaan Randle El ,  LB Larry Foote . Fair to wonder if G Alan Faneca is next . #nfldraft . Why he's the best WR RT @Cardschatter @Lfitzgerald11 landed at 9 a.m . from India and showed up at Tempe complex for afternoon workout . If Aaron Rodgers throws for 293 yds vs . Atlanta tonight ,  he will have more passing yards in first 100 starts than any player in NFL history . Colin Kaepernick and 49ers reached agreement on 6 year extension worth over 100 million tying him to team through 2020 ,  per sources . Full Packers' squad ,  rookies and vets ,  reports to training camp today.Hall of Fame preseason game vs . Colts one week from Sunday night . Redskins TE Fred Davis dined last night in Washington with Bills HC Doug Marrone ,  GM Buddy Nix ,  Doug Whaley and other Bills officials . St . Louis Rams have agreed to terms with Nick Fairley ,  per source . How do you suppose Derek Jeter is celebrating his 37th birthday today  ?  NFLPA Exec Director DeMaurice Smith on chances of a 2011 lockout On a scale of 1 to 10 ,  it's a 14. And good morning to you  !  Jets RBs Matt Forte  knee  and Elijah McGuire  illness  ,  both listed as questionable ,  are both expected to play Su  . We have a trade  !  Panthers RBs DeAngelo Williams and Jonathan Stewart are expected to play tonight despite being listed as questionable on injury report . Giants waived P Matt Dodge and placed QB Sage Rosenfels on injured reserve . Also ,  LB Mark Herzlich made the Giants initial 53 man roster . Story behind the stories RT @darrenrovell1 Good story on Rich Big Daddy Salgado who insures top NFL draft picks  . RT @Maestro25 What would ESPN air in place of MNF if a lockout happens  ?   ...  Working on developing a new detective series with Mort and me . Tom Brady at 466 passing yards . And counting . Contrary to a report ,  SD RB Ryan Mathews was NOT arrested this weekend after a bar fight ,  per source . Panthers placed RB Jonathan Stewart on PUP list   out first six weeks ,  minimum . Former ESPN president ,  the great George Bodenheimer ,  has joined Twitter ,  @everytownsports . All proceeds of his book go to the V Foundation . In late games ,  Dallas beating NYG ,  Denver blowing out KC ,  St . Lou beating SF ,  and Seattle up 16 on Arizona . Just like everyone thought . It's official Brady Quinn is back to being starting quarterback in Cleveland . And Steelers clinch AFC North ,  making Sunday's game meaningless . Justin Tuck's people did a heck of a job pulling this together . Lots of people ,  fun and sponsers . Jets were willing to eat money on Eric Decker's contract in any proposed trade ,  but just couldn't eat enough to make it work . Instead of being suspended for one game ,  Bengals S George Iloka will be fined 36,464.50.Syracuse HC Doug Marrone is scheduled to interview this week for Cleveland Browns' HC and also will interview for Buffalo Bills' HC . Chicago's Lance Briggs and Charles Tillman are first set of teammates in NFL history to each return an INT for a TD in consecutive games . RT @MikeReiss Bit of a surprise in Denver ,  where it looks like former Pats DL Jarvis Green has been informed he won't be on 53 man roster . Rams WR Robert Woods ,  listed as questionable for Sunday vs Eagles due to shoulder injury ,  is not expected to play b  . No surprise but Lions announced RB Jahvid Best will not play this season . Bigger question will he ever  ?  Packers are releasing OT Chad Clifton today . Failed a physical . Had back surgery in the off season . Uncertain whether he will play again . Josh McDaniels and Patriots officially have agreed to new deal . McDaniels will be off asst during playoffs ,  OC next season . Job starts Sun . Browns have terminated contracts of QB Josh McCown and DB Tramon Williams . Security measures inside and outside Radio City Music Hall will be enhanced for 2013 NFL Draft ,  NFL announced today . Heading into tonight  . Description of Ed on @jillwerder's Twitter bio page semi famous and frequently unpopular hubby. Happy anniversary  . RT @Raux10 Catch Eli last night  ?  Thoughts  ?   ...  Eli turned in a Pro Bowl performance . He was superb . But he still should stick to day job . GM Reggie McKenzie also believes that ,  after this procedure ,  Raiders CB DJ Hayden will be ready for training camp . them . Official word of Panthers LB Thomas Davis two game suspension ,  with an explanation as to why  . Understatement of the day RT @nierling @AdamSchefter not a great weekend for ohio football fans . RIP Sweetness RT @nflcommish Today marks 11th anniversary of death of Walter Payton ,  one of the all time great players ,  men in NFL history . Filed to ESPN With K Jay Feely scheduled to become a free agent ,  the N.Y . Jets signed former Cowboys K Nick Folk to a one year contract . Dolphins WRs Jarvis Landry  knee  and Rishard Matthews  illness  ,  both questionable ,  both expected to play vs Jets ,  per source . Being with @SIPeterKing at a Starbucks in Albany is a little like being with Larry King at Nate N Al Deli & Restaurant in Beverly Hills . RT @plumbcrzy Channel 5 in Cincy reported Mike Shanahan is interested and possibly interviewin for UC job . &lt  100 percent false . RT @paulheinert How about Elway's helicopter 1st down against the pack  ?   ...  Incredible will and determination   but not as good as Lynch's . With Brian Hoyer nursing concussion ,  TJ Yates hurt his knee ,  Brandon Weeden now in game ,  Texans backup QB today figures to be Shane Lechler . RT @kingfrohman @JayGlazer Didn't he yell fore ?   ...  I thought I heard Forte ,  and never bothered to turn . Lucky to be standing . Honestly . TE Fred Davis ,  suspended indefinitely from the NFL on Wednesday ,  was stopped in Virginia and charged with DUI on Thursday . Kudos to Houston For the first time in franchise history ,  the Texans have posted a winning season . Sounds like the same old story in Philly with injured Brian Westbrook . Cautious about using him in practice ,  expected to play in the game . Survey Two thirds of NFL players say legal pot equals fewer painkillers ...  Cards game this Sunday afternoon vs . the Green Bay Packers at University of Phoenix Stadium is sold out and will be televised live locally . Redskins signed RB Anthony Alridge off the Houston Texans practice squad and to their 53 man roster . Also put G Randy Thomas on IR . Bears drafted QB Nathan Enderle with the fifth round pick the Ravens could have had as compensation for the day one debacle . At . No . 125 ,  Eagles take Missouri St . TE Clayton Harbour . #nfldraft . Packers added LB AJ Hawk  knee ,  probable  ,  LB Erik Walden  shoulder ,  probable  to injury report . Bears removed LB Pisa Tinoisamoa  knee .Vikes don't waste any time ,  do they  ?  Brett Favre expected to start Friday night versus Chiefs . In Saturday's wedding news ...  RT @davebirkett Newly married Lions RB Reggie Bush  . Bills announced the signing of fifth round pick Ed Wang ,  an OT and the first Chinese American player drafted into the NFL . When Frank Gifford won NFL MVP in 1956 ,  the Giants' offensive coordinator was Vince Lombardi and their defensive coordinator was Tom Landry . The ad Gary Kubiak took out in todays Houston Chronicle  . Today's Facebook question What trade of an NFL superstar would be closest to a Carmelo Anthony trade  ?  Chris Fowler spoke for the entire ESPN family and paid tribute to Ted Brown . Congratulations to the deserving many . RT @espn ESPN networks ,  website win 7 Sports Emmy Awards    . And on first day they were eligible to file their relocation application ,  the St . Louis Rams also have done just that . Filed papers today . RT @ProStarSports A huge Thank You to all those serving and who have served in our military . Land of the free Because Of the brave . Cameron Wake's sack vs . Vikings gives him 10.5 for season and triggered a 750,000 bonus . RT @MikeReiss Patriots downgade TE Aaron Hernandez ,  OLB Jermaine Cunningham ,  OL Dan Connolly ,  DL Mike Wright and DL Myron Pryor . Texans GM Rick Smith will be watching QBs such as Brett Hundley ,  Bryce Petty ,  Blake Bortles ,  Braxton Miller this week in event any turn pro . RB Ladell Betts got cut in New Orleans . Grand Jury Indicts Carlos Ortiz and Ernest Wallace on Charges of Murder ,  court announces . He now goes into New Orleans and Super Bowl history Drew Brees completed 18 of his last 19 passes ,  including his last 10 of the game . PART 1 Word @mortreport and I are hearing is that Ben Roethlisberger believes he is fine to play Sunday night at Baltimore . And ... Denver's offer to Von Miller includes 70 million guaranteed   25 million more than Broncos paid QB John Elway during his 16 HOF seasons . Vikings activated CB Chris Cook off IR . Tim Tebow signed for three years with ESPN . Left option open to pursue QB career . A transition tag sighting  !  Dolphins placed transition tag on TE Charles Clay ,  per a league source . TE transition tag is 7.071 million . This could be the spot for Matt Barkley . Philly . Watch and let's see . Favre news  and I predict this will be the week the deal gets done   just a hunch.  ... Dolphins LB Lawrence Timmons is doing much better today and wants to resume playing immediately with hope he will practice this week . These are some fighting words from Steelers coach Mike Tomlin We will not go gently . We will unleash hell in December.Rams HC Sean McVay left his team before preseason finale to take part in meetings with Aaron Donald's reps ...  Vincent Jackson agreed to five year deal in Tampa with Bucs . Dan Wetzel can write RT @DanWetzel Guilty . Guilty . Damn ,  Damn Guilty . My column on Jerry Sandusky's day of reckoning  . So much for acting theory LeBron James became the first player in Finals history to lead both teams in total points ,  rebounds and assists . RT @ncurt32 Any news on the Carson Palmer situation  ?   ...  No significant football news until there is a CBA . RT @disguyyy  I've heard opposite about NorwoodSnelling   feel good about Snelling getting carries  ?  &lt  That's what team told me this am . Interest in Panthers Carolina DC Sean McDermott will interview for Bills HC job ,  and asst HC Steve Wilks to interview with Rams ,  per source . Friday 10 Spot Why the 49ers are so dangerous this postseason ,  plus other NFL notes   . Stanford DL Solomon Thomas announces he is declaring for the NFL Draft . Jets and Dolphins will reimburse wages they docked from team employees during lockout . Hope other teams ,  and NFL ,  does too . #onlyright . For as tough a season as NFL officials have had ,  they have not had a worse game than Panthers Giants . Bad calls ,  lost control ,  just awful . RT @shalisemyoung Colleague @albertbreer is running Boston Marathon to raise funds 4 Joslin Diabetes Center   to donate  . Take the ESPN App everywhere and watch anything anytime games ,  NFL Live ,  @MatthewBerryTMR's fantasy show . Download the ESPN App today . Interesting part is that Eagles and Dolphins were nearing a trade for Dion Jordan . Then came the diluted sample and suspension . So no deal . KC traded 1 and 3 this year ,  and its 1 next year to move up to 10.Before Blair Walsh's missed ,  27 yard game winning FG attempt ,  kickers had been 189 of 191  99.0%  on FGs of 27 yards or shorter this season . Interesting now highly unlikely Carson Palmer will be willing to restructure his contract meaning OAK pays him 13 million or cuts him . Farewell to one of the true pioneers of sports broadcasting . RIP ,  George Michael . Redskins will not tender late season standout RB Quinton Ganther ,  so he's free agent . Browns are releasing Robert Griffin III today ,  per source . Chiefs officially have placed franchise tag on safety Eric Berry ,  per source . Competition committee proposing disqualification of a player penalized twice in one game for unsportsmanlike conduct . Lions president Rod Wood said tonight that he expects the NFL regular season schedule to be released next Thursday . The Buc Boys   Josh Freeman and Gerald McCoy   talking Buc Ball . Teams love to acquire players they can't control . Last year ,  WR Lee Evans caught three TDs against Baltimore . Rams HC Jeff Fisher on rookie Todd Gurley I cant say whether hes going to get preseason game snaps right now . Hes still a ways away.Priceless RT @ProFootballTalk Tom Brady says Bill Belichick wouldn't rip him like Brad Childress ripped Favre  . Franchise tags pay players average of top 5 players at position . Transition does same for top 10 ,  plus gives teams ability to match offers . Patriots are finalizing a deal with former Browns WR Kenny Britt ,  per @FieldYates . Deal expected to be done shortly . Panthers confirmed their starting QB on Sunday vs . the Ravens will be Brian St . Pierre ,  who signed with Carolina this week . RT @bhofheimerespn ESPN's 2 hour NFL sched special now on ESPN2. Switches to ESPN at 9p . Add Detroit to list of NFL teams that ban media from twittering from practice . That's 10 teams all together . That's unnecessary something . Panthers officially released RB DeAngelo Williams . RT @TylerSmith80 Would Texans ship Mario Williams out this offseason  ?   ...  He's a free agent . Could be tagged ,  but Houston wants him back . Playing in charity golf tournament today in which the event's director said the lockout is costing the Juvenile Diabetes Foundation 10 20k . The other Manning brother . Saturday ,  January 3NFC 435 PM  ET Arizona at Carolina  ESPN  AFC 815 PM  ET If Cincinnati wins ,  ...  Charges of assault and domestic violence against former Michigan DE Frank Clark have been dropped and reduced to ...  For those wondering about Brady Quinn's future in Cleveland ,  consider Browns paying Jake Delhomme starter money   7 million this season . Packers OT Bryan Bulaga's sprained MCL     version of tear    is not considered serious and he  should not miss much time ,  per source . Redskins instructed their former Pro Bowl punter Josh Bidwell not to report to training camp and that he will be released Thursday . Raiders also announced they cut CB Stanford Routt ,  who last year signed a five year ,  54.5 million contract that included 20 million gtd . Jaguars owner Wayne Weaver has reached an agreement to sell the franchise to Shahid Khan ,  subject to NFL's approval.No relation between Vikings  HC Mike Zimmer and Vikings LB Mike Zimmer ,  though both went to Illinois State . A major loss . RT @1WinningDrive Coach Harbaugh confirms Ravens CB Domonique Foxworth has a torn ACL and will miss the 2010 season . Remaining players for Friday include RB Dalvin Cook ,  RB Joe Mixon ,  RB Alvin Kamara ,  WR Zay Jones ,  RBWR Curtis Samuel ,  QB DeShone Kizer . So Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski and Steelers WR Juju Smith Schuster both are out this week and will return for Dec . 1 Just want to remind the Rams that Dr . Schefter available for any last minute medical checkups . Congratulations in order for former Broncos beat writer and current NY Times reporter @JohnBranchNYT on the Pulitzer Prize he won Monday . Denver and Demaryius Thomas reach agreement on matching 5 year ,  70 million deal that includes 43.5M GTD ,  per source . Jets' QB Josh McCown getting 125K for starting today's game and gets same for each start this season ...  Labor talks did not go real well today . But bad from today could be good later . Because the sides are now dealing with the critical issues . Brandon Banks was released from Virginia Hospital Center in Arlington today . Tube was removed from his chest . Drs forecast 1 month recovery . How predictable was this @RichCimini Uh ,  oh Darrelle Revis limited in practice today because of hamstring . Residual from holdout  ?  Hmmm ... I'm just saying ... RT @espnafcnorth Ravens GM Newsome noncommital on Vick    . In a memo the NFL sent teams today ,  it informed them that Seahawks QB Russell Wilson ,  eligible for a new deal ...  Vince Young needs to appear on NFL's waiver wire before Eagles can contact him . It'll happen Friday about 4 pm ET . Eagles still likely . Tough day for Roger Goodell ,  who first was killed off on Twitter ,  then later on his Wikipedia page . Raiders are giving former 49er WR Michael Crabtree a 1 year ,  3 million deal ,  with another 2 million in incentives ,  per source . 49ers reached agreement with OT Barry Sims on a one year deal worth up to 2.1 million with incentives . Here we go again Texans listening to offers and open to moving the top pick in the second round . Says it all ...  RT @Patriots @PatriotsProShop To Offer Free Exchange On Aaron Hernandez Jerseys July 6 7   . Not a lot of optimism that Tre Mason will be able to play today vs . Seattle ,  in which case Bennie Cunningham would start at RB for Rams . Story on how NFL plans to address umpires' safety . So 49ers' LB Navorro Bowman gets 4 year ,  44 million extension with 3 years left on his deal . This will get attention of teams and players . Eagles signed QB Matt Barkley to a four year contract that doesn't look much like deal he would have signed one year ago . Don't forget that ,  back in the day ,  Don Meredith was a superb QB . The former Cowboys QB still has thrown more TD passes than Tony Romo . RT @Chewblaha Adam ,  don't you think reporting a false death should result in termination  ?   ...  I NEVER did . Some despicable person did . Roddy White ,  Julio Jones officially active . Mort & Schefter's Week 11 notebook Why Seattle waived Christine Michael . Add one more prospective HC Raiders have spoken with Stanford's Jim Harbaugh ,  who did not express interest in Oakland's job . Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski still not 100 percent and remains limited in teams practices with a hamstring injury ,  per @MikeReiss . On Christmas Eve ,  we present Ditka Claus ...  Will Allen has signed a one year deal with the Dolphins and is practicing today . After dealing with a personal matter Sat ,  Miami LB Lawrence Timmons scheduled to meet with doctors today to determine issue ,  per sources . Right on . RT @mortreport So after what Leslie Frazier's Vikes defense did to Jason Garrett's offense ,  the Bills better stop playing around . One of the all time great guys ,  Bubby Brister ,  is hosting football camps in Denver . So far ,  no rookie has created more headlines RT @espn Dallas Cowboys WR Dez Bryant twists ankle at minicamp    . Had Brandon Weeden gotten hurt Sunday ,  emergency QB would have been Joseph Randle or Darren McFadden . Cowboys working out QBs this week . Despite today being target date ,  Browns HC Mike Pettine said team not yet in position to name a starting QB . NFL targeting mid August as appeal date for Von Miller's 4 game suspension . Resolution expected before regular season . Bill Belichick regarding Antonio Brown on WEEI As you know Im not on SnapFace and all that ,  so I dont really ...  If Marty Schottenheimer were to land the Bucs HC job ,  Brian Schottenheimer would not join as his OC . Brian prefers own path ,  other opps . Titans fear that WR Kenny Britt tore his ACL and MCL . Britt is scheduled to undergo an MRI on Monday to confirm extent of damage . After spending 11 days battling blood clots in his lungs ,  former Browns @JasonPinkstonOL is finished with ...  Randy Moss said he's the greatest all time WR . To which @JerryRice just said ,  Put my numbers up against his numbers.Packers and B.J . Raji are close to completing a 1 year deal that will keep the DT in Green Bay and off the free agent market ,  per sources . For anyone that missed it on Sportcenter ,  the replay of Steelers WR Hines Ward's visit to our Training Camp Bus .  Free agent RB Shaun Draughn re signed a one year deal with the Cleveland Browns ,  per @seanstellato . Jets' longtime standout center is moving on  . Chan Gailey didn't sound like a HC ready to sign Daunte Culpepper . Asked about Culpepper ,  Gailey said he hasn't seen him play in a long time . Darrent Williams . Sean Taylor . Steve McNair . Seems like more NFL players are targeted ,  and league has become like rap scene 10 years ago . The key RT @wingoz Something to think about while watching Sunday Steelers tied 4 NFL best 6 turnover margin ,  Ravens tied 4 NFL worst  6.RT @whip2dope Are Eagle's tipping their hand  ?  Kolb has to be the starter . Right  ?   ...  It'll be a huge upset if Kolb isn't Eagles starter . Per @CFL The @MTLAlouettes have signed @Ochocinco . Author ,  speaker & NFL wife Carrie Gerlach Cecil's new book ,  ONE SUNDAY comes out today . Check it out . Packers have activated S Atari Bigby from the physically unable to perform list . 7 day extension confirmed . Talks through next Friday at 5 pm . Mediation likely to continue Monday . Buffalo released DL Dwan Edwards . Green Bay and Detroit to meet for NFC North Title January 1 on Sunday Night Football . When a new drug policy passes   assuming it does   Wes Welker's suspension would be lifted to answer your question ,  @lindacohn . Browns are hiring Colts pro scouting coordinator Andrew Berry as VP of Player Personnel ,  per sources . This is the Browns' top personnel job . Filed to ESPN Patriots senior football advisor Floyd Reese is scheduled to interview for the Seahawks general managers job this week . Jason Pierre Paul expected to meet with doctors ,  they will have their say ,  but early indications are ,  hand injury is not career threatening . Ravens asst coach Clarence Brooks passed away today at a hospital in Weston ,  Fla. ,  after a battle with esophagealstomach cancer . He was 65 . Eagles finalizing a six year contract extension with tight end Brent Celek that will tie him to the organization through 2016.RT @jjmarvel Would this mean they would move out of St . Louis Adam .  ...  Not now . Of course if stadium isn't renovated ... Lots of play time tonight for Vince Young   that might bne the most intriguing storyline tonight . Dead on ... RT @ProFootballTalk No end in sight for Crabtree ,  49ers impasse  . Also ,  Cowboys DE DeMarcus Lawrence's appeal was denied ,  he is suspended 4 games ,  per @toddarcher . RT @ClayMatthews52 Love this dude @AaronRodgers12 !  Quietly emerging as 1 of most outspoken QB's in the NFL That's my quarterback T.O . cryRex Ryan compares Ndamukong Suh to Warren Sapp . As Carson Wentz walked off the field at one point ,  his left knee buckled . He headed to locker room ,  where Eagles tr  . Former Cardinals and Patriots G Jonathan Cooper reached agreement with Cowboys on a one year deal ,  per @toddarcher . Kevin Durant out 4 6 months  ?  Wow ... RT @FABEWASH31 It's snowing in Owings Mills .  ...  Good thing Ravens are headed to warmth of Green Bay . Seahawks' RFA Garry Gilliam signed offer sheet with 49ers ,  as @mattbarrows reported . It is a one year ,  2.2 million deal ,  per source . RT @RecruiterStacy JOB Statistics Manager oversee production of live scoring and statistics across #ESPNs platforms  . Sean McVay has been hoping to bring former Broncos DC Wade Phillips with him wherever he lands . Phillips a prime candidate to land in LA . Major blow to Cardinals Arizona LB Daryl Washington suspended the first four games of the season ,  per league source . Former Patriots' RB Jonas Gray is scheduled to work out Tuesday for the Tennessee Titans ,  according to his agent ,  @seanstellato . Both the Redskins and Cowboys   who play each other in Week 17   will win the NFC East with wins in their last two games . Reports are true and confirmed 49ers have agreed to trade DE Kentwan Balmer to the Seahawks . Quite a statement ,  trading player in division . As Tennessee is wooing Peyton Manning ,  Packers free agent center Scott Wells is visiting the Titans today . Patriots not picking up 20 million option in Darrelle Revis' contract now set to become free agent Tuesday . To wet your appetite Jadeveon Clowney 2014 NFL Draft Promo   Watch on ESPN May 8 @ 8pm  . USC and former 49ersLions HC Steve Mariucci have had conversations . Look for those to now continue . Sean Payton and Saints have agreed to terms on a new contract that will extend through the 2015 season . Needing more OL depth ,  Chiefs signed former Redskins G Mike McGlynn ,  per source . Don't think anyone expecting him to play Sunday ,  but not official RT @domepatrol@AdamSchefter Is it official  ?  Has McNabb been ruled out  ?  Cardinals released veteran LB Desmond Bishop . Ravens ,  Texans ,  Chargers and Eagles rookies all report today to training camp . Welcome . Kudos to the Browns for signing posters to give to Kory Wiita ,  an Ohio high school defensive back who recently suffered a spinal injury . Might not mean anything . But today ,  for first time in weeks ,  there's not doom and gloom surrounding whether Aaron Rodgers will be ruled out . Police respond to situation at Lambeau Field . Nick Foles now has a couple options ,  including Dallas . Decision likely today or tomorrow ,  per source . Colts make their front office makeover official  . So the new Packers safety Anthony Smith gets an unintended bye week ,  missing Green Bay's game today and Jacksonville's game Monday night . FOX reported ,  and it has been confirmed ,  that the Panthers are releasing QB Jake Delhomme . 24 years ago today ,  Desmonds Hello Heisman vs Ohio State   . And if USC does want him ,  can Jack Del Rio and Jacksonville agree upon a going away settlement to make it happen . Adalius Thomas' base salary scheduled to spike next season to 5 million from 2 million . Can't see Pats paying Thomas that money . Bears QB Mark Sanchez is expected to miss remainder of off season workouts due to knee injury suffered today but is expected ready for camp . Mike Shanahan's busy . Pittsburgh today ,  New England tomorrow ,  then on to Texans and Cardinals camps ,  before studying Florida w Urban Meyer . Panthers WR Kelvin Benjamin ,  whose knee swelled up during week and is listed as questionable for today ,  will play vs . Bears ,  per source . Fran Tarkenton said on Fox News that Broncos LB Joe Mays ,  who had a Van Gogh hit on Matt Schaub ,  should have been suspended for one year.Colts' kicker Adam VinatieriHas 89.7 FG PCT this season.Needs 90% FG PCT for 500,000 this season.Pressure FGs today . Broncos owner Pat Bowlen gave Redskins owner Dan Snyder a glowing recommendation on Mike Shanahan at last week's NFL meetings . Giants' kicker Josh Brown's ex wife told police of over 20 physically violent incidents . As good as they look now ,  think how much better Packers would be with @RyanGrant25 ,  @JermichaelF88 and their other 13 players on IR . Chiefs placed WRreturn specialist De'Anthony Thomas on season ending IR ,  per source . Naming rights for Royal Baby HRH Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge . First hit of day on ESPN scheduled for 920 am . Talking what else ... 4. 4ever . Nebraska announces former Oregon St HC Mike Riley as its new HC . For the first time since Thanksgiving 2015 ,  Tony Romo is back under center for Cowboys . Statement from Jags' RB Chris Ivory I returned to the stadium this morning to rejoin my coaches and teammates ...  Bears informed free agent linebacker Derrick Brooks tonight that ,  for now ,  they intend to go with their younger players . Broncos waived quarterback Christian Ponder from active roster . ESPN NFL Honors poll Picking 2016's players ,  coaches of the year . Seattle placed DT Red Bryant and G Ben Hamilton on IR ,  released RB Quinton Ganther and CB Nate Ness ,  and signed DT Frank Okam . Denver traded quarterback Tim Tebow to the NY Jets . Seahawks also announced they're keeping DE Chris Clemons ,  who tore his ACL in playoff win over Washington ,  on active roster . RT @ccpearce Norv deserves so much credit for job he's done ,  but throwing a bone to Ron Rivera Chargers are 18 6 since his promotion . A good person to follow RT @espnnfceast NFC East chat begins at noon ET . It's rumored that Schefter plans his week around this session . Chiefs placed G Mike Goff on injured reserve on Wednesday and signed free agent LB Justin Rogers . Philadelphia teams 0 for November at home . Sixers 0 6 in Philadelphia in November ,  Flyers 0 4 ,  Eagles 0 1 before todays game vs . Bucs . Revis not on Wayne . And so it goes . Again . Michael Gans ,  8th Circuit Court Clerk in St . Louis ,  said he does not expect a ruling on stay today . Again . At some point this season ,  Cleveland might want to see what it has there . RT @kzearley @AdamSchefter what about Brett ratliff  ?  How bout this Giants are discussing a potential return to New York with their former WR Plaxico Burress . More on ESPN . Think of all those who lost loved ones ,  and imagine the worst day of your life being commemorated so publicly every year ,  over and over . Not hard to imagine the Falcons pursuing free agent CB Dunta Robinson ,  who is from Athens ,  Ga . It's a marriage that makes some sense . With Ryan Mallett out for the season ,  Texans are signing former Bills QB Thaddeus Lewis ,  per league source . Falcons were up on 49ers 17 0 midway through 2nd Q in NFC Championship four years ago . Steelers activated veteran linebackers James Harrison and Jason Worilds from PUP . JaMarcus Russell ,  Ryan Leaf ,  Akili Smith ,  Cade McNown   who else immediately comes to mind  ?  And here we have it . RT @SF49ers It's official ,  we have signed RB Brian Westbrook to a one year contract  . Wallace Gilberry is re signing with the Bengals ,  per source . Not just CHI ,  LA in play for 2015 Draft so are DAL ,  HOU ,  PIT ,  PHL ,  BOS ,  others . Each to submit info to NFL by mid June decision late June . So this will mark the second time in four seasons that Drew Brees has led New Orleans to the NFC Championship game . Picks segment for today's games coming up soon on Sunday NFL Countdown . Marc Trestman coached Bernie Kosar at Miami ,  Rich Gannon in Minn and Oak ,  Steve Young in SF ,  and Jay Cutler before his Indy combine . Raiders QB Matt Flynn ,  not Terrelle Pryor ,  will start Sunday vs . the Washington Redskins ,  per league source . Eagles already signed RB Darren Sproles to a two year contract extension ,  tying him to Philadelphia for three seasons ,  per league source . Bills' DT Marcell Dareus violated a team rule ,  was sent home and will not play tonight vs Baltimore . His issues continue . RT @ivand50 Who would you start ,  Brees or Vick  ?   ...  The best guide to figure out who to start and who to sit  . RT @GenoEspn Amazing column by Riles on David Akers' amazing year . So one of last year's free agent prizes ,  DE Michael Johnson ,  makes big money in Tampa before returning to Cincinnati . Messages like this all day RT @jnation83 why am I not getting your tweets  ?  Thought u disappeared but my phone just isn't getting ur updates . Since the June 2009 day this account opened ,  it has been an honor to inform and serve . Your support makes the work worthwhile . Thank you . RT @jayfeely and John Skelton  ...  And John Skelton   you said it ,  not me Mr . Points Machine . RT @YarvisBabo Why does the word trending never trend  ?   ...  I'm sticking to football tonight . Kyle Orton's 2nd half #s 11 of 15 for 146 yards ,  two TDs ,  and a QB rating of 146. Maybe Denver should have given up two 1's to get him . Kirk Cousins is not expected to sign a long term deal by Mondays deadline ,  but is open to doing deal with team after season ,  per source . My two Carmelo cents I trust Donnie Walsh a lot more than I trust James Dolan and Isiah Thomas . Not sold yet . #sticktofootballschefter . Whispers Eric Berry getting closer to a deal ... Suh is not ... Trent Williams deal not far away ... and these deals will really pick up now . Unlike Terrell Suggs ,  you bet your sweet ass I love Pittsburgh  especially its camp @ St . Vincents College. Divisional Playoff WeekendSaturdayKansas City at New England.Green Bay at Arizona.SundaySeattle at Carolina.Pittsburgh at Denver . Redskins plan to release kicker Kai Forbath and sign former Saints and Bills kicker Dustin Hopkins ,  per source . Falcons are likely to release running back Michael Turner ,  who is scheduled to make 6.9 million this season . Ben Roethlisberger identified the rare and dangerous rib injury a dislocated first rib that could have pressed against his aorta . Right guard Chris Kuper down for the Broncos   and that's not good . Kuper one of the most underrated guards in the league . RT @DevStill71 That moment you get the best news you've ever received and don't know what to do so you just ...  Watch what SF is about to do for it's run game . Here it comes ... To try to help season ending  shoulder injury of Mark Ingram ,  Saints signed RB Austin Johnson off their practice squad . New England Patriots announced the signing of veteran TE Bo Scaife today . 30 seconds of fun costs @OGOchocinco 30G . First free agent signing for the new Los Angeles Rams QB Kain Colter ,  former Northwestern standout . Still have a while to go to catch Gil Brandt ,  but now on way to my 20th combine . #mightaswellpayIndianastatetaxes . Seahawks WR Jermaine Kearse signed his restricted free agent tender today ,  per source . Seattle had put a second round tender on him . Kam Chancellor out for Seahawks vs . Falcons . from@doublejtwotwoHBO announces new sports variety show ,  Artie Lange Live.first guest is Joe Buck.and OchoCinco will correspond via Twitter . Think I hear Philadelphia ... Bills claimed and were awarded OL Sam Young off waivers from the Dallas Cowboys . Maybe LB Aaron Schobel retires ,  maybe he is traded . But every indication is that he and Buffalo are now done with each other . RT @R8drgz So flozell is fined 50k 4 a cheap shot and @OGOchoCinco is fined 30k for dressing funny . Like @QBKILLA says ,  What I miss  ?  White House press secretary Sean Spicer announced the Patriots will visit the White House on April 19.My understanding   unconfirmed   is the other teams to put in 4th round claims for Jeremy Jarmon were Eagles ,  Bucs ,  Saints ,  Lions ,  Pats . After three days in Philadelphia ,  everyone working on the ESPN broadcast team now knows the Eagles' fight song by heart . ESPN revisits first NFL prayer circle ,  held by 49ers and Giants after abrutal game 25 years ago today . RT @MikeReiss Patriots place kicker Stephen Gostkowski on season ending IR . Tough blow . Thigh injury . CBS now says Panthers LB Luke Kuechly is being evaluated for a concussion   what would be at least his third in three years . RT @giantspathanlon Adam ,  your reservation at Albany Motel is set ... honeymoon suite with jacuzzi ... Tennessee will start QB Charlie Whitehurst in place of the injured Jake Locker today at Indianapolis . Riley Cooper said he doesn't want teammates to forgive him because that would put burden on them ,  not him . He wants the burden . Raiders' WR Michael Crabtree is expected to play today vs Panthers ,  even though he is listed as questionable with ankle injury ,  per source . Green Bay signed its first round pick ,  Bryan Bulaga ,  to a 5 year contract . For those scoring at home ,  Scott Green has worked two other Super Bowls in 2002 and 2004 as the back judge . Cowboys QB Tony Romo told Michael Smith that he hurt his right ankle in today's third quarter and will have it examined Monday . Hmm . See where Roger Goodell is optimistic there will be a new CBA in place by the Super Bowl . If there is ,  I won't tweet for a month . Former Vikings S Orlando Thomas ,  who led NFL in INTs during rookie year in 1995 ,  died last night of ALS . He was 42 ,  like his uniform number . A Browns victory next Sunday over Philly would be double win would help in AFC North and help with first round pick they own from Eagles . My ode to The King . Panthers WR Brandon LaFell is inactive . NFLPA will decide this week whether to file a grievance against Browns or call for reform as to how concussed players are treated in game . Former Raiders cornerback Chris Johnson is scheduled to visit the New York Jets on Monday . Saints officially released CB Brandon Browner and used the post June 1 designation on him to save salary cap space . DeMarco Murray will be first player to lead NFL in rushing yards and change teams before start of the next season since Bill Dudley in 1947.Interesting Washington granted permission to Buffalo to interview Redskins offensive line coach Chris Foerster ,  per source . Roger Goodell said Nike CEO Mark Parker recently told him that NBA players wear more padding from their hips down than NFL players . Rams plan to hire Lions DB coach Tim Walton as their defensive coordinator . Broncos HC Josh McDaniels said CB Perrish Cox ,  DL Kevin Vickerson ,  S Darcel McBath ,  LB Robert Ayers ,  LB Wesley Woodyard not going to London . RT @mortreport Titans CEO Tommy Smith set to meet w coach Mike Munchak and GM Ruston Webster this a.m . Smith will make trip from Houston . With Colts CBs Greg Toler and Darius Butler ruled out Monday night ,  with DJoun Smith on IRdesignated to return ,  Colts down 3 of top 4 CBs . Bills already have ruled out C.J . Spiller ,  Shawne Merriman and Spencer Johnson for Sunday's game at Cincinnati ,  according to team website . With Titans interested in former Bills HCs Gregg Williams ,  Perry Fewell and Mike Mularkey ,  who knew Buffalo was such a HC training ground  ?  Don't know whether this will be Favre's final season ,  but it will be the final season for Giants Stadium ,  site of many memorable games . Officially official Colts GM Ryan Grigson confirmed today that Andrew Luck will be the first pick in this year's NFL draft . Some saving grace for Minnesota Vikings off the hook for balance of Randy Moss' 3.38 million contract . Look for Moss to shine in Tenn . Atlanta Falcons have been offered the starring role in this season's version of Hard Knocks . Team not usually announced until May . And so it begins Panthers hoping to become first team to lose the Super Bowl and get back to it the next year since the 1993 Bills . It's official Broncos QB Brock Osweiler will start Sunday vs Bears . In other Ravens' news ,  Baltimore rookie DE Brent Urban torn his ACL . Just woke up wife while pounding bberry and tweeting in bed . On that note ,  for rest of night ,  I'm being forced to retire like Favre in GB . Raiders ,  not NFL ,  are expected to impose discipline on defensive coordinator Jason Tarver for his obscene gesture during Sunday's win . For those that can't access ESPN link ,  Saints now planning to bring back veteran CB Mike McKenzie ,  who fractured his kneecap one year ago . Good luck unseating them   no matter how long Brady sits . RT @moshal Any word on world peace  ?   ...  Sources tell me that ,  like MJD and Andre Johnson ,  it's doubtful . No player in NFL history has switched teams within same division after he had at least 80 catches ,  1,200 receiving yds in previous season . Former Chiefs' QB Nick Foles is returning to Philadelphia on 2 year deal ,  per sources.And now ,  questions ...  Colts WR TY Hilton has hired Maverick Carter and @ErikBurkhardt as his new representation   same team that works for Clev QB Johnny Manziel . Need to learn plenty of things . RT @AndyDonehue @AdamSchefter you need to learn how to do tiny URL's . Former Jets' WR Jeremy Kerley reached agreement with the Detroit Lions ,  as @caplannfl reported . football . Rams are interviewing Titans VPFootball Operations Lake Dawson and Falcons director of player personnel Les Snead for their GM job today . I aspired and hoped to be like Mitch Albom . RT @hjnorm hey Adam when you were in college what did you think you would be doing today  ?  QB Tajh Boyd and WR Sammy Watkins will participate in Clemson's Pro Day today . Jaguars worked out former Cowboys DE Greg Hardy today ,  as @RandGetlin reported ,  but do not plan to sign him at this time ,  per sources . Interesting graphic and comparison about Vikings QB Case Keenum on ESPNs NFL Live  . Congratulations to ESPN's Chris Berman ,  who's being inducted into Cable Hall of Fame in Chicago today  not that he'll ever see this tweet .Bears placed starting TE Martellus Bennett  rib  on IR and signed TE Rob Housler . 12 First pro athlete I ever encountered was Ken Griffey Jr . As intern for Seattle PI in 1990 ,  I walked into M's locker room ,  looking lost . Uh oh . Kurt Warner woke up with sore neck and Cardinals now proceeding as if Matt Leinart will start . Source also said Warner could play . RT @Packers48094 what are the possibility that marshawn lynch goes to the packers  ?   ...  Not happening . Bills adamant Lynch going nowhere . The sense in Pittsburgh and around the league is that the NFL will wind up suspending Steelers LB James Harrison on Tuesday morning . Dolphins activated defensive lineman Phillip Merling from the ReserveNon Football Injury List and waived quarterback Patrick Ramsey . Browns announced they placed WR Josh Gordon on reservesuspended by club . Not a good way to end the season . As @tomecurran reported ,  Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski broke his forearm . Am told he did it on the Patriots' last extra point . Dom Easley signed his tender with the Rams today ,  per source . Know Them From Adam Podcasts for the weekendChris Mortensen Mike Lodish ...  Former Jets LB David Harris has reached agreement on a two year deal with ... the New England Patriots ,  source tells ESPN . Hey @sportsguy33.   Michael     Lombardi . Patriots and WR Julian Edelman were unable to reach a deal today and he will test the market . The TE combine workout comparables from @numberFire and @nikbonaddioO.J . Howard2012  Coby Fleener Round 2 ,  ...  Bad news for Green Bay   worse than thought RT @TyDunne Packers WR Randall Cobb will miss 6 8 weeks with a fractured fibula . On a conference call right now to do a fantasy football show tomorrow night ,  7 pm eastern ,  on ESPN with Matthew Berry and Mark Schlereth . 7th round 2018 draft pick that Bears sent to Chargers is a conditional pick ,  per source . It will be based on Inman production this season . First RB at No . 54 to Tennessee   Bishop Sankey . Latest the first RB off the board ever has gone in an NFL draft . RT @gidalkaiser Wait you watch something other than all NFL ,  all the time  ?   ...  I'm watching to see if they show my pal @OGOchocinco . Congratulations in order RT @drewbrees Baby boy # 2 is here . Brittany and new baby are great ,  though Brit has yet to give in to name i want . RB Le'Veon Bell will undergo MRI today on mid foot injury he suffered Mon night . Mid foot injuries sometimes turn out to be Lisfranc . Look at @wingoz and @LRiddickESPN for Halloween  . So Cardinals to interview Mike McCoy again ,  Eagles to interview Gus Bradley again ,  Bears to interview Marc Trestman and Darrell Bevell again . As @mortreport reported ,  former Titans HC Mike Munchak will interview today for the Penn State HC job . happy birthday also to George Steinbrenner AND Al Davis ,  two of sports great all time figures . Crazy both men born on same day ,  this day . RT @CharlesChandler Panthers tender RFA QB Matt Moore highest possible ,  Level 5 ,  tender  ... 1st and 3rd round picks  ... salary 3.043 million . Looks like Rashard's job to me . RT @ProScoutLook @AdamSchefter If Parker plays this week ,  does he split carries with Mendenhall 5050 ? Strong take ...  Falcons vs . Saints tonight Since Week 6 of last season ,  the Falcons are 0 3 against the Saints and 18 1 against the rest of the NFL . Bucs fired Raheem Morris . Cardinals starting LT Levi Brown tore his triceps Friday night and is undergoing an MRI this morning to determine exte  . Valid question . RT @JHeintz if stallworth can get looks why is matt jones not getting any  ?  It's like he fell off face of the earth . RT @sethmeyers21 First the colonies ,  now that goal . Is there anything that won't slip through your fingers ,  England  ?  Despite shopping him and finding interest ,  Eagles have made decision to cut WR DeSean Jackson . Outright . Jackson is now a free agent . Cowboys DE Anthony Spencer will undergo knee surgery expected to sideline him 2 4 weeks ,  per ESPNDallas . Browns signed DT Ahtyba Rubin ,  a highly underrated player ,  to a three year extension worth 27 million ,  including 18 million guaranteed . Phil Simms is moving from booth to CBS' pregame show ,  per the network . Once Tom Brady files appeal ,  which he has until 5 pm ET Thurs to do ,  NFL then will have 1 week to appoint an appellate officer to hear case . And Randy Gregory suspended 4 games next year for failed drug test . Former Packers LB Desmond Bishop is visiting Vikings today ,  Chiefs on Thursday and also is considering visit to Jacksonville . Dolphins QB Ryan Tannehill will not play Sunday as has been expected ,  per league source . Ravens defensive coordinator Chuck Pagano is scheduled to interview for the Colts head coaching job Tuesday . And there we go DAnthony Thomas takes an 80 yard punt return to the house . How bout this former Cowboy  ?  Martellus Bennett became 1st player in Giants history with a TD reception in each of his 1st 3 games with team . Longtime Jaguars starting CB Rashean Mathis will visit the Lions on Saturday . Could upgrade and help their secondary . Jacksonville offered to pay back Denver 3 million   vs . Jets 2.5   for Tim Tebow . Plus ,  Jacksonville's 4th rd pick was more valuable . Did he just do that  ?  !  ?  !  Are all those people in South Florida still as angry at Ted Ginn as they were last week  ?  Ginn is winning this game by himself . Cincinnati has decided to give LB Rashad Jeanty a low tender that carries no draft pick compensation . He's basically a free agent . Bad sign for Donte Moncrief's shoulder Colts signed WR Devin Street to 53 man roster off Patriots practice squad . Big day for the Browns Cleveland can clinch the No . 1 overall pick for the second straight year ,  either with a los  . Lions WR Calvin Johnson did not practice today . May be nothing ,  may be something . Lions will update injury report later . Bengals and Browns thought they beat the clock on AJ McCarron trade . Clock beat them . Close but no deal . And Giants also released DL Chris Canty as well . Freeing some cap space . Ravens WR Anquan Boldin now has 606 receptions in 98 games ,  reaching 600 career receptions in the fewest games in NFL history . RT @SIPeterKing No Dwight Freeney . Jerraud Powers was limited . Otherwise ,  no big surprises . Things to do during a lockout Tweet The Professor . RT @KingJames @ClaytonESPN All good ,  Thanks Clayton  !  Osi Umenyiora is on his way into Giants camp ,  having decided to report without a new contract . Easy and nice way to support some Military Vets  . RT @tripljp @AdamSchefter I'd rather see @OGochocinco in a room with james harrison  . Four years ago today ,  Dallas signed Tony Romo to an extension through 2019. Romo remains in the headlines ,  but his future is murky ,  for now . Needing a new long snapper ,  Redskins will work out Lonnie Paxton ,  Joe Zalenka ,  and Justin Snow  today . Jets interviewing Dolphins assistant GM Brian Gaine today for their GM job . Elvis Dumervil's contract not filed with NFL in time . Dumervil released ,  as Denver Post released . Former Bengals K Shayne Graham signed a one year deal with Baltimore believed to be worth 2.5 million if he reaches certain incentives . Now that Vick and Favre have homes ,  most oft tweeted question is where Marvin Harrison goes  ?  I'd guess he's too pricey for any team to sign . RT @MMcCarthyUSAT Steve Young on ESPN's SportsCenter when asked what he remembers most about Jerry Rice . I remember him being open.No QB in NFL history has more wins  56  than Matt Ryan through their first 5 seasons . Sat in the cold tub ,  got a massage ,  rubbed on my eye black ,  put on my tape ,  adjusted my gear ... and I'm ready for showtime  !  Roger Goodell on his decision I am not prepared to treat players differently when the same conduct is involved.Bucs deactivated DT Albert Haynesworth ,  who has yet to win a game in Tampa Bay . Houston is 0 10 all time in road games against Colts ,  tied for most road losses vs an opponent without a win in NFL history ,  via Elias . This should be fun . RT @espnafcnorth Ochocinco Day at ESPN    . Nothing official until later ,  but it sounds as if Chargers RB Ryan Mathews is likely to play . Patriots RB Kevin Faulk and DL Brandon Deaderick have been activated to 53 man roster from reservephysically unable to perform list . Former IndianapolisBaltimore Colts Head Coach Ted Marchibroda passed away today at age of 84.No other players ,  not AJ Green nor any Cardinals nor 49ers ,  will be suspended for Sundays actions ,  per league official . Bills announced QB EJ Manuel will need to undergo a minor knee procedure an will be out rest of preseason . QB Ryan Mallett and Texans reached agreement on a two year deal ,  per league source . Happy 70th Birthday to the Main Grandma Pizza Man ,  Umberto's of New Hyde Park on Long Island . RT @darrenrovell1 AP Price reductions on Jets PSL's include lower end zones  5,000 to 2,500  ,  and lower sidelines  15,000 to 10,000  . Panthers Exec on RR He's coming in for 2nd int . Nothing done . Could it happen quickly  ?  Yes . Could it not happen quickly or at all  ?  Yes.49ers HC Jim Harbaugh on Alex Smith and his finger Good . Says hes doing good and not something thats a big deal ,  or to worry about.NFL and Sean Paytons agent Don Yee are finalizing conditions under which suspended Saints HC can negotiate a contract extension with NO . WR Anthony Armstrong re signed with Cowboys . And ,  as @ProFootballTalk noted ,  Ravens released special teams standout Brendon Ayanbadejo . Jets go through punters like 49ers do offensive coordinators .  Jets signed free agent P Steve Weatherford and waived P A.J . Trapasso . So long to a legend . RT @kingsthings JD Salinger has died .  My favorite book is Catcher in the Rye . Great Sunday am read RT @MikeReiss Quick hit thoughts with Patriots  cold & windy tonight Peyton's history in cold   . North Dakota State QB Carson Wentz prepares for NFL Draft via this 360 video ...  RT @DarkseidsBoots I can't wait for the 18 game schedule ,  so all us random people will have the chance to come off the streets and play  !  Doctors have recommended to Giants DE Jason Pierre Paul that ,  due to his shoulder injury ,  he not play again this season . Former Giants WR Domenik Hixon has agreed to a one year deal with Carolina Panthers ,  as CBS reported . Panthers piling up former Giants . Today is 14th anniversary of Music City Miracle ,  when Titans beat Bills with a cross field lateral on a kick return . Also Elvis birthday . Week 2 RBs injured includeAdrian PetersonDanny WoodheadDoug MartinAmeer AbdullahArian Foster  . RT @toddarcher Filed to @ESPN Tony Romo has 2 fractured transverse process in back ,  could play Sun . B . Petty had injury ,  missed 1 game . Bengals head coach Marvin Lewis today was named 2009 NFL Coach of the Year by the Associated Press . Now that Andy Lee has been traded to Cleveland ,  here's more on SF's new punter ,  Bradley Pinion ...  Giants restructured contracts of G Chris Snee and P Steve Weatherford to get under cap yesterday . Boy are we getting close . One week from today Rookies from Texans ,  Patriots ,  Chargers and Eagles all report to training camp . One week  !  Wow . According to Jake Ballard's agent ,  Blake Baratz ,  the Giants have every intention of re signing his client . Exactly two weeks from Radio City ,  prime time and the new draft format . Patriots announced their former LB coach ,  Matt Patricia ,  officially has been named defensive coordinator . Great line from ESPN's Tom Rinaldi Andy Murray is playing for kingdom ,  for country ,  for history ... Chiefs placed DE Jaye Howard on IR ,  per source . After speaking with people involved in case ,  it is opinion of ESPN's Roger Cossack that Ben Roethlisberger won't be arrested or indicted . New concussion protocol ,  largely in response to last season's Case Keenum debacle  . RT @dajared What happened to Terrelle Pryor  ?   ...  He would back up Matt Leinart ,  who worked with Raiders OC Greg Knapp in Houston . After considering Denver ,  Calais Campbell is going to sign a 4 year ,  60 million deal that includes 30M gtd with Jacksonville ,  per source . Steelers signed LB Renauld Williams and CB David Pittman ,  who was the Ravens 2006 third round pick from Northwestern State . RT @tunasweasel Jeff Ireland loves Brett Favre right about now .  ...  As does Roethlisberger ,  whose absence at Steelers camp an afterthought . Chiefs officials conducted mid week secret mission trip to OAK to visit Marcus Peters . Liked what they heard . Jaguars hired former Buccaneers and Cowboys DC Monte Kiffin as defensive assistant coach . Here's a good idea . RT @Wrayfield I'd wait until after Viking's training camp to confirm his retirement . Giants have WRs Nicks ,  Barden ,  Smith ,  Hixon and Manningham   all locks . Then there's Moss ,  Tyree ,  Hagan ,  Biddle . Ravens have to like one . Brandon Weeden threw 14 TDs ,  17 INTs ,  3385 yds . Ryan Tannehill threw 12 TDs ,  13 INTs . Yet Browns appear in QB market ,  Dolphins not . Despite speculation that Mike Shanahan could wind up in Dallas ,  he will not . Shanahan eyeing other situations ,  not the Cowboys . Arian Foster with a long TD run . Looooong . Please join me to suppo . Please don't ask me to repeat this on air Bears will be releasing TE Brandon Manumaleuna . Don't remember the last Super Bowl parade that was being carried by CNN . Titans signed TE Delanie Walker to a 2 year ,  14.7 million extension ,  including 8.2 million guaranteed ,  per source . @Loyalty247 did deal . Barry Church agreed to a 4 year extension with the Cowboys worth 12.4 million ,  including 3.9 million guaranteed . Today is the NFL's Offseason Hump Day   107 days from Super Bowl LI ,  107 days to the start of Week 1 of the regular season . Titans TE Jared Cook suffered a season ending rotator cuff injury . Today's NFL Live ,  featuring discussions on Andrew Luck ,  Derek Carr and Broncos' QB battle . RT @sportswatch The Two Escobars premieres on ESPN tonight . If you watch only one 30 for 30 series ,  this would be a good one to pick . Clarification on P . Manning's status . He becomes free agent once his name appears on NFL waiver wire ,  which could be as early as 4 ET today . Rams WR Danny Amendola is inactive . Rob Blagojevich on the Today Show   this guy gives me the skivies . And why is he on  ?  Haven't we heard enough from this guy  ?  Help welcome RT @AKDW90 Any chance of a RT to support the relief effort in the Australia flood crisis  ?  Donations here  . This happened before MNF opener this season RT @MNFonESPN  An hour before kickoff ,  it is pouring rain at New Meadowlands Stadium . #MNF . him . Tomorrow night is the BIG Fantasy Draft . Tough league   the Old Gowers Benevolent Association  OGBA . Drafting second in 12 team league . T.O.'s incentives 60 catches   333k 100 catches   333k 900 yds   333k 1300 yds   333k 10 td's   333k 14 td's   333k . Total 2 mil . Al Davis has been with Raiders since 1963. This will be his 14th head coaching hire . Twelve of his 13 hires had an offensive background . Lastly There's hope ,  enthusiasm ,  optimism . But as one source texted ,  There's some irrational exuberance seeping in. A little patience . Broncos traded future draft pick for former EaglesBrowns DT Broderick Bunkley . With Myles Garrett officially active ,  the No . 1 and No . 2 picks from the 2017 Draft will make their NFL debuts this weekend . Saying that ,  I do sense that TCU coach Gary Patterson will be in the mix for the Notre Dame job . Browns today released defensive lineman Frostee Rucker ,  the team announced . Falcons RB Devonta Freeman officially ruled out for Monday nights game ,  meaning RB Tevin Coleman starts . Ravens reached agreement with former Seahawks wide receiver TJ Houshmandzadeh on a one year ,  855,000 deal . More at espn.com . Roger Goodell just told NFL owners that Todd Jones ,  former Director of the Bureau of Alcohol ,  Tobacco and ...  Saints' 188 yards of offense were their fewest in a game since Week 3 ,  2003 vs Titans  also 188 .Statement from Browns HC Pat Shurmur Trent Richardson is traveling to Pensacola ,  Fla. ,  where he will have his left kn  . Even after suffering a concussion last week ,  Seattle Seahawks linebacker Lofa Tatupu will start today . Cardinals WR Michael Floyd active vs Atlanta . After being shot in shoulder ,  RB Chris Johnson released from hospital yesterday he is expected to make a quick and full recovery.Chargers announced they have signed former Rams and Dolphins TE Randy McMichael to a one year contract . Networks have made their choices as to what games to protect so they can't be flexed to Sunday nights  . Redskins placed tight end Chris Cooley and defensive end Jeremy Jarmon on Injured Reserve . RT @MikeReiss Vince Wilfork on field ,  working out in front of medicaltraining staff . This is an indication he is a game time decision . Bears LB Jerrell Freeman becomes Heimlich hero during 'crazy' airport episode ...  Having lost lost Melvin Ingram to a torn ACL ,  Chargers are bringing DELB Dwight Freeney to San Diego on Weds for visit . So four coaches today   Hue Jackson ,  Pep Hamilton ,  Scott Linehan ,  Teryl Austin   in line for HC interviews this week . RT @jmena28 do you know what came about of Tom Cable ,  Al Davis meeting  ?   ...  Just bc they met doesn't mean there will be a verdict . Yet . Kicker Josh Scobee's agent ,  Ken Harris ,  said his client has no plans to sign the franchise tender the Jaguars used on him today . To honor Kenny McKinnley ,  the Broncos will wear a No . 11 decal on the back of their helmets for the rest of this season . Chiefs RB Jamaal Charles is inactive . Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger's birthday today . 28   and entering his prime . Spent my morning watching soccer ,  my afternoon watching tennis . What's tonight   curling  ?  Josh McDaniels said Kyle Orton is questionable for Sunday wants to see how Orton is this week . If Orton can't start ,  it's Chris Simms . Another big NY move LB David Harris re signs with Jets 3 years ,  21.5M ,  including 15 million fully guaranteed ,  per source . Bengals terminated contract of WR Laveranues Coles ,  releasing him to free agency . Josh McCown deal with Browns3 years14M with upsides to 20M . 6.25M is Fully Guaranteed . Year 1 is 5.25M Fully Guaranteed . Friday's 10 Spot on Giants Stadium ,  Matt Schaub ,  and what Vince Lombardi would say about Colts resting their regulars . Jay Cutler's long ,  strange off season ends two weeks from today when Bears report to camp . How much you think he's missing Denver  not  ? Steelers released linebacker Larry Foote ,  cornerback Curtis Brown and offensive tackle Levi Brown ,  the team announced today . Bills announced they hired former Syracuse standout and Jets WR Rob Moore as their WR coach . Another great thought RT @Dietor even auctioning off the actual card he uses when he announces the pick . United Way baby . whervr . Saints announced they placed CB Jabari Greer on IR . Adrian Peterson matter resolved . Greg Hardy next ... 49ers HC Jim Harbaughs family and friends have been encouraging him to take the Michigan HC job ,  but he is torn ...  Please take a moment to wish a very happy 50th birthday to one of the greats in our business . Happy 50th birthday ,  @NBCSNF . 49ers reached agreement with center Jonathan Goodwin on a 3 year ,  10.9 million deal ,  including 4 million guaranteed . New England preparing for its next QB move  . Well deserved   congrats to Desmond .  RT @freepwolverines   Desmond Howard elected to College Football Hall of Fame . And now New Orleans and the Saints lose Hokie Gajan.Manning and Bradys combined 306 regular season wins are most ever by opposing starting QBs in a game ,  according to Elias Sports Bureau . Jets The Butt Touchdown . OchoCinco . Or Wash or St . Louis or Carolina or Tenn . RT @143CardiacKats @AdamSchefter do you think Tebow will go to Oak or Clev or somewhere else  ?  RT @Sinfonian 2 ambulances on Titans field followg police scanner traumatic injury call . news  ?  &lt RB Javon Ringer hurt back ,  not serious . Honored to be the 7000th follower of my friend ,  @stevemariucci . Lions have asked for and received permission to interview Patriots director of pro scouting Bob Quinn for their GM job ,  per league sources . Tim Tebow clearly is in a New York state of mind . RT @NYPostHubbuch Tim Tebow said his dog Bronco has been renamed Bronx . Mario Williams' deal in Buffalo six years ,  up to 100 million ,  including 50 million guaranteed . Browns rookie QB Cody Kessler will start Sunday vs . Miami ,  per league sources . Josh McCown dealing w shoulder ...  RT @TomPelissero BREAKING #Vikings just released Antoine Winfield . How to spell MVP Cam Newton is 1st player in NFL history with at least 300 passing yards ,  100 rushing yards and 5 TD passes in same game . RT @espnnfl New York Giants' WR Steve Smith expected to sit Sunday   . Fifty days until Chiefs Patriots ,  and the kickoff of the NFL season . Manti Te'o does not make out of the first round . Watched Gruden's QB camp tonight . RG3 can quarterback my team any day ,  any time . Everyone wants one . RT @MarkMaske Redskins owner Daniel Snyder says Washington deserves to host a future Super Bowl ...  Redskins' candidate list likely to include Jay Gruden ,  Mike Zimmer ,  Lovie Smith . Redskins inquired through third party about David Shaw . Don't want to burst anyone's bubble but ... Raiders have lost 10 straight prime time games . RT @Rossib @AdamSchefter Now its Raider time  !  Carolina's Ryan Kalil became only the second center ever to get tagged . Back in 1996 ,  Lions placed franchise tag on C Kevin Glover . Not the last we've heard of this . RT @espnnfl Darrelle Revis of New York Jets sits out some plays to protest deal  . Former Giants kicker Robbie Gould will sign a two year deal with the San Francisco 49ers ,  per @JordanRaanan . Week 11 Bengals at Arizona game on Sunday ,  November 22 flexed to 830 PM ET on NBC . Steelers have signed veteran tight end Leonard Pope to a one year contract . New deal for Titans CB Jason McCourty brought to you by @andysimms and @WesleySpencer of PlayersRep . Another person familiar with Saints' first round pick Sheldon Rankins' fractured fibula said initial prognosis has him missing 6 8 weeks . Jaguars signed wide receiver Jordan Shipley and waived fullback Will Taufoou . DE Carlos Dunlap signs a 6 year extension for 40,000,000 ,  including 20 million in the 1st 2 years . Here's the story on NFLSaints settlement talks from @mortreport and @Edwerderespn   . U.S . District Court Judge Berman will issue Deflategate ruling this week ,  as early as Tuesday ,  no later than Friday . Seahawks RB CJ Prosise is active today . Back in 2005 ,  no 1st round picks had signed by July 20 only eight were under contract by July 30. So hold on   some holdouts coming . Ezekiel Elliott ruling is in . Order denying stay . Broncos signed rookie punter Britton Colquitt to their active roster from Miamis practice squad . Steelers gave RB LeGarrette Blount a two year ,  3.85M deal ,  including a 950K signing bonus . Rams' RB Tre Mason strained his hamstring last night and ,  with Todd Gurley unlikely to play opener ,  some early season RB questions in STL . RT @MikeReiss Wes Welker coming off physically unable to perform list . Will practice today ,  director of player personnel Nick Caserio says . Some of the best TV out there ,  ESPN's 30 for 30 Fall Slate  . To fill Aaron Smith's roster spot ,  Steelers signed rookie defensive end Rashon Sonny Harris off of the Carolina Panthers practice squad . Full Randy Gregory story he faces longer ban due to another drug policy violation . This year's Mr Irrelevant actually is very relevant With the last pick ,  Broncos make QB Chad Kelly this year's annual Mr . Irrelevant.Percy Harvin has been released ,  per @RichCimini . Broncos will name their interim HC this morning . All signs point to DC Jack Del Rio . G Justin Smiley was traded from Dolphins to Jags pending his passing a physical . Compensation not yet known . Ties that bind Colts president Bill Polian was Panthers general manager when Carolina used its first round pick on QB Kerry Collins . More Vick views . NFL announced that teams may begin contract negotiations with free agents at 10 am Tues no deal can officially be signed until Friday . Lions were only team to clinch a playoff berth today ,  becoming eighth team to claim a postseason spot this season . Four more golden tickets . All done . RT @DanaKing70 @AdamSchefter So are there are absolutely no trades that can be done after today ... what about waiving someone  ?  One of best parts of day   finishing intense workout ,  sitting on bench ,  and knowing you're done for the day . Yes . RT @caplannfl Buccaneers and DT Amobi Okoye agreed to a one year ,  2 mill deal ,  his agents Darin Morgan and Ian Greengross confirmed . Next big expected to get done Panthers ,  Luke Kuechly expected to agree to new mega deal within next 24 hours . Summer of LB deals continue . Redskins TE Fred Davis has been suspended indefinitely without pay for violating NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . Vikings' statement on decision to reinstate RB Adrian Peterson . Speaking to people at NFL owners meetings ,  it's clear that Chiefs' LB Justin Houston's 2016 season is in jeopardy . As my pal @richeisen noted ,  Jim Harbaugh is making Brett Favre look clear minded . Former LA Rams QBs Vince Ferragamo and Jim Everett showed up at teams' facility today to meet and welcome No . 1 pick Jared Goff to LA . To have @ochocinco ,  @mortreport and @tthasselbeck love me the way they say they do makes me feel like one pretty special guy . Steelers LB James Farrior   15 tackles and 1 sack today . Sounds like tomorrow is the Big Day . RT @DeSmithNFLPA Players stay strong  !  Stay informed ,  update by 2pm tomorrow . RT @caplannfl Panthers announced they traded RB Mike Goodson to the Raiders for GT Bruce Campbell . Eagles will interview interim head coach Pat Shurmur on Monday and Bears offensive coordinator Adam Gase on Tuesday ,  per @mortreport . The more I hear ,  the more I think Lions WR Calvin Johnson will not play Sunday at Green Bay due to his sprained knee . RT @ProFootballTalk Unless someone caves ,  cap is going away on Friday  ...  And no one caving . Let the uncapped year begin . Jaguars announced that 1st round pick Blaine Gabbert is signed   and practicing with the team . Broncos announced they agreed to terms with free agent center Ryan Lilja . Out of retirement . More  issues RT @espnafcsouth Jim Caldwell Mathis and Bethea are not at minicamp along with Wayne . Coach who shows up is his mantra . For the first time at ESPN ,  it's time to deliver the mail  . Chargers signed four picks ,  including LB Manti Teo and wide receiver Keenan Allen . Bengals RB Jeremy Hill inactive . 49ers' GM Trent Baalke told @BobHoltzmanESPN that it's possible Colin Kaepernick could be traded this week . Deshaun Watson did tear his ACL ,  per source . Tests on site revealed tear . @rapsheet first mentioned this possibility . There we go . RT @Edwerderespn Sources say Tom Brady attended meetings last night ,  intends to practice today and play Bucs in preseason game . After Richie Incognito was accused of harassing a volunteer at Dolphins charity golf tourney in 2012 ,  HC Joe Phibin wanted to release him . Eagles have to have some QB concerns over injured QB Kevin Kolb . They just signed former Arena League QB standout Matt Nagy . Eagles acquire CB Ronald Darby from Buffalo for WR Jordan Matthews and a 2018 third round pick . Titans VP Lake Dawson ,  Giants VP Marc Ross scheduled to interview for Bucs and Dolphins GM jobs . Packers exec Alonzo Highsmith also on radar . Seahawks released Eric Winston ,  who some thought could start for them at RT . No argument here . RT @matthewhaggard @AdamSchefter Aubrayo Franklin is the most underrated DT in the National Football League . Chargers announced that RB Branden Oliver suffered an Achilles injury today vs . Vikings . Upon further review . not considered serious ,  so Lee and Jags catch a break . Very well done here ...  Classy move   Chiefs general manager Scott Pioli flew in to attend this dinner and honor HOF inductee Derrick Thomas . Texans announced they signed former Chiefs FS Kendrick Lewis . RT @CorySprankle If Luck goes 1 ,  what team gets him  ?   ...  If team at 1 doesn't want him ,  it will trade pick for a bounty of picks . California officials have been courting Carolina owner Jerry Richardson in the hopes of bringing Panthers to LA   with no luck so far . Cowboys LB Sean Lee's neck injury is more significant than team thought ,  which is why he will not play Sunday vs . Eagles . Mark your calendars January 1 ,  2012 ,  KC at Denver ,  Kyle Orton vs . Tim Tebow . RT @CHRISinPGH Do you think the texans have the ability to reach the afc championship  ?   ...  Yes . They will be an AFC favorite . David Garrard threw his 20th touchdown pass today ,  tying Mark Brunell's franchise record . Very good season for the underrated Garrard . Words from De Smith RT @GAtallah The now infamous memo  in full  to agents  . Chargers signed their 15th unrestricted free agent of 2012 ,  inking former Oakland Raiders tackle Mario Henderson to a one year contract . Broncos CB Champ Bailey expected to play vs . Colts despite his foot injury . CB Andre Goodman will test his thigh in pregame warmups . DeMaurice Smith sent NFLPA reps to Cleveland today to gather more information related to the treatment of Browns QB Colt McCoy . Falcons officially agreed to terms with Tyson Jackson ,  too . Former Chiefs flocking to Atlanta to join former KC GM Scott Pioli . Texans keeping Kris Brown and will have an open competition this summer . Brown vs . Neil Rackers . Best kicker gets job . 49ers have made former HC George Seifert their honorary captain for today's game vs . Saints . Former Redskins DT Anthony Montgomery and Seahawks CB Travis Fisher are participating in the Ravens mini camp on a try out basis . Denver signed starting OLB Mario Haggan to a two year ,  3.5 million contract extension that includes 1.25 million guaranteed . On EJ Manuel deal Per CBA ,  there's automatically a 5th year club option on 1st rd picks ,  making it a 5 year deal . #BillsMafia . When Manning said he was proud of his teammates for keeping their mouths shut ,  he sounded like he was talking about the idiot kicker.Any trade between MINN and SEA for Percy Harvin ,  which still is being finalized ,  is expected to include Seahawks' 2013 first round pick . Phil Dawson tweeted he's joining the 49ers . So San Franciso now adds top kicker on the market . The fact that Eric Mangini AND Mike Holmgren each attended Tim Tebow's pro day is a strong hint that Cleveland will be drafting a QB . Bills safety Aaron Williams to decide his future after this season . Rob Gronkowski had his 14th and 15th TD catches of the season today ,  setting NFL single season record for receiving TDs by a TE . Bears released statement on passing of Dave Duerson . Today is a difficult day for all of us who loved Dave . We'll miss him. RIP ,  DD . Just as it sounded   and now confirmed . RT @caplannfl RB LeGarrette Blount will be working out at Oregon's second Pro Day on 318.And for those who missed it ,  Redskins are tagging QB Kirk Cousins before Tuesday's deadline . Check that Rex Ryan has loat 90 pounds since his lap band surgery . Still impressive . RT @mortreport Buccaneers confirm Carl Nicks and Lawrence Tynes were afflcted with MRSA infections . More on NFL Insiders ,  3 ET ,  ESPN . Colts waived DB Matt Giordano and claimed off waivers LB Cody Glenn  D5 09 choice of Washington 6 0 ,  240 ,  Nebraska .Doesn't happen often but Browns won twice in one day won their first game of season and won when SF did ,  allowing Clev to retain No . 1 pick . On it goes ...  Notables returning to full practice today Panthers QB Cam Newton ,  Raiders TE Kevin Boss ,  Eagles QB Vince Young ,  Vikings DT Kevin Williams . Aaron Donald just showed up at Rams and took his physical he will not play Sunday ,  per source . RT @jamisonhensley When Rex was becoming a HC candidate ,  Pryce said , If he becomes an HC ,  I'm going to find out and I'm going with him.We are seeing once again why DPOY ,  and all awards ,  need to be voted on after the season ,  not during it . Free agent RB Frank Gore has told people he will sign this week with the Philadelphia Eagles ,  league sources told me and @caplannfl . A decision today on Sean Payton and Mickey Loomis' appeal is possible but not likely . And here comes Okung at 5. #nfldraft . You are correct . RT @stevegiglio On the whole SteelersLJ thing ,  wasn't Jerome Bettis a big trouble maker once as well  ?  Just sayin . Dr . Eric Skipper ,  whose team operated today on John Fox When someone returns to work varies quite a bit   from a few weeks to 8 10 weeks.No surprise   Bucs choose Byron Leftwich as starting QB . Before USC AD Mike Garrett hired Pete Carroll ,  he first offered job to Jeff Fisher . In fact ,  Garrett has made at least two runs at Fisher . Former Patriots starting safety James Sanders ,  released today by New England ,  is scheduled to meet Tuesday with the Atlanta Falcons . Oh . Man . RT @espn Freeman fractures thumb as Bucs topple Chiefs    . RT @FantasyRoots Unforunately ,  this type of stuff is happening all over the country right now . Many employers have lost their soul . RT @ddockett Please Commisioner don't fine Ahmad Bradshaw 5,000 for throwing a pillow at me ,  My 3yr old son hit harder ,  please REFUND . Great use of classroom instruments from Jimmy Fallon ,  Robin Thicke and The Roots . To help replace injured first round pick Brandon Graham ,  the Eagles will sign former Patriots LB Derrick Burgess today . Steelers TE Ladarius Green is expected to return to practice today . Hes currently on PUP . Colts claimed the following players off waivers S Sergio Brown ,  OT Mike Person and NT Martin Tease . Now we know the secret . RT @DrinkLunaSueno  Another important stat is that Tony Romo is now 4 0 since turning the baseball cap around . Cowboys rushed for 191 yards Sunday   20 yards more than the Packers had allowed in their first 4 games played combined . RT @CMonManESPN C'Mon Man  !  tonight on Monday Night Countdown at 7 eastern ... special teams in both college and pro on the hot seat ... Raiders RB Marshawn Lynch already has appealed his one game suspension for physical contact of official ,  per source . Love O line but will be difficult to duplicate last season . Colts announced Andrew Luck as No . 1 pick the Tues before draft . Chiefs not ready to make any announcement ,  likely to wait until Thurs night . For inquiring minds . RT @giantspathanlon Eli's signature is still up there ...  It hangs over this season . RT @1CUT On this date in 1982 ,  The NFL players began a 57 day strike . Let's hope we have no stoppage in 2011.Kudos to the world champs RT @espn New Orleans Saints players visit oil spill weary area    . Texans QB T.J . Yates bruised his left shoulder Sunday ,  but is expected to start Saturday vs . Cincinnati . One of the more disappointing 40 times came from Florida State's Myron Rolle   4.70 and 4.69. Great person ,  subpar times . Donte' Stallworth got cleared for all football activities relating to his injuries from the hot air balloon incident . Should have market . RT @EricStangel MNF   Daniel Snyder just gave Jim Zorn 20 bucks and said Don't worry about the 2nd half . Go see Avatar or something . OK ,  let's try this link ,  see if it works as extreme example of TMI . Attention NFL schedule makers New England plays in New Orleans this season . So Brandin Cooks returns to New Orleans to face former team . Seahawks pull of 1st round shocker West Virginia LB Bruce Irvin . Hard to imagine or figure Tom Brady now has lost three straight postseason games . Have to say ,  with 4,300 texts to one person since September ,  Bobby Petrino might text more than me . Rhodes Scholar Myron Rolle released in Tennessee  would figure to be a prime practice squad candidate .If Vick is on the Eagles roster Feb . 6 ,  2013 ,  three days after this seasons Super Bowl ,  3 million of his nearly 16   . Within Jets organization ,  QB Matt Simms has some real support to play . Should Geno Smith struggle ,  worth watching . The Giants' 1993 ,  pre draft scouting report of Texas Southern Univ . DE Michael Strahan ...  2010 NFL draft now almost over for Bears . Their 1st round pick went for QB Jay Cutler ,  their 2nd round pick for DE Gaines Adams . Bills officially placed RB Fred Jackson on IR . Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch is dealing with a hamstring injury that ,  according to source ,  makes him 50 50 to play Monday against Detroit . Raiders HC Dennis Allen said QB Carson Palmer has cracked ribs and a bruised lung and will not play again this season . Lions released CB Dr Bly ,  DT Rob Callaway ,  LB Caleb Campbell ,  LB Vinny Ciurciu ,  WR Brian Clark ,  DT Landon Cohen ,  RB DeDe Dorsey . RT @AndyFenelon Not sure of significance ,  but sure interesting In 8 Broncos victories last season ,  Marshall failed to surpass 100 yards . Packers released ,  amongst others ,  tackle Breno Giacomini ,  quarterback Graham Harrell ,  tight end Spencer Havner . Cincinnati took Texas WR Jordan Shipley at No . 84. Hope his teammate Colt McCoy goes to Clev at No . 85. Would be fitting #nfldraft . Hopper from Hoosiers RT @Lane Boys ,  we're gonna run the picket fence at 'em . Now ,  don't get caught watchin' the paint dry.Despite being listed as questionable with a hip injury ,  Rams DE Chris Long will play today . Titans WR Corey Davis now on his way to the facility to sign his deal . 49ers announced they have signed veteran QB Josh McCown to a one year deal . Guess that means no Daunte Culpepper . Wes Welker's two year ,  12 million contract has 150,000 in incentives for each year he catches 90 passes . Deal has no other incentives . Good for the Cubs . Good for Chicago . Houston looking at a Houstonian . RT @McClainonNFL Texans are bringing in punter Shane Lechler for a visit Thursday . Here's an intriguing question for the night With Donovan McNabb in Washington ,  where does Jimmy Clausen now go in the draft  ?  Schwartz challenge flag rule unlikely to be changed until after season . In interim ,  it's an easy rule for coaches to comply with . More sadness in football . Condolences to the family of Hall of Family Lou Creekmur ,  who passed away at age 82. Giants' WR Roger Lewis was arrested Sunday morning and charged with operating a vehicle while impaired  OVI  ,  as @TMZ reported . On the day CB Janoris Jenkins agrees to play for NYG ,  Rams CB Trumaine Johnson officially signs his franchise tender . Chiefs are giving RB Jamaal Charles a two year extension that makes him 2nd highest paid back in league and ties him to KC for four seasons . So Aaron Rodgers returned to win the NFC North title ,  a first round bye and MVP . Most people thought Cowboys and DE DeMarcus Ware would have deal by now . But they haven't talked contract since beginning of summer . Sticky . RT @isaiahrose when will you be growing a mustache to rival Chris Berman's  ?   ...  If I wanted ,  by 1 pm . But room for only one stache at ESPN . Just wondering what if the Packers called Wisconsins own Tony Romo ...  ? Kam Chancellor wears 31.Seattle scored 31 in Sunday loss.Rival Arizona scored 31 in win.Seahawks upcoming opponent ,  GB ,  scored 31 in win . ESPN's NFL Power Rankings Biggest riser Redskins  up 9 spots ,  to 15 . Biggest faller Seahawks  down 6 spots ,  to 26   . Sure sounds like the Raiders have all the votes they need today to move to Las Vegas . Get used to ... the Las Vegas Raiders . Jeff Fisher arrived at press conference ready to respond to Rodney Harrison's criticism of him . The Q and A Q ...  Panthers announced they released CB Chris Gamble . To be specific ,  Browns were asking two 1st round picks for OT Joe Thomas . They won't get that . True RT @giantspathanlon Olney has football in his background . former NYG beat writer for NYTimes . may be an upgrade given his versatility . To clarify ,  @BeanieWells26 tweeted Manning  Amazing ,  and I posed hypothetical question Cardinals QBs   ?  Second part mine ,  not his . And now Bears have announced they have released DL Ray McDonald . Gary Kubiak has agreed to become the head coach of the Denver Broncos ,  per league source . In response to President Trump  . Chargers' WR Keenan Allens 15 catches were most by a player on Kickoff Weekend since 1970 merger . Five of Div Playoffs 8 QBs    Tom Brady ,  Joe Flacco ,  Russell Wilson ,  Aaron Rodgers ,  Peyton Manning   have won SB ,  most for Div playoffs ever . Good luck to Tedy Bruschi and the thousands running today's Boston Marathon . Back to football ,  thankfully . Packers worst fears realized   Pro Bowl defenders Al Harris and Aaron Kampman lost for season with injuries . JJ Watt added to injury report today as questionable for Sunday due to illness . Packers have activated CG JC Tretter from injured reserve  designated for return and released OT Derek Sherrod . Dan Quinn says WR Julio Jones is out on Sunday . Friday 10 Spot Texas QBs taking over the NFL ...  RT @happyjoelucky must be a slow NFL news day when youre RTing baseball  ...  Any Rockies pitcher that throws a no no deserves at least a RT . Jaguars have fired OC Greg Olson ,  per @caplannfl . Like father like son just as Al Davis fired Mike Shanahan and Lane Kiffin 4 games into season ,  Mark Davis has done same with Dennis Alllen . RT @michaelvaldez92 Two Kardashians have a boyfriendhusband w championship ring  Reggie Bush ,  Lamar Odom   ...  Kourtney's stock just rose . Finally here  !  #Broncos #Ravens tonight . Will discuss with @ESPNLockerRoom on @1023ESPN in Denver at 315 MT . A former Pro Bowl tackle calls it a career  . And as soon as I tweet Orton looking sharp ,  Nate Clements picks him off in endzone . Bring back Cutler  !   Next high proile RB to monitor is N.Y.'s Thomas Jones . Jets must decide whether Jones is worth 3 million roster bonus due March 9.Jaguars now make it official Gus Bradley relieved of his duties as HC . Washington OL Ty Nsekhe underwent core muscle surgery and is expected to be sidelined 3 6 weeks . RT @WillGravesAP Steelers RBs @LGBlount @LBell26 to face charges on pot possession . Bell also to face DUI charge . Cowboys announced Rich Bisaccia as the clubs special teams coordinator today . Former Colts defensive coordinator Greg Manusky was named Redskins outside LB coach . Bills are getting a conditional 7th round draft pick from Chargers in return for QB Cardale Jones ,  per source . Former Giants and Panthers LB Jon Beason announced his retirement today . Worthwhile read RT @PostSports Agent Joby Branion draws from difficult past to help NFL players ,  esp during lockout . Interesting that Donovan McNabb wants to play in Minnesota . Problems is ,  everyone around league expects Brett Favre to be back with Vikings . Safety market increases Rams will release veteran safety Quintin Mikell on Monday . Giants GM Jerry Reese on Ryan Nassib Yeah ,  if he doesnt ever play ,  that would be great.Smart RT @LATimesfarmer People of Pittsburgh believe this to their black and gold cores When the curtain comes up ,  the Curtain comes down . RT @brestchris Does kc go after g ,  t ,  or trade down first round  ?   ...  Don't forget BC LB Luke Kuechly . Texas A & M WR Mike Evans and Penn St . WR Allen Robinson declared for NFL draft . FWIW Vince Young never asked to leave facility . He was asked not to come to meeting . He finished his treatment while team was in meeting . Ted Wells transmitted his report to Commissioner Goodell and the New England Patriots earlier today . Chris Myers contract with Houston 4 years for 25mil with 14mil fully guaranteed . November is #Diabetes Awareness Month ,  so in honor of my wife ,  I'd like to encourage you to share your stories at  . Now THIS is the way to dress for Media Day ...  On last day he could have been cut to become a free agent ,  Chargers LB Shawne Merriman was not . He now will have to pass through waivers . T.O. ,  Ocho   Carson Palmer already should have an endorsement deal with Tylenol . Get on it ,  @john . OK ,  if there's a new CBA by the Super Bowl ,  I will grow and wear a mustache for a month . Done . Rams have released G Richie Incognito ,  a former third round pick who had a verbal argument with HC Steve Spagnuolo on Sunday . Just to clarify James Thrash is the appeals office for Aqib Talib while Derrick Brooks is the appeals officer for Michael Crabtree . Will take days ,  if not weeks ,  to recover from this . Just hope that as many people as possible are unharmed and safe . Wishing Twitterverse a happy Easter ,  a happy holiday weekend ,  and happy times with your family . Patriots K Stephen Gostkowski tendered with a second round pick . Few feelings better than finishing a long run ... and knowing you're done with your workout for the day . Yes  !  Seattle will sign former 49ers CB Perrish Cox if he passes his physical today and team also is considering placing CB Brandon Browner IR . Uh oh Falcons GM Thomas Dimitroff told Atlanta media he is disappointed in contract talks with Roddy White and the situation could linger . A blow to New England Patriots placed CB Leigh Bodden ,  S Josh Barrett ,  DB Brett Lockett and DL Darryl Richard on injured reserve . Ravens announced they have released RB Bernard Pierce ,  who was arrested for DWI . Cowboys cut WRs Isaiah Stanback ,  Jesse Holley ,  Mike Jefferson and Willie Reid . Adding to @JuddZulgad report Vikings reached agreement with Ryan Longwell on four year ,  12 million deal that includes 3.5 million gtd . Change to draft format this year each draft pick in attendance will have selected a walk up song to be played when he is selected . Jonathan Vilma's appeal is over . His attorney Peter Ginsberg ,  called it a sham. Ginsberg said NFL declined to turn over new evidence . Before there was former 49ersWisconsin LB Chris Borland ,  there was former SeahawksWisconsin OL John Moffitt ...  The Jimmy Clausen Watch officially is underway . Could go a bit ... like to Minnesota at No . 30. #nfldraft . Quite the grand entrance ...  @MikeWellsNFL WR Reggie Wayne shows up to camp in Indy car  . Raiders gave WR Seth Roberts a three year ,  12 million extension that includes 6.45M gtd ,  per source . On the day the Chargers are expected to name their new GM ,  Colts VP of football operations Tom Telesco is back in San Diego . Observing a #momentforSandyHook victims this Friday at 930 am ET . Please join me at  . Buyer beware None of the 2013 free agents to sign with new teams ranked in top 10 in passing yards ,  rushing yards ,  receiving yards or INTs . Veteran Patriots OL Dan Connolly is retiring   and has explained why . Negotiation play by play Marvin Lewis headed back in to meet  Mike Brown . Cooler heads may prevail here . Both sides want to work it out . Former 49ers HC Jim Tomsula will interview at this week's Senior Bowl with the New Orleans Saints for their D line coach job ,  per source . Denver already has found someone to try to help replace Ryan Clady ...  Now official DeShone Kizer is Browns' starting QB week 1 vs . Steelers . Titans released Al Woods . Panthers LB Luke Kuechly inactive today again vs Falcons . As much as he wants to play ,  Panthers being smart with his concussion history . Hope it's wrong but Frank Ntilikina ahead of Dennis Smith Jr . already feels like Frederic Weis one spot before Ron Artest in 1999 NBA Draft . I predict they shake hands  !  RT @Devon2012 What do you think about Jets Pats  ?  Ryan v . Belichick looks like it could be a nice rivalry . Denver has reached agreement with TE Owen Daniels ,  per sources . Here's the reason Adalius Thomas is at Justin Tuck's event in NYC   they're cousins . And one cousin always will have bragging rights ove  ... Gibbs . NFL has turned over some evidence to the four players suspended for Saints bounty program ,  but lawyers for players are seeking more info . Moments ago at his Pro Day ,  Buffalo linebacker Khalil Mack clocked the 40 in a 4.54 ... Great interaction between @CoachJim4UM @CoachJeddFisch & @Jaboowins on @SportsCenter just now . Tune into #DraftAcademy tonight 7pm ET ESPN . Nike now pays Odell Beckham Jr . more than the Giants . RT @bigdew7 So who do you think will win between the ravens and steelers  ?   ...  For now ,  I'm saying CBS . Lions are scheduled to interview Ravens OC Jim Caldwell for their HC job Friday . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Falcons just signed first round pick Peria Jerry . done deal . Bears waived RB Jeremy Langford . According to AccuWeather ,  kickoff temperature for today's Seahawks Vikings game is  1.So once again it's Kerry Collins to Randy Moss ,  just like it was  or wasn't  in the Black Hole . And Cardinals reached an agreement in principle on a one year deal with former Steelers RB Rashard Mendenhall . Which look suits Peyton Manning best  ?  Raiders free agent WR Denarius Moore is scheduled to meet Thursday with NY Jets ,  per source . Jets need a speed WR to go along with other WRs . Cleveland is used to this In each of the past three years ,  the Browns have beaten the defending Super Bowl champion . This is first World Series between two franchises each with at least a current 50 year championship drought ,  per Elias . Bears officially used their franchise tag designation on WR Alshon Jeffery . Jags to Pro Bowl Maurice Jones Drew  starter  ,  tight end Marcedes Lewis and special teamer Montell Owens were named to the AFC Pro Bowl . Replay shows his butt touched ... League saves money on travel   whole league office doesn't have to fly anywhere . Site surveys are in its backyard . Money will be saved . Giants HC Ben McAdoo said Odell Beckham Jr . got cleated ,  has a cut or two ,  and will be sore for a couple of days.Don Brocher ,  Patriots equipment mgr and longest tenured employee in franchise history ,  lost season long battle vs . leukemia last night . RIP . Shout out to @profootballtalk for the nicknames he continues to create in the hours leading up to my new job . Wells Report is a mere 243 pages . There's a new Palmer and a message is in order . RT @john Congrats to Carson & Shay on their new babygirl . Not that there was a question ,  but @RGIII will start today vs . Minnesota . End of an era in Denver . Props . RT @broncossacco Last show yesterday for Irv and Joe ,  legendary Denver sports talk team . You'll be missed . Panthers hired former Giants assistant coach Al Holcomb as their linebackers coach . Google Holcomb from last season's SB . Great story . Saints just released CB Cortland Finnegan ,  per source . RT @BusterESPN Also the birthday of George Steinbrenner and Orioles owner Peter Angelos ,  as well as Al Davis . What's that about  ?  Super Bowl watched by more than 106 million people ,  surpassing 1983 finale of MASH to become most watched program in TV history . Ray Rice is going to coach in NFLPA Collegiate Bowl . Thursday Blitz exactly 15 years ago next Thursday was the Music City Miracle . It should not have counted ... Redskins wide receiver DeSean Jackson ,  listed as questionable due to shoulder injury ,  is expected to play Sunday night vs GB ,  per source . Steelers GM Kevin Colbert told @Edwerderespn that Mike Wallace is not available for trade.Welcome back to NFL CB Jamar Fletcher ,  who has signed with Cincinnati . Because I like to share all kinds of information ,  look who got engaged . Broncos placing DeMarcus Ware on injured reserve today due to back injury ,  sources tell @JeffLegwold and me ...  Bills Marcell Dareus Im playing Sunday vs . Patriots ...  Some of the first of many words on the topic It's not Brett Favre back to Green Bay ,  but Michael Vick does go back to Atlanta next week . Remaining amount   12 contract here RT @mixfmkyle Does claiming team have to pay full amount left on contract or just pro rated portion  ?  Cincinnati ... Cardinals RB Andre Ellington is expected to play today vs . Green Bay ,  even though he is listed as questionable with toe injury ,  per source . Because there is no state tax in Nevada and California's tax rate is 13.3 percent ,  Derek Carr could backload his new deal and save millions . Should 49ers free agent QB Alex Smith wind up signing in Miami ,  he would rejoin his former high school teammate ,  Reggie Bush . Fireworks ending mean one thing especially NFL training camps are not long from starting . Looks like Brandon Marshall's new 50 million deal makes him the highest paid WR in NFL history . Lot to live up to this season . RT @ShowTimeP85 AMERICAN AIRLINES is taking doctors and nurses to Haiti for free . Please call 212 697 9767. Spread the word ... Cowboys topped Forbes list of most valuable NFL teams . It's Jerry's World and we're just living in it . Jets owner Woody Johnson told beat writers today Mark Sanchez 'is our guy' but ... didn't rule out pursuing Peyton Manning if he's available . Must see TV Doug Williams Super Bowl feature narrated by RG3 coming up on Countdown ... Not just changes with Gary Kubiak . Texans terminated contract of special teams coach Joe Marciano . Bills hosting free agent WR Anquan Boldin on a visit today . Thoughts and prayers with former CNN achor Nick Charles ,  who's battling bladder cancer . Charles is a pioneer in sports broadcasting . @thekid27 . Imagine this . RT @espnafcsouth Manning on growing his hair out like Brady Oh no . I pretty much have had the same haircut for 32 years.Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch ending his holdout  . Patriots WR Leonard Hankerson ,  claimed on waivers this week from Atlanta ,  is expected to be active today for New England ,  per source . Seahawks CB Brandon Browner tweeted he has been reinstated by NFL . Now makes him the newest free agent CB . Saints LB Jonathan Vilma undergoing knee surgery today in Philadelphia out for preseason ,  should be back for opener . One of sports broadcasting's pioneers passed on at age 64. RIP ,  Nick Charles . Former Raiders' WR Rod Streater visiting the Bills today ,  per source . Former Chargers DT Antonio Garay agreed to a one year deal with NY Jets . Texans WR Andre Johnson will be inactive today . Special Saturday edition of Sunday NFL Countdown coming right up ,  from 10 11 ET this morning . Might be nothing ,  might be something . But Pats WR Wes Welker made 11 foottoestep up references in his press conference today . Eleven . Lions claimed former Browns OLB Armonty Bryant off of waivers . Indiana WR Cody Latimer will run his 40 at his pro day . He received a 3rd round grade but had a broken bone in his foot and DNP at Combine . RT @SIPeterKing 50 yrs ago today ,  JFK assumed presidency Ask not what your country can do for you . Ask what you can do for your country . RT @LenBermanSports Happy 50th to the Captain ,  Mark Messier ,  author of one of the two greatest guarantees in New York sports history . Washington not getting trade offers it wanted . A surprise OT next at No . 4. #nfldraft . RT @Bonesaw Help suppo . Filed to ESPN When the Randy Moss to Minnesota trade is completed later ,  Patriots will receive a third round pick in return from Vikings . That would leave ,  by my count ,  Balt ,  Pitt ,  Clev ,  Hou ,  KC ,  Det ,  G.B. ,  Minn ,  N.E. ,  Tenn ,  as the unofficial potential contenders for Vick . Chicago Bears have agreed to terms with DE Jared Allen on a four year contract . Angels owner Artie Moreno paid Albert Pujols 254 million   72 more million than he bought his team for in 2003. via @leahysean . There's Jets West and Rams Midwest . Sam Bradford and Jared Cook are having Rams camp at U of Oklahoma Friday to Sunday with 11 off players . Anyone who missed John Gotti Jr . on 60 Minutes missed the most compelling TV of the weekend   better than anything from Augusta . Raiders LT Donald Penn said there's a small fracture in his knee ,  doesn't need surgery ,  believes he'll be back next week if OAK wins today . Friday Blitz Five trades that should be made before Tuesday's NFL trade deadline ...  Loootttsss of responses to NFL predicitions on ESPN.com . Just remember what William Goldman once said Nobody know anything.At tonight's practice ,  Colts QB Andrew Luck finished 26 of 35 with six touchdowns and no interceptions . Gronkowski family party bus is rolling into Family Feud this weekend ,  according to Rob Gronkowski's brother ,  Chris . Unclear when show airs . And the debate continues RT @shawnemerriman #aintnoway Ben Rothlisberger Deserves 6 games . Bills and Jets head into today's opener without a QB who ever has thrown a pass in an NFL regular season game . Another Tabloid Classic . RT @bustedcoverage this morning's NY Post front page #Yankees  . Put on Sunday NFL Countdown   interesting Michael Crabtree update coming up shortly . Visits begin . RT @ProFootballTalk Mario Manningham visiting 49ers Thursday . Update on newest knee injury for Ravens WR Breshad Perriman He suffered a partially torn ACL in his left knee ...  Former Redskins franchise TE Fred Davis and New England Patriots have reached agreement on a one year deal ,  per source . There certainly are less likely destinations . RT @MichaelCrooks @AdamSchefter I keep picturing LJ going to the bengals for some reason  . RT @NJGiants J Mara  Plax  had all that talent ,  he had a brand new contract ,  he had a brand new baby . It really is an American tragedy.John Elway hopes Monday's trip to the White House goes better than the one in 1989 . RT @jackthejoekr You are kidding about not having heard of James Franco right  ?   ...  I am not . Heard of John Franco ,  not James Franco . With yesterday's trade ,  San Diego now has the 28th and 40th picks five weeks from tonight   not to mention three 3rd round picks in 2011.Lot easier working with Mort than against him . Doesn't sound promising for MJD . RT @jaguarsinsider Maurice Jones Drew and Justin Smiley listed as doubtful ,  Justin Durant is out . Jaguars RB TJ Yeldon will not play today ,  per source . Toby Gerhart and Denard Robinson time . earlier . We're assured of having some type of football this season . RT @espn Madden 12 will emphasize concussions ,  safety    . Statement from Sam Bradford ,  who returned to Eagles todayI'm excited to be back on the field today with my ...  Someone is going to score 45 points in regulation today   and lose . Chargers are giving LB Melvin Ingram a four year ,  66 million deal that includes 42 million guaranteed ,  per team source . More Giants uncertainty while Eagles are signing pending free agents ,  Giants havent had talks with their free ag  . Jets are suspending Sal Alosi for remainder of the 2010 season ,  including any post season games ,  and also have fined Alosi the 25,000.A reinforcement on the way . RT @McClainonNFL Texans have agreed to terms with former Giants and Texans OLB Danny Clark . Bill Belichick Friday pressers truly are first rate . Today he extolled ,  at length ,  virtues of Rob Gronkowski's ...  RT @espnnfcwest Beanie Wells eligible to play again 1125 vs Rams . Misses MIA ,  STL ,  BUF ,  MIN ,  SF ,  GB and ATL games . Plus bye . Texans RB Arian Foster joined Priest Holmes as the only undrafted free agents to lead the NFL in rushing since 1967.Colts LB Robert Mathis announced he will retire following Sunday's game vs . Jacksonville . Heck of a career . In the 4th round ,  Raiders drafted Arkansas QB Tyler Wilson . Lions fear DE Kerry Hyder tore his Achilles ,  per source . More tests Monday . Great gesture from Bay Area sports teams ,  uniting to donate 450,000 to fire relief efforts  . With much of Sunday NFL Countdown dedicated to Al Davis ,  would expect it to be a history lesson as much as a preview of today's games . RT @jesslbaker Ozarks Red Cross needs donations for Joplin . 49ers placed QB Colin Kaepernick on Injured Reserve List ,  and promoted QB Dylan Thompson to active roster from teams practice squad . There's optimism that Aaron Rodgers will be able to play Sunday vs . Miami and pessimism that Clay Matthews will be able to do the same . Jaguars have signed former Falcons DE Malliciah Goodman . Buffalo agreed to terms with its first round pick Stephen Gilmore . Former Patriots LB Brandon Spikes signed a one year ,  3.25M deal with Buffalo ,  per source . Spikes' agreement first reported by @johnwawrow . Two teams offered DE Michael Bennett more money but he opted to re sign with SEA for 4 years ,  28.5 million ,  including 10 million in 2014.All signs in place for Titans QB Marcus Mariota to play tonight . It was before ,  and it is now Josh McDaniels will be the Broncos coach in 2011 ,  Thomas George reported .  Browns are releasing safety Donte Whitner . Giants WR Victor Cruz returns to practice today . Get ready ,  Buffalo . RT @JosinaAnderson LB Andra Davis told me that he has a visit with the Buffalo Bills on Mon & Tues . This sums up NFL Live segment on Odell Beckham Jr. Not a good start in Baltimore . RT @duffstar Ravens CB Walt Harris and rookie DT Terrence Cody didn't pass conditioning test . More details RT @mortreport Tony Romo diagnosed with herniated disc . Surgery necessary ,  per sources . Raiders' GM Reggie McKenzie comes from Ron Wolf tree Draft and develop backup QBs that turn into trade currency   Brunell and Hasselbeck . 2017 draft Cleveland now has Philadelphia's 1st round pick ,  Tennessees 2nd round pick ,  New Englands 5th round pick . Former Bucs RB Derrick Ward will wind up signing with the Texans . Nice little late pickup . And now the Browns also have released QB Jason Campbell . So Campbell and Brandon Weeden both sent packing on same day . RT @HBalzer721 One WR Giants worked out Tuesday is former Ram and Eagle Kevin Curtis . He had surgery for testicular cancer in September . He didn't . Green Bay had an alternative . The guy whose great in Jeopardy ...  There is ham in Shayne Graham ,  who now has 3 field goals in a game the Bengals lead by three . But no TDs yet for our friend @ogochocinco . My sense  ?  Not very . RT @jephunk @adamschefter How close is Anthony Gonzalez to returning  ?  Top 4 prospects ,  via @McShay131  OSU DE Joey Bosa2  OLE MISS DT Robert Nkemdiche3  FSU CB Jalen Ramsey4  FLA CB Vernon Hargreaves III . A little levity ...  RT @TJLang70 Since everybody else is saying it ,  I might as well join .  I am the best corner in the NFL . In Broncos team meeting Saturday night ,  Peyton Manning and DeMarcus Ware got choked up . Both were very emotional ...  Browns are giving former Texans RB Ben Tate a two year deal worth up to 7 million ,  per source . Princeton hired Bengals assistant coach Bob Surace as head coach ,  though he will continue with team through end of season . Dolphins plan to start rookie quarterback Ryan Tannehill vs . Panthers tonight . Any reporter that wants to complain about the conditions in North Texas needs to watch the conditions for @AndersonCooper in Egypt . #respect . If Denver beats San Diego ,  Broncos now will be AFC's No . 1 seed . RT @Fredriguez So Where does this leave Pitt ,  in WR core  ?   ...  In need of one on draft weekend . Steelers will draft one early ,  by rd 3.Gen . Stanley McChrystal was head of Special Operations command in Afghanistan when Army Ranger Pat Tillman was killed by friendly fire . Seahawks have signed running back Vai Taua and released defensive tackle Kentwan Balmer ,  a former 1st round pick for SF . Since Bears cut CB Nathan Vasher ,  the team that has expressed the most interest is San Diego . Chargers DC Ron Rivera knows Vasher well . Raiders' QB Derek Carr speaks out ...  Recently added Tony Kornheiser's book to The High Rent District area on my bookshelf . Patriots placed WR Brandon LaFell on the ReserveP.U.P . list . One week from tonight ,  NFL Draft on ESPN . Time to honor Mr . Chicago with this avatar ...  Steelers did not and will not file a complaint to NFL about headset communication last night ,  per team official . QB Sam Bradford will wind up signing right around the day the Rams report to training camp ,  @HermEdwardsESPN . Watch . RT @MMDubs if fast willie signs with the Rams hope he doesn't mind changing his number . we already have a pretty good #39 . Stanford HC Jim Harbaugh about to be interviewed on Monday Night Countdown ,  addressing Notre Dame's rumored interest in him . QB Bryce Petty now scheduled to start Jets' final four games this season . RT @jcashen87 I think it is between Stanford and SF .  ...  I don't see 49ers as viable alternative at this time . Dolphins trade up in 4th round to draft Miami RB Lamar Miller ,  a talented back off some teams' boards due to concerns with his knee . RT @espnnfl    Indianapolis Colts president Bill Polian says 18 game NFL season is done deal  . While veteran kicker Jason Hanson recovers from a right leg injury ,  the Lions signed kicker Billy Cundiff to take over . Cundiff accurate K . MRI showed Cardinals RB David Johnson suffered an MCL sprain ,  will be sidelined six weeks ,  but no surgery ,  per source . Adams was rushed to emergency room at a South Carolina hospital this morning . Autopsy planned for today . Adams was 26. RIP . A personal tradition RT @wingoz The winner  ?  @AdamSchefter.The category  ?  First holiday card to arrive . Glad to have you on our team Schef . NFL free agency officially starts one month from today . Confirmed Jury just gave verdict . Brandon Marshall acquitted . Big day for Brandon and Broncos and attorney Harvey Steinberg . rolls . Even though Lions say RB Ameer Abdullah has a foot injury ,  he was spotted postgame in a walking boot with a noticeable limp . If Jacksonville is going to trade players in last year of their deal for picks ,  might as well get what it can for RB Maurice Jones Drew . The details of NFL's newest rule change ...  ICYMI Mel Kiper Jr . and @McShay13 look ahead to their off season and the 2018 draft.LISTEN  . Steelers' RB DeAngelo Williams is visiting noted foot specialist Dr . Robert Anderson in Charlotte today ,  per @JimTrotterNFL . Browns HC Rob Chudzinski targeting SD's John Pagano as his defensive coordinator . KC also did ,  but Chargers wouldn't let him out of deal yet . But Packers do not want to make any determination until Aaron Rodgers undergoes more testing today . One of the best nights of the year the ESPN ,  16 team ,  PPR ,  War Room League fantasy draft . Thus the new avatar ... 20th anniversary of Desmond Howards memorable play in the Notre Dame Michigan series .  Official release on Rob Gronkowski being suspended for next Monday nights game vs . the Miami Dolphins  . More Jim Schwartz from Weds post practice Whether  Calvin  gets back on practice field or not ,  determination may not come until Sunday.Broncos announced they agreed to terms with P Britton Colquitt on a three year extension through 2016 season . With Mike Shanahan shooting down talk of any Albert Haynesworth trade ,  it sounds like the first quiet Sunday night since late March . Giants HC Ben McAdoo said CB Dominique Rodgers Cromartie came in today ,  left and now team will suspend him . NFL owners are holding Dec . 13 session to deal with Roger Goodells impending contract extension ...  Raiders DE Richard Seymour got franchise tag today   confirmed . Titans TE Bo Scaife signed his one year guaranteed tender for 4,908,200.RT @timothycarl And averaged 31.6 yards per . First training camp I'll be visiting   and this was scheduled pre T.O .   is the Bengals on Friday . Hmmm . Wonder what the topic will be . RT @EricStangel You know things are messed up when USC cuts ties with Reggie Bush ,  but they're still all good with OJ Simpson . MRI showed Le'Veon Bell badly tore his MCL ,  as @steelersdepot reported . Bell will be re evaluated Monday ,  but season ending IR likely . Titans will sign free agent DE Jason Babin to one year ,  1 million offer sheet that Eagles will have one week to match . RT @HoustonTexans Kubiak Andre  Johnson  was fine  today . He took all his reps with the team ... All systems should be go this weekend.RT @torressports In your opinion ,  who is the best Michigan football player of all time  ?   ...  A Tom   Harmon or Brady . As if they needed the help ,  Eagles now have two 2s ,  two 4s ,  two 5s and two 6s in 2012 draft . Talk about a well run organization . A prosecution request to remove the judge handling the felony child abuse case against Minnesota Vikings RB Adrian Peterson has been denied . Titans told safety Myron Rolle they plan to release him . Days . So Doug Marrone leaves Buffalo with 4 million ,  and chance to more than double that with whichever team he lands . After being boxed out in round 1 on Paxton Lynch and round 4 on Connor Cook ,  Cowboys draft MSU QB Dak Prescott in 4th round ,  135th overall . Cardinals and TE Jermaine Gresham have reached agreement on a four year deal ,  per sources . One TE off the market . Seattle's former 1st round pick Bruce Irvin has suspended without pay for violating NFL policy on performance enhancing drugs . These QB's were a lot less busy at last year's Super Bowl . WR Derrick Mason's new deal in Baltimore 2 years ,  8 million ,   including 3.5 million in the first year . To follow up on the Bears' expected extension with Kyle Long ,  @rapsheet reports it will be for 4 years ,  40M with 30M guaranteed . NFL actively looking into circumstances surrounding Aqib Talib being shot this weekend ,  per an NFL official ...  Darrelle Revis under investigation for South Side altercation ...  Cardinals RB David Johnson has not progressed from his wrist injury as Arizona hoped and is not expected to return  . Eee RT @PFFNeil Dolphins missed out twice . In 2001 with Surtain and Madison on roster they selected Jamar Fletcher 6 picks before Brees . Texans TEs C.J . Fiedorowicz ,  Ryan Griffin ,  Stephen Anderson out tonight with concussions . Texans only TE is Evan Baylis ,  signed off PS Weds . Actually thought of that ...  RT @TheNickCamia @AdamSchefter Jinxed Gore  !  WR Jeremy Maclin  shoulderhamstring  and QB Michael Vick  ribs  downgraded to out for Sunday nights game vs . Giants . One more CB off the market Ravens reached agreement with cornerback Chris Carr on a four year deal . Knew we wouldn't make it two straight nights of uninterrupted sleep . Older child up with ear ache ,  and one dog dryheaving . Fun  !  Tonight's friendliesMia at Atl ,  7 pmBuf at Car ,  730 pm.TB at JAX ,  730 pm.Phil at Chic ,  8 pm.Oak at Minn ,  8 pm.NO at STL ,  8 pm . Though the league is undecided between LA and Chicago ,  next years NFL Draft is now set for April 30 May 2 ,  per league sources . 49ers president Jed York interviewed former NFL executive Michael Lombardi for two hours late Tuesday night about SF's vacant GM job . Ravens HC John Harbaugh said TE Dennis Pitta underwent hip surgery and is out for season . Brady Quinn once traded for Peyton Hillis . And both now on same Chiefs team . RT @DCFanaticRadio..@AdamSchefter ... Forget Favre and T.O .   This is a better story    . Appeals officer Derrick Brooks heard Bengals S George Ilokas appeal of his one game suspension and is expected to  . New deal is an eight year term covering 2012 2019 seasons . Labor peace with referees and players . Hallelujah . Sione Pouha reached agreement with Jets on a new 3 year deal . Raiders and Charles Woodson have agreed to a one year deal ,  as @JayGlazer reported . NFL fined Steelers safety Mike Mitchell 48,620 for his late hit on Chiefs QB Alex Smith ,  per source . He is appealing . RT @rckstrdrummer with tennessee signing Witherspoon you think Bulluck is out of Tennessee  ?   ...  His already slim chances dropped even more . RT @helms83 Any news on Forte  ?  Haven't heard anything but read a rumor about Pats  ?   ...  Bad rumor . He's not going to NE . Bears signed K Mike Nugent and placed K Cairo Santos on IR . Michael Gans ,  8th Circuit Court Clerk in St . Louis ,  said not to expect any ruling on stay today and not to expect any ruling before Monday . Patriots list WR Danny Amendola as doubtful and TE Rob Gronkowski as questionable . Attention Matt Leinart Making it official ,  QB Derek Anderson has reached agreement with Arizona on a two year ,  7.25 million deal . Keep in mind ,  sides still not close on terms . But if NFLPA decertifies ,  it sets some wheels in motion that are bad for both sides . Turns out Jerry and Stephen Jones flew to New York to spend 5 hours Tuesday night meeting with Roc Nation officials . Deal put in place then . RT @JeffDarlington For two players   LB Karlos Dansby and WR Brandon Marshall   Dolphins spent 93 million  46 guaranteed  for 5 years . RT @soulbrotherdre Will the Raiders make the playoffs  ?   ...  Reggie McKenzie and Dennis Allen will get there . But tough to do this year . Great idea . RT @shalisemyoung A Patriots fact it is written in every player's contract that he must do 10 charitable appearances per year . RT @chrissydahitman What's the word on Mike Wallace  ?   ...  Unless there's an unexpected move no one sees coming ,  he'll be back in Pittsburgh . Giants WR Mario Manningham hurt his shoulder at the end of Thursday's practice and is now questionable for Sunday . Bills Patriots ,  Monday Night ... Eagles announced DE Darryl Tapp is in Philadelphia tonight with his wife Tiffany . They are awaiting the birth of the couples first child . New England's second round pick ,  TE Rob Gronkowski ,  just signed with Patriots in time for the start of their rookie camp . RT @Fritosandbolts Why isn't anyone giving the #49ers a chance on sat . ?   ...  I am  but that could be the kiss of death .Top 10 ,  not top 5   if he's healthy RT @shaunshaikh What is the opinion of M.Schaub around the leaguemedia  ?  Is he considered a top 5 qb  ?  Other than keeping LeBron ,  there are few things that could make Cleveland any happier . Browns just won their equivalent of a playoff game . This is the sense around the league . RT @Edwerderespn Drew Brees' contract likely coming near July 16 deadline . This one takes my breath away lost a great man and columnist . RIP ,  Bryan Burwell . With salary and termination pay from TB and 3 million more from MINN ,  Josh Freeman will make 11.43 million this year ,  via @brianmcintyre . RT @GossipCop BREAKING BREAKING   Brittany Murphy reportedly dead    . FWIW League sent memo to teams last night ,  advising them to be prepared to stay overnight during next Tuesday's NFL meetings in Chicago . Crabtree recently left Bay Area ,  where he trained all summer . The fact that he left is a clear statement on the progress   or lack of it . Chargers placed RB Danny Woodhead on IR with a broken fibula  autocorrect not always correct .Earlier today on ESPN radio in Denver ,  Broncos CB Champ Bailey said there was no friggin way Charles Woodson would pick OAK . Well ... The most accurate prediction for Super Bowl XLVI weekend Americans are projected to eat 1.25 billion chicken wings . How many will you have  ?  Emmitt Smith talks with @lynamup5 about his new book ,  football and his new business ventures  via @ESPNFrontRow     . Josh Gordon visited Cleveland last Thursday and Friday . Cleveland liked what it saw . Looks like Browns only team to put in 2nd round claim . Just as likely as 3 team trade RT @No1BroncosFan Oh and Coach Ditka to replace McD as HC .  Elway come on as GM too . Shanny back as CFO . Texans HC Gary Kubiak on Andre Johnson's status Andre is not where he needs to be right now ,  . At various points ,  the Raiders expected a deal would get done . It never did . And now the Raiders are back to JaMarcus and Gradkowski . A trade deadline unlike any other . Green Bay's Letroy Guion  suspended first three games for violating the NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . RT @HappyGilmore hey ,  if I saw myself with a haircut like yours ,  I'd have to kick my own  butt   . Titans announced that GM Ruston Webster will not return ,  while interim HC Mike Mularkey will interview for the permanent job . Jacksonville signed former Redskins ,  Bills and Seahawks LB Alvin Bowen and placed LB Freddy Keiaho on injured reserve . Of these four ,  which two will be left on the book shelf Sunday night  ?  Merry Christmas ,  Twitterverse  !  Some info on Peyton Manning ,  Brett Favre ,  Brian Dawkins ,  Chris Johnson and Andre Johnson .  Falcons' official announcement on hiring of new OC Steve Sarkisian  . Jets first round pick Kyle Wilson signed a five year ,  13 million max value deal that  includes 7.12 million guaranteed . RT @bnealll Adam what's going to happen with Andre and cortland  ?  It's important for fantasy purposes  !   ...  League meeting this am to discuss . After meeting with Jets today ,  Broncos fee agent CB Dominique Rodgers Cromartie will be visiting with Giants on Sunday . Big day today   NFL supplemental draft today  and no ,  it's not on TV . Also shooting ESPN football commercials for this season   no spinoff . It's election day ... Steelers placed punter Daniel Sepulveda on injured reserve with a right knee injury and re signed punter Jeremy Kapinos . New Browns WR Davone Bess signed 3 yr contract extension with Cleveland ,  just as new Jets RB Chris Ivory signed 3 yr extension with NY . RT @ThrillHillRant Any word on Romo long term deal  ?   ...  Cowboys will get there . But right now ,  they have less than 150k cap space . Packers CB Sam Shields faces two drug related charges . Broncos close to an agreement with Jacksonville free agent DT Terrance Knighton ,  who wants to reunite with Denver DC Jack Del Rio . 49ers today announced they have re signed WR Ted Ginn Jr . to a one year contract . RT @MTruitt36 When will free agency begin  ?   ...  Depends on this week ,  but July 25 is looking like a reasonable date . RT @CaseMcCoy6 Want to apologize for my tweet last night . It was definitely uncalled for and not at all what i  ...  Brett Favre is great TV . Monday night's game ranked as ESPN's most viewed NFL preseason game ever and its highest rated since Aug of 1996.So what happens tonight shouldn't be all that different than what went on in Indianapolis . Lots of talk ,  no deals allowed . huh  ?  RT @CMonManESPN First Monday Night Countdown of season ,  tomorrow at 7et leading into Panthers Ravens ,  will feature C'Mon Man  !  of offseason . Hey @sportsguy33. Albert Pujlos  ...  Anaheim . 49ers plan to place their franchise tag on safety Dashon Goldson today . round . Flew to Orlando . On plane ,  read a ton about Robin Williams . Wish he could have heard and read all the wonderful words people had for him . Steelers have given center Justin Hartwig permission to speak with other teams about a trade . And this year's Mr . Irrelevant ,  going to Indianapolis ,  is ... South Carolina TE Justin Cunningham . A match that would make sense on many levels Washington WR John Ross is visiting the Ravens today . RT @OmarKelly Dolphins G Richie Incognito told 790AM's Jorge Sedano that Jake Long is going to be ready to go ,  vs Bills . A tough guy.Chiefs placed RB Kolby Smith on injured reserve and  promoted RB Javarris Williams to the 53 man roster from the practice squad . RT @evansilva Todd McShay on Von Miller He's been one of the ,  if not the ,  best player  in Mobile  this week.tweeted . Today is the official start of the end of Eli Mannings time with the Giants . Oakland has emerged as leader in Donovan McNabb sweepstakes . Doesn't mean another team couldn't get deal done ,  but Raiders are team to beat . Two years after #Haiti quake ,  the number of orphans has doubled . Please help through #AidStillRequired . Denver Post is correct . Peyton Manning is en route to Denver to visit the Broncos . First visit does not mean Denver is leader in clubhouse . Concerns about field at Raymond James Stadium . Field for last night's UCONNUSF game was soft with divots . Could impact Falcons Bucs . Former Bengals LB brandon Johnson visiting Steelers today . JJ Watt press conference says he'll have surgery on his groin Tuesday has been dealing with it for 6 7 weeks . In non football news ,  LaMarr Woodley will be appearing on @SouthPark . His cartoon will ,  at least . RT @LaMarrWoodley  . Redskins WR DeSean Jackson wants to play ,  is going to test it in pregame ,  but his shoulder is an issue . Michael's memorial service is shaping up to be every bit as big as Barack's inauguration . Maybe bigger . Just wondering Have more people backed out of the Pro Bowl or the Bears offensive coordinator search  ?  49ers signed K Shane Andrus to a one year contract . Scary and disconcerting Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger now has suffered at least four concussions during his NFL career ,  the latest today . Tests confirmed Falcons OT Sam Baker ruptured right patella tendon ,  and will be lost for season . Last year he ruptured left patella tendon . For my first night on air at ESPN ,  I'm contemplating going with this new look ...  Colts claimed their former RB Dan Herron on waivers from Buffalo and released RB Zurlon Tipton . Victor Cruz on his return to game action 'It felt like old times' . LaDainian Tomlinson ,  already nursing a knee injury ,  suffered a setback during practice Tuesday Jets not optimistic he will play Thursday . ESPN's NFL Insiders discuss Gronkowski's back surgery ,  Mike Zimmer's eye surgery ,  and preview TNF . Just wondering How come Kim Kardashian didn't get the heat for dating her beau that Jessica Simpson did for dating hers  ?  I have no life ... Jermichael Finley to file claim on 10 million insurance policy . Texans CB Kevin Johnson suffered a sprained MCL and is expected to miss four to six weeks ,  pending further testing ,  per source . Former USC RB Reggie Bush I have made the difficult decision to forfeit my title as Heisman winner of 2005. Full statement at ESPN.comHart is not subject to waivers . He now can sign with any team he wants . ESPN.coms Elizabeth Merrill on the replacement players of 1987. Nice read .   Pats RB Kevin Faulk will be placed on injured reserve today . If this is the end for the 12 year veteran ,  what a standout career . All the details . RT @espn Filming San Francisco 49ers cost Denver Broncos ,  coach Josh McDaniels 100,000    . Two more teams to the 'No To Vick' List..RT @ jcuff The Giants and Jets have said they aren't interested in Vick either  . Springtime is such a great time to be outside . Now fans can be outside all day ,  come in at night ,  and not miss any picks . That's a touchdown . Multiple teams have called Eagles to inquire about their three QBs . The conversation ,  and speculation ,  will heat up in early March . Not sure exactly how this happened ,  but over the past 10 days ,  the Houston Texans have morphed into a huge headline making machine . Releasing QB Kyle Orton adds 1.1275M in dead money to Cowboys' 2014 cap and 2.255M  Cowboys' 2015 cap ,  as @spotrac alluded . Some interesting comments in @jasonjwilde's Twitter timeline on how Brett Favre brought together the Packers' braintrust . Still in car ... still ... what I wouldn't give to get to a urinal . Bills QB E.J . Manuel is scheduled to undergo an MRI on his right knee today . Dolphins QB Chad Henne will undergo shoulder surgery and miss the rest of the 2011 season . Patriots get OT Marcus Cannon ,  a projected second  or third round pick ,  in round five . RT @sportsguy33 RIP Lorenzen Wright . 4 '96 Clippers passed away  Sealy ,  Wright ,  B . Williams ,  Duckworth   a 5th is quadraplegic  R . Rogers  . Please don't forget a special one hour Saturday edition of NFL Countdown ,  11 am ET ,  as a primer for today's Divisional Playoffs . On this day ,  we think of those that lost loved one and the lives that never were the same . If only I had seen the white board ...  RT @umichbball It's getting closer ...  #40minutes  . Consistency Bill Belichick has made 20 draft day trades moving up ,  22 draft day trades moving down ,  21 draft day t  . Word is Odell Beckham looks good at practice today No brace or tape on ankle ,  warmed up with team ,  then worked on side . But looked good . Sam Farmer spells out why all hope is not lost for me to make it in the NFL . Looks like Tampa Bay found a new RB . LeGarrett Blount today   22 carries ,  120 yards ,  two touchdowns . @MatthewBerryTMR has to ne miserable . Former Packers TE Martellus Bennett claimed on waivers by the New England Patriots ,  per source . Bucs have re signed LB Matt McCoy and promoted CB Derrick Roberson to active roster and have placed S Will Allen and LB Rod Wilson on IR . Friday Blitz A.J . Green vs . Julio Jones ,  plus who is Allen Hurns.Browns center Alex Mack suffered a broken fibula today that likely is a season ending injury ,  per sources via me and @PatMcManamon . Jim Harbaugh and Niners still meeting as of this tweet . The more I hear ,  the more I think it might be a while before we see Michael Crabtree in Niners camp . Want to thank @tthasselbeck for being as easy on me as he was the defenses he went against . RIP ,  George Steinbrenner . Bob Sheppard already is there to announce your arrival . Joey Bosa out today ,  then week to week with Grade 1 strained hamstring still hasnt practiced in pads ,  so could be a bit before he plays . Ifwhen Brady plays entirety of new deal ,  hed become 4th player in NFL to play 20 or more seasons with same team  Slater ,  Green ,  Hanson .Uh oh . RT @MikeReiss Little bit of a scare here at Patrios practice as Tom Brady stayed down after incomplete pass . Was holding left knee . Before rallying in the second half ,  the Bears win probability dipped to 5.2 percent. How about this Former Jets GM Mike Tannenbaum and Darrelle Revis' agent @schwartzfeinsod spending time in NO . Cowboys announced Tony Romo has a broken bone in his back . AFC wildcards now locked in Colts will be AFC's No . 5 seed ,  Bengals will be No . 6 seed . Questions are AFC's 1 4 seeds . Wide open . Buffalo just sent out this press release BILLS SIGN RB MENDENHALL But it's RB Walter Mendenhall ,  not Rashard . Buccaneers HC Raheem Morris We're the best team in the NFC . Yeah ,  I said it . We're the best team in the NFC.The new Twitter avatar for @ochocinco is like a man bowing down to the  NFL  Pope . Thanks @bihtutty @InsidedaGates @stu108 @MacWilliams @xBeantownBabyx @NECHOWDER @noahrienks @tripprogers @martianman68 @pg99 @sullivancm . Broncos have tentatively scheduled a press conference for Tuesday at 3 p.m ET in the team meeting room of the clubs training facility . Even after signing Eric Berry on Tuesday ,  Chiefs still not expected to use franchise tag today on jumpshooter Dontari Poe ,  per sources . Raiders anticipating that QB Derek Carr will be able to return Sunday vs . Chargers . Robert Griffin III got a surprise unannounced visit this week from Redskins HC Mike Shanahan ,  who spent two days at the rehab facility . Jets and free agent QB Ryan Fitzpatrick are nowhere close to an agreement ,  with no deal expected anytime soon ,  per sources . Steelers reached agreement on a three year contract with G Ramon Foster . Add Arizona to teams interested in former Browns LB DQwell Jackson . Cards contacted Jackson's agent ,  are trying to line up visit next week . Bears' Brandon Marshall gave keynote address at National Alliance on Mental Illness convention . Good luck to @BTstuff on his new book ,  When Shea Was Home about the 1975 Mets ,  Yanks ,  Giants & Jets . Rams will apply to NFL for a waiver on the rule that says a stadium cannot host a Super Bowl in its inaugural season at NFL's discretion . Let's hope this is the answer from @ClaudeHRaines@AdamSchefter Not ur new computer . It's a Twitter glitch . RT @Dustmayne wait don't tell me he only has 1 brother & 1 sister  ...  Nope . He's the youngest of seven . He has one brother ,  five sisters . MRI confirmed Jamaal Charles tore his ACL ,  per source . Dolphins team plane backed into another plane ,  damaging the wing of the Dolphins' plane . The entire team   about 70 pl  . Friday 10 Spot How Seattle nearly missed out on QB Russell Wilson .  Former Steelers K Jeff Reed could have kicked for Bengals or Niners today he opted to take some time off ,  wait ,  then see his options . Anyone else notice how much Rams' HC Sean McVay and Carson Wentz look alike  ?  Tony Romo   fractured left clavicle . Romo and Brett Favre hurt 24 hours apart . Not that there was a doubt ,  but Roger Goodell contract extension 'getting done' ,  per source.Vikings have claimed former Browns RB Ben Tate ,  per @FieldYates . Broncos claimed former Ravens' RB Justin Forsett on waivers today ,  per source . Broncos' HC Gary Kubiak and Forsett reunited again . So the Giants now have signed S Antrel Rolle and S Deon Grant . Safe to say they have some questions about S Kenny Phillips . Cardinals new theme song for the upcoming season . RT @MajorBDog Great ,  now I'm going to be singing B B B Beanie and the Jets !  all day . WR Mike Williams becomes seventh Williams on Bills' roster joining S Aaron ,  G Chris ,  S Duke ,  DE Kyle ,  DE Mario ,  LB Nathan . And now WR Mike . Patriots' WR Julian Edelman and OT Sebastian Volmer both on track to return in time for NE's Divisional Playoff game ,  per sources . Thursday Blitz The great rookie WR Class of 2014 ... NFLPA filed expedited grievance vs NFL to challenge NFLs adoption of new Personal Conduct Policy. NFLPA seeking cease and desist order . Last unsigned 1st rd pick ,  Chance Warmack ,  reached agreement with the Titans on 4 year ,  12,166,646 fully guaranteed deal   includes offset . RT @grundy208 When is Gaither going to be announced as a Bill  ?  Have the talks died down  ?   ...  Definitely died down . Not dead but not active . If Colts finished with No . 2   not No . 1   pick ,  maybe could have kept Peyton and gotten same package Rams did . One spot changed everything . Peyton Manning cleared after investigation both Mannings cooperated fully investigation into other players named continues ,  per sources . The initial report of Sitton deal  . Little elves that I feed granola bits RT @sirrocobama @AdamSchefter do u ever sleep  ?  Or do u have a team of twitterers that work for u  ?  The best Colts source there is . RT @JimIrsay Bob Sanders to go on I.R . soon ... we need the roster spot with so many injuries . Vikings OC Bill Musgrave ,  asked if he had any doubt whether Adrian Peterson would be ready to play Sunday No ,  not too much doubt.Top CFL prospect Eric Rogers ,  a 6 foot 4 ,  215 lb WR ,  visited Chargers yesterday and visiting Eagles on Friday ,  per source . 14 visits in all . Patriots used 4th round picks on DE Trey Flowers and G Tre Jackson . Based on their pattern ,  Patriots could opt for Trey Wingo next . Cover of official program for today's Pro Bowl ,  via @gamedayhq . Filed to ESPN Lions wasted no time getting on the board . Free agent WR Nate Burleson reached agreement with Detroit on a five year deal . Jets claimed four players WR Kalif Raymond ,  LB Edmond Robinson ,  WR Damore'ea Stringfellow ,  TE Will Tye . RT @RaiderB4 @AdamSchefter any chance Palmer gets cut  ?  % ?  Answer for my birthday present .  ...  Don't think so . 9.76 percent . Delaware North ,  food vendor for the Seahawks ,  has created Beast Burger to sell at Saturday game vs . Saints . Served with side of Skittles . 49ers are giving general manager Scot McCloughan an extended leave of absence while he tends to personal issues . Kudos . And Buffalo fans should hang in there hunch is ,  RB C.J . Spiller won't be in camp for a little while . RT @MrIrrelevant14 When is deadline for Otah to pass physical for trade to go thru  ?   ...  Tuesday . Was told it's 50 50 whether he'll pass . FWIW Ron Jaworski believes Cardinals QB Logan Thomas was most impressive rookie QB in week 1. Said he played like a Pro Bowl player . Interesting that Browns exec . Mike Holmgren outbid his former team ,  the Seattle Seahawks ,  for the services of TE Benjiman Watson . Bills naming Russ Brandon presidentCEO with full authority . GM Buddy Nix is staying ,  with team transitioning Doug Whaley to GM at some pt . Panthers running back Jonathan Stewart is expected to play today . True factoid What was Minnesota Avenue in Green Bay was officially renamed this week Aaron Rodgers Drive.One day after being released from jail ,  Chad Johnson is on Good Morning America with Robin Roberts this morning . RT @DrewLitton For a fun look back at the year in so sports cartoons check out  Drew's Review at  . Sorry Walter ,  Barry ,  RBs LeGarrette Blount became 1st player in NFL history to rush for at least 125 yds and four TDs in a postseason game . Bills free agent CB Stephon Gilmore expects to sign with New England barring any final snags ,  per sources . Three of Peyton Manning's next four games are against NFL's current top three ranked defenses Houston ,  Pats ,  Chargers . And more thank yous for more donations to @RainSeeds ,  @WAD1980 and @gregorystephans . Please donate at  . Nobody could correctly predict an exact schedule  other than schedule makers  and nobody can predict a 1st round mock draft . Ever . On trade deadline day ,  Randy Moss remembers his trade to Patriots 'I was hyped' . Fisher was entering last year of contract . He wasn't going to sign an extension ,  Tennessee wasn't going to offer him one . Thus ,  divorce . Bills and former Cardinals QB Kevin Kolb finalizing a deal tonight that will give Buffalo one more starting caliber QB . Tom Brady will be replaced in the Pro Bowl by Andy Dalton . RT @GAtallah NFLPA will cover any fine levied on @OGOchoCinco imposed by league and match it with a gift to our Chris Henry memorial fund . Tune in to ESPN ...  RT @gregaiello 2013 regular season schedule will be announced at 8 pm ET on Thursday  April 18 .Deadline for Chargers to trade Joey Bosa's draft rights has come and gone . SD never considered it . Two sides now haven't spoken in 12 days . I'm going to guess New York and New Orleans would sign up for this yesterday RT @WraySFIrvine @AdamSchefter   Jets vs . Saints Super Bowl  ?  Jets Brandon Marshall says Ryan Fitzpatrick has stopped responding to texts Its scaring me ...  Bruce Arians said Cardinals will consider resigning RB Chris Johnson . After tonight ,  Colts owner Jim Irsay's 6 game suspension will end and he will be allowed to return to work Friday ,  per league official . Kirk Cousins ended the regular season with three straight 3 Passing TD games . #ad  . Never imagined writing this ,  but Lions Browns was one of the most entertaining and improbable games of the season . Incredible ending . On this day ,  if you're fortunate enough to spend it as a dad or with your dad ,  you are blessed . Happy Father's Day . And the fun begins . RT @ProFootballTalk After reading those statements ,  I'm not going to be surprised if  Ben R  gets suspended for eight games or more . Happens every year RT @jagsfan415 sign that you can never predict the NFL . if season were to end today there would be 7 new playoff teams . Ndamukong Suh's appeal hearing will take place tomorrow at 3 p.m . ET.Art Shell will be the appeals officer . RT @Billsfan99 Could a McNeil to Buffalo trade go down  ?   ...  Makes sense . But between two franchises that don't make many trades  ?  Doubt it . Falcons say WR Roddy White will start today . Dallas reached agreement with former Bengals G Nate Livings on a 5 year ,  19 million contract that includes 6.2 million guaranteed . RT @JillLieberSteeg Is there any possible way Matt Cassell plays Sunday against Chargers  ?   ...  Anything's possible ,  but it's hard to imagine . RT @ReeveFoundation Thank you @AdamSchefter for your upcoming support  !  bit.lyreevefdn  ...  Thank you . Hope more join in . Packers activated S Sean Richardson and DE Jerel Worthy from PUP and placed CB Casey Hayward and CB James Nixon on injured reserve . Refunds will be given to all original ticket holders of Monday night's gamee . General admission tickets to the game will be free . After not practicing Saturday ,  Texans WR Will Fuller active tonight . Will be interesting how much work he gets . The elevator knockout punch from Ray Rice is beyond disturbing and stomach turning.Now official in Baltimore  . Meeting between Titans and Chris Johnson will not produce a deal today ,  but it will give the two sides a chance to communicate face to face . Bengals HC Marvin Lewis confirmed that WR Jordan Shipley tore his ACL and is out for the season . Just imagine when New England gets back Tom Brady ,  Rob Gronkowski ,  Dion ,  Lewis ,  Nate Solder and Ro Ninkovich . Bengals are giving S George Iloka a 5 year ,  30 million deal that includes 18M over first 3 three years . One to chart and follow Lions signed Norwegian kicker Hvard Rugland today to a one year contract . Best wishes to Nelson Mandela on his 95th birthday . Bills WR Stevie Johnson is active . Dolphins weren't only AFC East team today to cut a former second round pick . Bills cut WR James Hardy ,  another former second rounder . Thanks to @bradfordwatts @kb45 @snuggliscious @BNevs287 @DaveMost @soFNcute @EFnews @Blushing @csamaru @JTMONEY1967 @Steiny31 @tjapple . Broncos DL Ryan McBean was fined 5,000 for unnecessary roughness   specifically ,  he grabbed David Garrard by the facemask . Good morning Redskins signed Robert Griffin III . More veteran running back news filed to ESPN Steelers free agent RB Willie Parker is scheduled Monday to visit the Redskins . Best wishes to Bryant Gumbel . Doctors took a malignant tumor from his chest and part of his lung ,  but it is not lung cancer . Best to him . One reason KC took Auburn DE Dee Ford Tamba Hali weighed in at 284 pounds last Friday ,  20 pounds over his optimal playing weight . Visanthe Shiancoe visited with the seahawks today . RT @bigCasu will we see you bright and early in Spartanburg  ?   ...  About to pull in after your usual 500 plus mile Friday night drive . Here's a question that hasn't been asked in over 100 years Can the Cubs repeat  ?  Raiders gave former Jets VP of college scouting Joey Clinkscales the title of Director of Personnel ,  overseeing pro and college operations . Falcons WR Julio Jones and S William Moore are officially out . A full group of players ,  union lawyers ,  Roger Goodell ,  John Mara ,  NFL staff scheduled to meet tonight with federal mediator George Cohen . Was about to get this for my wife ,  but was smart enough to call an audible at last minute ...  Jets waivedinjured WR Shaq Evans with a labral tear in his right shoulder ,  per team official . After drafting Josh Dobbs last weekend ,  Steelers now have released Zach Mettenberger . Raiders officially have filed relocation papers to move to Las Vegas ,  as @SteveSisolak said . Heading into Sunday ,  Packers have won 23 straight home games vs . Lions ,  longest home win streak of one team over another in NFL history . Raiders and Oakland Alameda County Coliseum agreed to a 1 year lease extension for Raiders to play at  . Since 1999 ,  the Browns have paid or will pay over 100 million in dead money to fired executives and coaches . Cardinals WR Larry Fitzgerald suffered a concussion trying to recover onsides kick in the fourth quarter of Arizona's OT win over Tennessee . Will it be Patriots vs ,  49ers  ?  Patriots vs . Seahawks  ?  Broncos vs . 49ers  ?  Or Broncos vs . Seahawks  ?  Adding depth to its secondary ,  San Francisco signed free agent CB Karl Paymah to a one year deal . Jaguars have penchant for claiming former Patriots on waivers . Did it again today . Claimed QB Mike Kafka . Filed to ESPN Tampa Bay traded defensive end Gaines Adams to the Chicago Bears for a 2010 draft pick thought to be a second round pick . Not sure on where Tim Tebow goes ,  but it sounds like some team is going to be willing to trade into the 20s to get him . #nfldraft . These 30 30 shows on ESPN   this one on right now is about Iverson   are superb . Something tells me we're going to get a longer than usual look at Eagles QB Michael Vick today . Titans TE Delanie Walker ,  listed as questionable with a shoulder injury ,  will play today vs . Colts . James Thrash is the appeals officer for Talib and Crabtree appeals today and ,  as @JimTrotterNFL said ,  an expedited  . Long snappers in Atlanta today Joe Zelenka and Jeff Robinson . Kickers in Atlanta Matt Bryant and Paul Edinger . RB Kenneth DIxon suspended first four games of 2017 for violating NFL  policy on PEDs . #KnowThemFromAdamSociologistcivil rights activist Dr . Harry Edwards compares Colin Kaepernick to Muhammad Ali . Vikings have signed veteran NFL kickoff specialist Rhys Lloyd ,  who kicked at the University of Minnesota . Panthers WR Devin Funchess ,  questionable with a shoulder injury ,  is expected to play Sunday vs . Bucs ,  per source . Vikings ownership in their annual training camp meeting this morning . Brett Favre has not been home . No confirmation from either side yet . Bears LB Danny Trevathan suspended two games for violating NFL player safety rules . i sent that news solely because I like to keep my Twitter family as informed as possible . Thank you for traveling with us . Broncos WR Emmanuel Sanders ,  listed as questionable for Sunday due to an ankle injury ,  is expected to play ,  per source . Turns out that former Browns RB Peyton Hillis signed a one year ,  3 million deal with the Chiefs . From what I gather ,  Chiefs WR Dwayne Bowe was trying to lose weight in training camp and took a diuretic . NFL suspended OT Trent Williams for next four games for violating the Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . A big thank you to @DeshaunWatson4 for making sure   @JosinaAnderson got off this roller coaster and returned safel  . AJ Green listed as doubtful for Sunday's wild card game vs . Indy . Colts S Bob Sanders and WR Anthony Gonzalez already ruled out for this week . Colts also released QB Tom Brandstater from practice squad . Enjoyed that ,  Bob . RT @BobGlauber I was honored to be a part of Will Leitch's first NY Magazine sports blog entry . Well ,  look who's on Twitter ,  Mr . Dancing With The Stars himself ,  @Thromedamnball . What else would his Twitter name be  ?  The new Must See in DC RT @BusterESPN Strasburg first pitcher EVER to strike out as many as 14 in a zero walk debut . Incredible . There wasn't a draft trade until pick 15 last year already have had 2 top 10 picks traded 2 weeks before draft . A standing O for @ochocinco . Other franchise tag handed out today went to Colts P Pat McAfee . I say we lock Al Sharpton and congressman Peter King in a room ,  and see what happens . NFL also in active talks with prospective digital partners for OTT streaming rights to Thursday Night Football . Announcement expected soon . Know we have two games today ,  but already fired up for Saturday . It's Saints at 49ers early ,  SteelersBroncos at Patriots late . Five QBs share the NFL single game record with 7 TD passes . Tom Brady now has six   with 1013 left in the 3rd Qtr . RT @aben1088 @AdamSchefter Jim Donovan reports Browns made offer to Holmgren . Any truth  ?   ...  All along ,  it was Holmgren's job to turn down . smoking . Ravens' WR Steve Smith Sr . on if he has toned down his trash talking Im still a dirtbag so no ,  that has not changed one bit.Here is the awesome #MyBestDay feature that just aired on Sunday Countdown produced by @DomGoodridge  . Meet and get a photo with Tom Brady & @Edelman11 in Boston on Dec . 22nd ,  all in support of @bestbuddies . Sign up at  . Falcons signed third round pick ,  former Alabama guard Mike Johnson to a four year contract . And one other Friday scratch for Sunday Raiders RB Darren McFadden will not play . Hope is to have him ready Thursday vs . San Diego . Former Bills CB @DraytonFlorence is scheduled to visit the Titans on Wednesday . As if night weren't bad enough for Bills RT @espnnfl Bills RBs Fred Jackson ,  Marshawn Lynch hurt in preseason opener  . Seattle Seahawks have claimed quarterback Mike Reilly off waivers from St . Louis . The actual season ending injury on Browns DT Shaun Rogers is a broken leg ,  not a broken ankle . Former Dolphins DEOLB Dion Jordan cleared waivers today . Now a free agent ... Shannon Sharpe flew his former TE coach ,  Les Steckel ,  to Canton . As big as Shannon's mouth is ,  his heart is 10 times bigger ,  Steckel said . Texans announced they signed former Packers NT Ryan Pickett and placed NT Louis Nix III on IR . Worthy nominee ...  RT @rayjay880 yur a lil young..but remember Marshall . Filed to ESPN Chiefs traded S Jarrad Page ,  who signed his contract only on Friday ,  to New England for a conditional draft pick . Before it had to release him ,  Denver restructured DeMarcus Ware's contract ,  keeping him at lower price as 3rd down rusher ,  per @JeffLegwold . RT @SmiFF620 do you know if the rams and O.J are still talking  ?   ...  Still are . Rams still would like to keep him . But at what cost  ?  Sam Bradford's going to be happy Rams reached agreement with former Falcons guard Harvey Dahl on a four year deal . Updated Falcons RB Tevin Coleman fractured a rib and is expected to miss a couple of weeks ,  depending on his pain threshold ,  per sources . Texans HC Gary Kubiak on WR Andre Johnson I think hes fine . Hes ready to go . Ed  Reed  and Duane  Brown  are our game time decisions.Talking to every source possible for info at the NFL Owners Meetings in Orlando ...  Ravens' RB Danny Woodhead expected to miss 6 8 weeks with hamstring injury ,  per league source ,  which would make him a candidate for IR . Bengals WR Jerome Simpson is playing but not expected to start . Andre Caldwell is likely starter . Jets are giving former Broncos WR Eric Decker a 5 year ,  36.25M deal ,  including 15M gtd ,  per source . Moe details RT @SportsCenter Roy Halladay has just thrown a perfect game .  The 20th in MLB history  . Seahawks released their offensive coordinator Jeremy Bates . Terrell Owens is officially an Allen Wrangler . Redskins HC Jay Gruden just informed the team that Colt McCoy will start Sunday's game at Indianapolis ,  per source . Arizona scored only 73 points over its final 6 games  12.2 PPG  ,  the fewest by a playoff team since 1935 NY Giants ,  per Elias SB . Though we were done with injury reports ,  but no . Alabama CB Javier Arenas suffered a right hamstring injury and is done for the day . RT @VillarrealFCMMA What is the meaning of life  ?   ...  Family ,  fun ,  football and Saturdays like this . Have a good night . Countdown @ 11 am . I want this assignment one year . RT @espnmikes Photo of pres Obama filling his bracket with andy katz  . Jim Harbaugh Jabrill Peppers 'on the same dance floor' as Jim Thorpe . Matt Ryan will undergo MRI on Monday to determine extent of injury to left collarboneshoulder . Looks like Justin Blackmon continues a tradition of Jaguars WRs that includes Matt Jones ,  Reggie Williams ,  R.J . Soward and Jimmy Smith . RT @MattPomPom 2011 Draft Order  if STL wins  1CAR ,  2DEN ,  3BUF ,  4CIN ,  5ARI ,  6CLE ,  7SF ,  8SEA ,  9TEN ,  10DAL ,  11WAS ,  12HOU ,  13MIN ,  14DET ,  15MIA . Congratulations to @206Child on his new post as the Huff Post sports columnist . Here's his 2011 NFL Mock Draft  . RT @sethmeyers21 Down 40 with Roethlisberger ,  Mendenhall ,  Miller to play .  Non PPR . Who likes my chances  ?  ... Not me . Better stick to comedy . Bengals now officially have released LB James Harrison . Eagles' Casey Matthews ,  former Oregon Duck ,  plugs Chip Kelley as an NFL HC  . A behind the scenes look at the making of the movie ,  Draft Day ,  with Kevin Costner .  NFL asst coach just texted me about Big Ben issue The same trap . Players need 2 understand no means no . And yes means no in the morning.RT @espnnfcwest Seahawks announce three year extension for Ben Obomanu ,  receiver . Played thru dislocated shoulder vs Saints . And in a short time ,  expected to be official DeSean Jackson will be a Redskin . Finishing touches now being put on deal . CBS will also move MIA NE to 425 so that the AFC seeds can't be completely locked in by the 1 pm results . NFL Insiders Sunday edition ,  filled with info and insight ,  coming right up at 10 am on ESPN . RT @richarddeitsch Wow ,  some serious hate flowing if you click on Nate Kaeding Trending Topic . Steelers' Dave Lockett said there's no new fracture in Bens foot . Bens injury is aggravation of old injury where scar tissue is present . Needless to say ,  Jake Delhomme did not visit the Saints ,  nor will he . Delhomme is going to Cleveland . Nice ,  quiet day at ESPN NCAA tourney begins ,  NBA trade deadline is at 3 ET ,  and decisions pending from Mario Williams and Peyton Manning . Packers and 49ers already have clinched their divisions . Three other teams   Saints ,  Patriots ,  Texans   could clinch their divisions Sunday . No more meaningful message today ...  RT @SteveTasker89 Jim Kelly's biopsies were negative . Wow ... just wow ... Amazing . McNabb throws one pick and Eagles fans start chanting for Vick . Herm Edwards on Patriots CB Alfonzo Dennard I'd cut him. More now on SportsCenter . Today is @espnradios V Foundation for Cancer Research Radiothon . Donate 1 800 454 6698 or jimmyv.org . #jimmyv . A 4 year ,  43 million deal for Seahawks LB Bobby Wagner ,  as @MikeGarafolo reported . Seattle taking care of business . Sermon Edwards' message to rookies ...  RT @amina510 In case you missed it  Herms Message to the rookies  . Last year kickers missed eight extra points . Theyve already missed nine in 2015   and Week 2 isnt over . Brian Cushing took and passed a lie detector test to prove he was not guilty of taking a PED . Yet his four game suspension still stands . RT @kjmitchell81 Hey schef ,  is mike williams sea wr gona start today  ?   ...  He is expected to ,  yes . For those that missed it RT @merrilhoge Ben Roethlisberger Conversation  . RT @mortreport Scott Ostler ,  as usual ,  has very interesting take on JaMarcus Russell and The Comeback Kid  . NFL conducting expedited appeal hearing today for Texans DE Antonio Smith ,  who was suspended for swinging at Richie Incognito . Buccaneers director of player personnel Jon Robinson and Titans just agreed in principle to a general manager deal ,  per sources . Chicago Bears tried out former Tiffin DEOLB Willie Mays today . No word on his outfield skills . Some optimism coming from the Cowboys in regards to DeMarco Murray's chances of playing  vs . Colts . RT @Reeksfamous How you gonna answer 2 questions from one guy and can't answer my one question  ?  Racism  ?   ...  Really  ?  Really  ?  C'mon ,  man . RT @AntonioPierce #17.. Time well over due .. Great teammate ,  friend ,  person and Man . Always a Champ .. Only 1 way to go  ...  Back to the TOP . RT @espnnfl Steelers' LB James Harrison blasts Goodell in interview  . Elvis Dumervil set Broncos single season sack record . As I just told Tom Jackson ,  Denver has done OK drafting undersized Louisville players . Sure hope seat pictured here is next to Brett Favre's ...  RT @ESPYs Hey Adam ,  we saved you a seat . Ready for the show  ?  RT @BobGlauber Just got off the phone with AP Sports Editor Terry Taylor . There will be a re vote of NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year . Big names still on board for Saturday's draft A.J . McCarron ,  Tom Savage ,  Aaron Murray ,  David Fales ... and Michael Sam . It's Adrian Clayborn plus one . Alabama WR Julio Jones told @AdamSchein and Jim Miller that he has been invited to and will attend the draft . Cam Newton arrived for todays game wearing a Rosie The Riveter pin ...  As soon as I tweet Josh McDaniels believes his team is right on course   and will win ,  Broncos lose Eddie Royal and Chris Kuper to injury . Don't like their chances . RT @dustchil @AdamSchefter Skip ,  a couple analysts and myself predicted Packers to win NFC ,  still possible  ?  Tom Cable released statement saying he hit a woman only once ,  after his first wife admitted to adultry . No criminal proceedings took place . War of attrition continues . RT @panthers David Gettis has torn ACL in left knee according to Coach Ron Rivera . Well ,  there's a more specific update Colts HC Chuck Pagano said Donte Moncrief is out 4 6 weeks with shoulder ...  Weather Channel just called Hurricane Irene the storm of a lifetime for many of you.Jags QB Blaine Gabbert sprained his right thumb . Lowdown of a trade that is described as now being on life support. RT @DaveKrieger Kyle Orton's game no bluff  . As @Edwerderespn reports ,  Rex Ryan has made plans to designate QB Tim Tebow as inactive for Sundays game to let two fractured ribs heal . Browns traded up to Jets' spot in seventh round to draft Arizona St . kicker Zane Gonzalez ,  who now will challenge Cody Parkey . Eat your heart out ,  Adam Sandler . Another royalty check for The Longest Yard just arrived in the mail . I'm now 10.33 richer  !  Part 1 Just got asked the question I get more than any other what do you do when there's no football  ?  Answer there's always football . Post draft NFL Power Rankings . Seahawks worth #1 ?  RT @mortreport Cam Newton going 10'6' in standing broad jump is elite . Tim Tebow did 9'7 last year ,  so Newton was almost a foot longer . Last unsigned first round pick ,  Corey Davis ,  has agreed to terms ,  per source . All 1's done . Upon finding out Pittsburgh's patriarch ,  Dan Rooney ,  has passed ,  one NFL exec texted what many thought Damn . He was a great human being.Bills have no practice this morning ,  but they do have news . They will release two time Pro Bowl DE Aaron Schobel today . Lantern reported Bucs hired Bill Sheridan as defensive coordinator . Tampa Bay also is expected to hire Bryan Cox as defensive asst coach . Titans and former NY Jets WR Eric Decker reached agreement on a one year deal ,  per source . Jenn Brown with New England's Ty Warren as he spends his lockout on his ranch in Texas . Bill O'Brien declined to address whether DeAndre Hopkins absence today was related to Bob McNair's controversial comments . Dolphins signed running back Larry Johnson and waived running back Kory Sheets . Some habits are easy to break . Like this RT @sj39 I'm just waking but realize today is victory Monday ,   day off  I'm going back to bed . Cam Newton signed 5 year ,  103.8 million extension ,  per source . Earns him 67.6 million in first three year . Deal ...  Separated at birth @Stugotz790 and Gargamel . RT @dpavlik Here in Pittsburgh radio there are rumors going around that St . Louis is in town talking to Steelers about Ben  ...  Next question . Falcons WR Roddy White is inactive . easy . The QB the Dolphins chose over Drew Brees getting another look . RT @ProFootballTalk Daunte Culpepper is getting a workout with the 49ers . Specific details on Rob Gronkowski's new deal with Patriots ,  per @RosenhausSports1st tier ,  which gets him ...  Eagles requested GM interviews with Miami's Chris Grier ,  Jacksonville's Chris Polian and Houston's Brian Gaine ,  per sources . Ravens reached agreement with RB Justin Forsett ,  per source . RB market heating up . RT @FauxJohnMadden Tough break for Browns fans .. as Holmgren was signing his new contract he got a papercut and now has a staph infection . After this morning ,  after Plaxico plea ,  if players do not get that bad choices can have serious consequences ,  then they never will get it . Terrelle Pryor clocked an unofficial 4.41 in the 40 yd dash @ 6 foot 5 ,  232 pounds . Elvis Dumervil deal also includes a 3.5 million guarantee on the 2nd day of league year in 2014.Wow ,  so former Steelers LB Jason Worilds retired . He released a statement through his rep . I appreciate all of ...  RT @kmart24 Did the raiders interview Al Saunders today  ?   ...  He's expected to soon join Oakland's coaching staff ,  probably as OC . Confirmed ARod's associates did not turn in Von Miller . The latest on Peyton Manning and the sleeper team that is the San Francisco 49ers .  Is it me or does Championship Sunday have a certain feel to it  ?  As long as I can remember ,  it always feels the same . Always feels big . RT @JasonRomano July 8th is 1 yr anniversary of LeBron decision   Maybe NFL makes its own decision that day .  ...  Would be more popular . Well ...  RT @SportsTaxMan Pitt's Ben Roethlisberger has thrown 6 TD passes in each of his last 2 games . Vikings have thrown 6 this season . Former Packers HC Mike Sherman is 1st candidate to be asked to interview for Tampa Bay Buccaneers HC job for a second time ,  per NFL source . Richard Sherman no fan of potential NFL action vs . Seahawks . Cowboys plan to bring Michael Sam to Dallas for a physical Wednesday ,  per team source . If all goes well ,  Sam will be a Cowboy . Hate getting scooped ...  Bengals ,  Jags ,  Pack ,  Niners ,  Bills   no one overly close on a deal for first rounders . Things change quick ,  but these could last a while . How's this timing Stewart Bradley was in customs ,  coming home from honeymoon in Australia ,  when Cards called to say they were cutting him . For what is thought to be the first time ,  Tuesday's media day will be held indoors   on the club level of Miami's Sun Life Stadium . RT @CindyBoren A roundhouse right to the jaw of Albert Haynesworth from Sally Jenkins  . Kansas City is finalizing a 5 year deal with soon to be former Browns OT Mitchell Schwartz ,  from @PatMcManamon and me . A voice of reason RT @reggiebush Brett Favre supposed to make 13 mil this year . Enough said  !  We'll see him September 9th in the Superdome  !  NFL spokesman Michael Signora says Saints have been in compliance on Todd Davis issue ,  per @MikeTriplett . Alex has his chance now through end of season   we'll see . RT @PCarps I guess you are saying that Alex Smith IS NOT a possible answer  ?  Wouldn't floor me if it were this week  RT @BryceThinksThat   @AdamSchefter what week do you see the lions winning the first game  ?  Redskins bringing in 1,200 workers to remove 25 million pounds of snow from FedExField for Monday night's game vs . Giants . Ask John Madden Emmitt Smith's signature game came against the Giants ,  when he carried the Cowboys to victory with a separated shoulder . Lions WR Calvin Johnson is expected to start . A wise coach used to say that 80 percent of teams that scored right before end of first half won . Let's see if it holds tonight . Falcons WR Julio Jones has a hip flexor injury but with a bye this week ,  Atlanta does not expect him to miss playing time ,  per source . RT @TomFrey1st Do you ever get a chance to attend NFL games  ?   ...  One per year   the very last NFL game of the season . RT @SIPeterKing Heck of a job by McDaniels ,  GM Xanders getting second 2 from Miami . People thought getting one high 2 was all they'd get . Packers claimed Christine Michael on waivers ,  as @MikeGarafolo reported . Dwight Freeney's visit to SD on Weds makes sense New Chargers GM Tom Telesco spent past 15 seasons in Indianapolis . More  ex  Raiders news RT @NFLFantasyNews Sources tell ESPN's Rich Cimini that the Jets have inquired about QB JaMarcus Russell . Key point Prior to the 2008 season ,  a rule change was approved that eliminated the foul for the incidental grasp of the facemask . STL HC Jeff Fisher on Rams WR Kenny Britt He could potentially return to where he was a very productive receiver.Picture of the day . RT @ChachWEEI  . Rams RB Todd Gurley will begin training camp on active roster . Each side loses here . Redskins get back less for Donovan McNabb now ,  and McNabb likely to get less on his next contract . Teams to monitor that are interested in moving up in the draft Giants ,  Titans ,  Packers ,  Steelers ,  Eagles ,  Chargers . #nfldraft . Not happening . RT @rayhansen @AdamSchefter @therealtmr any news on Bowe being traded to the ravens  ?  RT @element8504 Has Mark Herzlich been signed yet  ?   ...  10 am . Sounds like either Baltimore ,  Philadelphia or Tampa Bay . Former Oregon TE Colt Lyerla is making a plea to NFL teams to try to return from his injury and troubled past ...  NBC said Jay Cutler hasn't come out of locker room . It's Todd Collins turn to get sacked . Which of these two @GotMilk WR's will have more receiving yards Sunday  ?  Former Giants CB Terrell Thomas is signing with Seattle ,  per source . Reunited with Pete Carroll . JJ Watt had surgery on a herniated disc in his back in late July ,  then another back surgery two months later . Two surgeries in three months . Earlier today ,  one Redskins asst . coach said Allen told staff that Shanahan is No . 1 target ,  but at least one other team was interested . RT @TheRealTimDicks can you just announce ,  NO TRADES UNTIL NEW CBA !   ...  Thank you for serving as my blare horn . According to Elias ,  45 0 is the largest halftime shutout in NFL history . NFL announced that Seahawks CB Brandon Browner suspended four games without pay ,  effective immediately . Attn Saints fans RT @NFLLIVEonESPN Super Bowl winning coach Sean Payton on the NFL Live set with Trey Wingo tonight ... 1230am ET on ESPN . 49ers signed LB Matt Wilhelm and the placed of LB Jeff Ulbrich on Injured Reserve . RT @albertbreer Belichick told me a few yrs back C Brown was 1 of smartest players he coached  ...  They used to do extra film work . From the NFL Player Personnel Policy Manual EXEMPT LIST . The Exempt List is a special player status available ...  Most surprising development of compensatory picks San Diego not awarded ANY pick for losing WR Vincent Jackson to Bucs . Texans RB coach Chick Harris gathered together plays of Barber's technique and gave them to Steve Slaton to study . And so Saints DC Rob Ryan gets one if his former Cowboys LBs ,  Victor Butler ,  to help teach his D . Bills signed safety George Wilson and offensive lineman Mansfield Wrotto to contract extensions . Packers have claimed former Bears' DT Ego Ferguson off waivers ,  per @FieldYates . Chiefs exercised 5th year option on former 2013 No . 1 overall pick ,  OT Eric Fisher ,  per source . Cleveland made a strong effort to trade up again to No . 11 just now . But ultimately ,  Browns just bailed . Titans picking . ESPN Power Rankings Chiefs still No . 1 ,  Jets crack top 15.49ers plan to offer their HC job to Falcons' OC Kyle Shanahan whenever Atlantas season ends ,  sources tell ESPN . Willing to wait for him . Bengals given 24 more hours to try to sell out Sunday's game versus Texans to avoid blackout on local TV in Cincinnati market . Steelers WR JuJu Smith Schuster and Bengals S George Iloka each suspended one game for violations of safety related playing rules . Josh Freeman debuted Friday for Brooklyn Bolts in Fall Experimental Football League threw 1 INT ,  fumbled 5 times.One more link to the tremendous commencent speech at Michigan . RT @ifmanagement @sanjayguptacnn  . After that impressive win ,  @morteport ,  I was going to Tashard Choice you and ask for your autograph . But that last comment hurt . Just sent to ESPN Confirmed   Broncos quarterback Kyle Orton is warming up and will start . Another rookie injured ...  Browns have placed WR Corey Coleman ,  who underwent hand surgery Monday ,  on injured reserve . Chargers picked up right where they left off . Special teams allowed TD on opening kick . #areyoukiddingme . Bucs fired Raheem Morris and his staff . Life in AFC South if Texans beat Titans today ,  and Colts lose at Carolina on Monday ,  Houston and Indianapolis will be tied for 1st place . Jacksonville is expected to sign Arizona DE Calais Campbell barring any last minute negotiable snags ,  per @diannaESPN . A QB has been selected with the 1st overall pick 12 times in the last 15 drafts . Ray Lewis said he forgives Wed Welker's wife for her comments about him . People just make mistakes and say foolish things sometimes.Many thought Patriots would go after Julius Peppers   wrong Panthers DL . Patriots make a move on their defensive line . Losses from a win Jaguars announced LB Paul Posluszny  torn pectoral  out for the season and DE Andre Branch  torn groin  out 6 weeks . Despite having played three full NFL seasons ,  23 year old Brandin Cooks is now the sixth youngest player on the Patriots' roster . Ted Wells' report on Dolphins situation now is not expected to be completed before the end of the year . Buccaneers gave QB Ryan Griffin one year extension through 2018 season ,  per source . Wow RT @ProFootballMgmt @gregaiello You can take your 150 pages of CBA revisions and shove em  !  Can you say treble damages ,  Doty is waiting  !  RT @kjohnsoncsn Rex Grossman is starting over McNabb Sun in Dallas I'm told Redskins Lockeroom is divided and guys are extremely upset . The five year extension that ties WR Mike Williams to Tampa for next six years is worth 40.25 million ,  Bucs announced . Mort & Schefter's divisional round notebook Deshaun Watson's draft value has soared . Here's how lucky NFL is Sunday's temperatures were in 50s . Today is a snowstorm wreaking havoc with everyone trying to leave area . Islanders pay Rick DiPietro 1.5 million a year ,  every year till 2029. Mets pay Bobby Bonilla 1.2 mil a year ,  every year till 2035.Less than two months after undergoing back surgery ,  J.J . Watt is expected to play in next Sundays opener vs . Chicago ,  per league source . Eagles requested permission for GM interview with KC's Chris Ballard ,  who some believe to be the favorite in Chicago . The 4 p.m . deadline today came and went with Michael Vick remaining on Eagles roster QB now will receive his 1.5 million roster bonus . Wes Welker took similar approach to Richard Sherman and Ryan Braun and argued during appeal that there was an absolute breach of protocol.RT @FieldYates After adding CB Darrelle Revis ,  Patriots are hosting FA CB Brandon Browner for a visit ,  source confirms . As @ocktalks said . RT @realpatriots 4 Patriots named to Pro Bowl Vince Wilfork ,  Logan Mankins ,  Wes Welker and Tom Brady . Pro Bowl C Alex Mack will play Super Bowl LI with fracture in left leg ,  sources tell ESPN . Falcons uncertain how well ,  or long ,  he'll play . LeBronathon underway and about to end . Only in basketball could a player pick his team before any contract is agreed to or signed . Amazing . Good question . Round 5 ?  Always have guessed he's on field opening night ,  but let's see what Judge Berman says . Our friend and fighter  . Question No . 1 for Eric Studesville With Denver eliminated from playoffs ,  how much do you plan to play Tim Tebow Sunday and rest of season  ?  Vikings owner Zygi Wilf apologized to Gus Tinucci for Randy Moss' outburst Tinucci catering Wilf's suite today for first time . Long Island's own ,  Princeton LB Mike Catapano ,  to Chiefs in round seven . So Bucs sign former Bills K Rian Lindell ,  Cards land former Dolphins K Dan Carpenter and Green Bay still looking for K . Ruled out for today Chris Hogan ,  Ty Montgomery ,  Aaron Jones ,  Jordan Reed ,  Terrelle Pryor ,  Will Fuller ,  Allen Hurns  . Like Jameis Winston ,  Marcus Mariota does not plan to attend NFL Draft in Chicago ,  per league sources . Top 2 QBs ,  maybe top 2 picks ,  now out . Phil Dawson back to kicking for the Browns today . If the Giants lose or tie tonight ,  the Pittsburgh Steelers at Baltimore Ravens will be Sunday Night Football game on Dec . 27.RT @MVNUSID @AdamSchefter @OGOchoCinco This sounds like a good wager .    TO to Cincy or not .  ...  I'm in if Ocho is . Here's what Detroit tries to overcome today Since 2010 ,  in the 2nd half of its regular season schedule ,  New England is an NFL best 31 3.CLEV teams have played a combined 141 seasons since the city's last major championship ,  Browns in 1964.Longest active drought of any city . Giants running back Ahmad Bradshaw is scheduled to undergo an MRI on his neck Monday . Ravens announced TE Nick Boyle suspended final four games for violating NFL PED policy . Broncos traveling party includes Exec VP John Elway ,  HC John Fox ,  OC Mike McCoy ,  QB coach Adam Gase ,  GM Brian Xanders and a medical team . Bills traded up to 4. Sets them up for top WR if they want . Browns get 9th pick and get Bills 1 and 4 next year . first player i encountered   Chris Cooley . redskins guaranteed him at least six touchdowns this season . he wants more   . Raiders swept the AFC West ,  finishing the season with a 6 0 divisional mark . Impressive . Presumed No . 1 pick Jared Goff wrapped up visit with LA Rams . Both QBs ,  Goff and Carson Wentz ,  met Rams coaches ,  dined with team officials . RT @judybattista Giants still hold Tiki's rights . So they will have to make a move .  ...  Something tells me he'll be set free . Small world Just bumped into Chicago tribune columnist Rick Morrissey in airport . We covered Broncos together for Rocky Mtn News . Initial X rays on Panthers TE Greg Olsen's foot Sunday came back negative ,  and he will undergo further evaluation today ,  per source . RB LenDale White went home today and signed a 2 year deal with the Broncos . Terrell Thomas not alone . Former Giant and current Redskins LB Jonathan Goff tore his ACL.Really a shame ,  said Reds  . About to do Headlines on Sunday NFL Countdown with @morteport . Talking Adrian Peterson ,  Brian Urlacher and an item that'll stir some debate . Unhappy with contract ,  Texans WR DeAndre Hopkins has left camp ,  holdout underway ,  HOU has declined to negotiate ,  via @taniaganguli and me . Chargers placed safeties Eric Weddle  groin  and Darrell Stuckey  knee  ,  TE Ladarius Green  ankle  ,  NT Sean Lissemore  shoulder  on IR . Just got a tweet that Brandon Marshall was found not guilty. It's unconfirmed but came from a great source . Awaiting confirmation . More big news ...  Steelers RB Le'Veon Bell will report back to team before regular season kicks off ,  though it remains unclear exactly when ,  per source . One Patriot said it always felt like AH had an angel on one shoulder ,  a devil on the other ,  and concern was devil would win out . Despite being listed as questionable ,  Eagles RB DeMarco Murray is expected to play today vs . Washington ,  per league source . Vikings deactivated WR Bernard Berrian . Running back rule passed ,  31 1. Illegal to lower crown of helmets . Tuck rule also passed . Chiefs now have clinched a playoff spot.Ravens are eliminated . Gronk II Patriots announced they signed FB Glenn Gronkowski to a future contract . Mike Williams ,  Brian Urlacher ,  Brandon Lloyd all fit better descriptions of Comeback Player of the Year than Vick  who was simply great .Eagles gave QB Sam Bradford a two year ,  36 million deal ,  including 26 million guaranteed ,  per source . Lions free agent linebacker Larry Foote ,  who met with the Cardinals this week ,  is scheduled to visit the Steelers on Monday . Ryan Fitzpatrick drama takes another turn with Jets using 2nd round pick on Penn St . QB Christian Hackenberg . Family of Aaron Hernandez plans private funeral for Monday . Another surprise person passing through line to get a book  ?  NFLPA Executive Director DeMaurice Smith . Never met him before . Very nice man . National September 11 Memorial Museum opens to public today . For most ,  it will be an experience . For the less fortunate ,  it is a reality . At least 3 teams have contacted Browns about deal for WR Josh Gordon two have standing offers of a high pick and a player . Browns balking . Megatron with a Megablast . RT @TommyBalish Calvin Johnson hits HR at Comerica Park  . Thx again RT @wolverdick @AdamSchefter I finished reading it last night . Very inspirational ,  really shows best side of these atheletes . Stat of am Adrian Peterson has 909 rushing yards after contact this season . Steven Jackson has rushed for 909 total yards this season . Vikings signed two former Lions ,  DE Lawrence Jackson and CB Jacob Lacey . Everyone but Josh McDaniels thinks sky is falling around him . He truly doesn't . He believes his team is right on course   and will win . Friday 10 Spot on Saturday unbeaten Texans have become the farm team for other NFL teams .      . In an off season in which Champ Bailey signed a four year ,  43 million contract ,  the Redskins released the player they acquired for him ,  CP . Giants WR Brandon Marshall announced he is undergoing season ending ankle surgery on Tuesday . Could be TV time . Dallas claimed DE CliftonGeathers on waivers from Seattle ,  and Detroit claimed DE Barry Turner on waivers from Chicago . Bengals signed rookie K Aaron Pettrey of Ohio State . John Lynch adds 3 extra picks to move to pick 3 and take the 3rd straight DL in first round for 49ers . Lions are expecting WR Calvin Johnson to play today vs . Green Bay despite questionable status due to ankle injury ,  per source . Former Chiefs' DL Jaye Howard signed a 1 year deal with the Bears today ,  per source . Rams' QB Jared Goff could start first NFL game as early as next Sunday at home vs . Dolphins ,  per league sources ...  A rebuilding plan Titans now have six of top 76 picks in upcoming draft ,  along with double 1s and double 3s in 2017.No deal for WR Terrell Owens is imminent ,  but his connections to Cincinnati continue growing . For more  . Cardinals WR Larry Fitzgerald restructured his contract ...  This is a day that has been affixed to NFL calendar . But it is one of the most difficult days of year for so many men and their families . Cardinals fans can relax . Larry Fitzgerald has no plans to retire after this year ,  per sources . It's why he signed an extension last month . Need one of these for the War Room League ...  So with the Charlotte Observer reporting John Fox will be invited back for next year ,  that leaves one less destination for Bill Cowher . Since joining NFL ,  Chip Kellys teams have used 11 of 23 picks on Pac 12 players ,  the most picks from a single conf by any HC in that time . Details from PFT ...  RT @ProFootballTalk More details from @RefereeJimD on the NFL NFLRA deal  . Goodell  ?  If you blinked you missed me . I was sitting in the press box . RT @MattLorenzo @AdamSchefter You were in that movie  ?  And now Colin Kaepernick has signed his restructured deal . He will have option to void deal after this season . Patriots releasing veteran WR Michael Jenkins is another sign of how much they believe in their young wideouts . Only Dolphin selected was OT Jake Long . New development to coaching carousel and to Buffalo's coaching search Being told that Bill Cowher not likely to coach in 2010.BTW ,  the 19 plus million guaranteed money given to OT Eugene Monroe is Largest Guaranteed Contract in Jaguars history . Thoughts @Richeisen  ?  Giants expected to be fined for walkie talkie use ,  per sources.NFL awarded compensatory draft picks early this year . Here's the full list of extra picks for teams  . Among those working out for Broncos today RB Trent Richardson ,  RB Daniel Thomas ,  WR Denarius Moore ,  WR Greg Little ,  QB Ryan Lindley . Cowboys plan to start Darren McFadden against Seattle on Sunday . CSE Talent has launched an NFL player rep division and hired Jason Katz to lead it . Redskins coach Mike Shanahan called Washington's 1st round pick Trent Williams a total stud.  Browns hired San Diego Padres VP Brent Stehlik as executive vice president and chief revenue officer ,  a move that will be announced soon . Patriots WR Malcom Mitchell ,  listed as questionable for tonight's Divisional Playoff with knee injury ,  will not play vs Texans ,  per source . RT @MaxLuckan How many phones do you own nowadays  ?   ...  Have as many phones as children two . Can't live without any of the four of them . Panthers said Greg Olsen has a foot injury and will not return today . When Denver hosted Baltimore in January ,  high temperature was 13 degrees . Tonight will be 94   an 81 degree difference . Dozed off in a hammock and woke up to this ...  Titans released QB Matthew Hasselbeck ,  team announced . Good news for Titans QB Vince Young expected to return to starting lineup Sunday in San Diego . Last Big 10 QB drafted in 1st rd was Kerry Collins 1995. 2016 Draft Class possibly has 3 Hackenberg ,  Cook ,  Jones  If he wins starting job .Bills signed RB Joe Banyard ,  CB Leonard Johnson and WR Corey Washington . Jury convicts 23 year old of killing Redskins star Sean Taylor in 2007 botched burglary . NFL announces Josh Gordon suspended at least 1 year for violating Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . Suspension begins immediately . Former Patriots kicker Adam Vinatierri just walked on to ESPN set and ,  as soon as Charles Woodson saw him ,  he told him ,  Still hate you.RT @camboespn Sunday NFL Countdown 11 am   Illegal Hits Fallout ,  Andy Reid goes hip hop on his QBs ,  Favre vs Pack ,  Cowboy Ditka pays visit . Kevin Durant suffered MCL sprain and tibial bone bruise ,  will be evaluated again in four weeks ,  no timetable for his return . Only players with a major injury who are placed on ReserveInjured after 400 p.m. ,  New York time ,  on Tuesday ,  Septe  . When the two sides split ,  the Browns confiscated George Kokinis' cell phone   no one around the league has spoken with Kokinis all week . Great point by @markschlereth on NFL Live . He said McNabb would have same impact on Raiders this year that Favre had on Vikings last year . So if Ndamukong Suh loses appeal of one game suspension ,  and Lions lose Sunday ,  could be a wrap on his time in Detroit . Tabloid headline writer's dream VaLINtine Day with Knicks in action tonight ...  Former Browns HC Pat Shurmur is expected to join Chip Kelly's coaching staff in Philadelphia ,  likely as Eagles' offensive coordinator . TV anchor with the flubbed line of the day ...  Bad injury to a very good player  . Can't stop there . Names  !  RT @alexmarvez 2 media members asked tebow for autographs in locker room . No ,  I wasn't one of them . Yes ,  he signed . RT @RossTuckerNFL As soon as Eagles got legit WR weapons they traded McNabb . Now he comes back to Philly with pedestrian wideouts again . Bears G Kyle Long ,  who would be matched vs . Ndamukong Suh today ,  is inactive due to a hip injury . Bears G Ryan Groy makes first NFL start . Day gets rougher for Eagles starting C Jamaal Jackson tore his tricep and is out for the season . Those waiting to see what happens with Bengals and their HC will have to wait . It's supposed to take a few days before any decisons made . Here's why Sunday vs . Chicago looms large for New England after Bears ,  Patriots play Broncos ,  at Colts ,  Lions ,  at Packers ,  at Chargers . Trust me ,  this type of thing isn't fun . RT @TheRedzoneorg ... Gallery out after appendectomy  . Mississippi State CB Darius Slay ,  regarded as potential 1st rd pick ,  tore meniscus in knee in February . Slay worked out Friday for Falcons . Rams have made change at offensive coordinator . Rob Boras is now new play caller . Seahawks fined 400,000 for excessive off season workouts and Pete Carroll fined 200,00 for it . Front page of the Boston Globe ,  an all timer ...  For sale ,  by owner Former Packers RB Eddie Lacy having garage sale this weekend ...  For all those who have asked . RT @buffalobillscom Buffalo's stance on Marshawn Lynch has not changed  . With no verdict on the appeal of his three game suspension by today ,  Bengals RB Cedric Benson will play Sunday . Awful RT @JeremySchaap On first day of S . Africa's World Cup ,  Nelson Mandela's 13 yr old great granddaughter has been killed in car crash . By next week ,  NFL is expected to increase size of practice squads to 10 players from 8 ,  per source . So 64 more jobs . Well ,  now we know how Albert might have spent some of his time . RT @ProFootballTalk Haynesworth faces paternity suit  . Barring any snags ,  Robert Woods intends to sign a 5 year ,  39 million deal ,  including 15 million guaranteed ,  with Rams ,  per sources . RT @espnnfl Tony Dungy visits New York Jets before addressing New York Yankees  . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Browns signed former Bills WR Naaman Roosevelt and gave a five year contract extension to OL John Greco . Offensive coordinators becoming an endangered species . Bucs dismiss OC Jeff Jagodzinski . Replace him with Greg Olsen . Wow . WR Josh Cribbs just signed with the Raiders . Watch out for the Dolphins . In their past three games ,  they've outscored their opponents 86 20.WR Titus Young arrested twice Sunday First on suspicion of DUI before being released . 14 hours later ,  Young ...  Vikings TE Kyle Rudolph is active today vs Bengals . Statement from Ray Farmer on incident involving Johnny ManzielWe were aware of the situation . It is a matter ...  On to the next rumor RT @RickMaese Mike Shanahan says there has not been one mention of trading Haynesworth or anyone ... except Campbell . Vikings do not plan to play RB Adrian Peterson Friday vs . San Diego ,  though team is expecting him to argue his case for playing time in game . Dead on . RT @michaelstrahan Can't blame @SteveSmithNY at all . Obviously Giants had plenty of time to sign him . Indy never called Law . RT @etombaugh is the signing of ty law a strategic move to leave indy with out a decent replacement option  ?  Tim Tebow's passing numbers might be unimpressive . His won loss record this season   4 1   is not . One league source said he believes Tim Tebow trade with Jets will go through . But contractual issues now complicating it . One NFL source convinced Raiders are the favorite to trade for HC Jim Harbaugh ,  but Jets also known to be keeping a close eye on situation . Unless he suffers a setback to his hip injury in pre game warmups ,  Ravens RB Ray Rice is expected to play today vs . Bills ,  per source . Seven weeks after being stabbed ,  Steelers OT Mike Adams weighed in at 323 ,  core strength returning and he's ready to go . Impressive . Jerry Jones says playing Tony Romo in finale not worth injury risk . Ezekiel Elliott is back for this week . 2nd Cir just granted request for administrative stay . 49ers announced that they have signed first round draft pick LB Aldon Smith to a four year contract . Bad sign out of Buffalo . Bills holding T.O . out of Saturday's preseason game vs . Steelers for bad toe . WarningToe injuries can wreak havoc . From one of today's graduates RT @dsherb9 DeMaurice was very inspirational and showed us why he's NFLPA pres . Devin Hester now has 13 combined kick return touchdowns  nine PR TD ,  four KR TD  ,  tied with Brian Mitchell for most in NFL history . Elway bet on himself . No one fires an HC with 48 regular season wins and 4 AFC West titles in 4 years ... unless you know better . Elway did . Love seeing how friendly former Jaguars QB @MBrunell8 and former LB @billromanowski can be on Twitter . Good men . One source close to Brandon Marshall texted Really appreciate Jets for giving him the opportunity and they did offer him an extension.As @dannyoneil first reported ,  Matthew Hasselbeck not expected to return to Seattle . Hello Tarvaris Jackson . Tiger Woods has made Friday more insignificant for football reporters than opening day or day one of the NCAA basketball tournament . One overlooked factor is how much money the NFL will save by having a Super Bowl in New YorkNew Jersey . Friday 10 Spot How Peyton Manning affected teams in and out of this weekend's Divisional Playoffs ... Peyton Manning would approve ...  RT @AJCAKAKR Pic just sent to me from Denver airport  !  Despite being in a walking boot after today's win over Miami ,  Ben Roethlisberger said he will play Sunday vs Kansas City . As for football's ratings ESPN MNF Titans Texans game on 112309 had 12.1m viewers . ESPN's Packers Vikes 105 game had 21.8m viewers . One more I couldnt resist . RT @gmaustin Wouldn't it be great if texans signed Vick and he was schaubs backup  ?  That's what I call doing time  !  Up until just now ,  I never had seen a Urine Color Chart . A Jets staffer tell me those charts are all around the school at Cortland . Cool . Sad news Pro Football Hall of Famer Frank Gifford dies at 84. RIP . The 12,500 fine on Anthony Spencer was for helmet to helmet hit on Michael Vick ,  not the sideline hit .  No matter what it is ,  guess here is he won't play again for KC . RT @castyKC @AdamSchefter what do u think LJ's settlement would entail  ?  First time that former Auburn teammates ,  Ronnie Brown and Cadillac Williams ,  will square off against each other in the NFL . And another confirmed waiver claim of a former Patriot . RT @ProFootballTalk Bengals claim Brandon Tate on waivers . Eli Manning's video tribute to his brother Peyton . RT @SweetD84 ny word on beanie for sunday  ?   ...  He's talking as if he plans on playing . Colleague @nikbonaddio from @numberFire sent these workout comps for the QBs from this weekend@s combine . Texans' LB Max Bullough has been suspended the first four games for violating the NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . So Plaxico could be out in spring of 2011   just in time for potential lockout . With 15 picks and loaded roster ,  is any team more capable of drafting and stashing injured South Carolina RB Marcus Lattimore than the 49ers . Both  !  RT @MichaelLLHarman @AdamSchefter Haha . Up early or just can't wait for the Cleveland v Detroit game  ?  Lions' ownership supports HC Jim Caldwell and plans to retain him ,  per sources . But Lions also expected to leave final decision to new GM . With Seahawks' S Earl Thomas ruled out for Sunday due to hamstring injury ,  his impressive streak of 118 straight NFL games will be snapped . So Saints QB Drew Brees finished the night with more touchdown passes  5  than incompletions  4 . Not bad ... Panthers' LB Luke Kuechly has suffered second concussion over past two seasons . With 19 passing yards against Houston ,  Peyton Manning will become the first player in NFL history with 40,000 passing yards in one decade . Filed to ESPN Raiders informed Tom Cable they will not pick up the option in his contract . He no longer is the Raiders head coach . Anatomy of a miracle How the Patriots came back from the dead.And in Week 17 ,  a Chiefs WR scores his first TD of the season . Restlessness continues With Jimmy Raye out in San Francisco ,  the new offensive coordinator in San Francisco is Mike Johnson . NFL announced it will release its 2012 regular season schedule on Tuesday . Coverage throughout the day on ESPN . What a bummer when the first tweet you read involves the death of Ted Kennedy . Thoughts and prayers to the Kennedy family . Pres . Obama to Diane Sawyer I am rooting a little bit for the Saints as the underdog ... because whats happened in New Orleans.Cuts keep coming Vikings cut RB Ian Johnson ,  Titans cut RB Samkon Gado and Raiders cut QB Colt Brennan . Jerry Jones is assured of having a very happy 72nd birthday today . Bills are not picking up WR Sammy Watkins' fifth year option ,  per source . Free agent WR Torrey Smith has reached agreement on a five year contract with the San Francisco 49ers ,  per me and @caplannfl . This supplemental draft has been the source of way more attention and comedy than I ever imagined . Former Falcons DE John Abraham ,  who visited Seattle this week ,  is visiting this morning with the 49ers . Why the NFL is finally hiring full time officials ,  via @SeifertESPN . RT @mortreport Jimmy Graham fans ,  real and fantasy ,  don't get your hopes up for Sunday's Saints game vs Bills . Update Sunday @ESPNNFL . Buccaneers cut wide receiver Dezmon Briscoe ,  according to a league source . Broncos' HC Gary Kubiak said DeMarcus Ware has an ulnar fracture . Ex Florida State DB Myron Rolle to begin Harvard medical residency . A transcript of the NFL chat we just wrapped up at ESPN.com   . Bengals S George Iloka won his appeal and will not be suspended ,  per source . Packers expressing interest in Bears free agent RB Matt Forte ,  per source . Myles Jack will not collect on loss of value insurance policy ,  as it would have started at pick No . 45 ,  per @darrenrovell . He went 36.In addition to Broncos OC Mike McCoy ,  Miami asst . Todd Bowles and Packers OC Joe Philbin being brought in for 2nd interviews w Stephen Ross . Every NFL official and media person I spoke with agreed Indianapolis should become a regular part of Super Bowl rotation . Super job ,  Indy . Stat of the day from Mike Shanahan at his press conference In his years of coaching ,  he has moved in and out of 30 homes . One of biggest roster decisions NE will have to make is whether to carry Rob Gronkowski on 53 man roster or place him on PUP . How bout some applause for Rutgers ,  which produced two first round picks . Strong Scarlet Knight showing . #nfldraft . Good luck to Kentucky in the Final Four that's one tough team . And congratulations on a superb season ,  @umichbball . A job well done . Not far fetched at all . I could see it . RT @DJB2328 @AdamSchefter VikingsGiants and ColtsSteelers in The Championship games . Thoughts  ?  Now it's clear why SF never moved on Hue Jackson . Knew it had Chip Kelly waiting for Niners the whole time . Dennis Pitta out for opener with dislocated hip . Browns OL Ryan Miller taken to hospital with movement in extremities . And Maclin . Brutal . As for whether Giants WR Odell Beckham Jr . plays tonight vs the Lions ,  one source described it as up in the air.Don't know where Vick will end up ,  Twitter family ,  but do know this after talking with DeAngelo Hall . Vick will NOT play in UFL . NFL or bust . Panthers DC Sean McDermott is scheduled to interview with Redkins this weekend in Charlotte ,  NC . Cowboys waivedinjured DT Brian Price and also released recently signed QB Aaron Corp . Marathon manhunt . RT @gregaiello Roger Goodell and Art Rooney have spoken to Ben Roethlisberger . Announcement of commissioner's decision coming shortly . Johnny Manziel has been released from a drug and alcohol treatment facility ,  multiple sources told ESPN's Jeremy Fowler . Dolphins claimed DB Ifo Ekpre Olomu off waivers from Browns ,  per source . In this time of uncertainty ,  with many questions ,  being told a more likely free agent start is a least a month away ,  quite possibly more . A proven vet is back for more Mile High Football Camp ,  June 19th 22nd . It's the camp's 36th year . More info Milehighfootballcamp.comSo the Houston Texans got former Dolphins RB Lamar Miller and now the former Texans RB Arian Foster is set to visit Dolphins . Reality TV 1994 On this day 19 years ago ,  OJ Simpson led police and this country on the car chase that riveted all . RT @MatthewHass8 Remembering 5 yr old Trevin Dilfer who died April 27 ,  2003. We still miss you . Typical tabloid Headline in today's NY Daily News ,  plastered above a picture of Red Sox manager Bobby Valentine   Sox To Be You.LB Donta Hightower scheduled to visit Dr . James Andrews today ,  per team source . Patriots still do not know if he will be out for year . It's only March 16 ,  and the winds will change again ,  but my pick to be next month's No . 1 pick is ... Missouri QB Blaine Gabbert . Here's the play the NFL is reviewing  . NFL expects to rule on Terrelle Pryor's appeal of his five game suspension this week . NFL Insiders discuss Thursday night's matchup ,  Drew Brees' return to San Diego and more heading into Week 4 . Andrew Luck partial tear of an ab muscle and a laceration in 1 kidney . Out 2 6 weeks ,  per team . Atlanta Falcons signed safety Matt Giordano and released cornerback Tye Hill . Only postseason game Santonio Holmes played and did not score a TD was last week vs . Indy . Otherwise ,  TDs in each of his postseason games . Filed to ESPN Bills putting finishing touches on deal that will make Rex Ryan their next HC ,  per sources . More on Sunday NFL Countdown . Going to be a mighty sad night in Cleveland if the only player the city lands is WR Bobby Engram . Interesting and ironic Texans HC Bill O'Brien and Penn St QB Christian Hackenburg holding press conferences in same room at same time . Correction Dolphins gave WR Kenny Stills a four year ,  32 million deal that includes 20 million guaranteed . Ron Rivera says Cam Newton ,  coming off shoulder surgery ,  will throw next week ...  A look at the late ,  great Mr . Cronkite    . RT @BAMAFAN13 With Pats releasing Lloyd ,  do they have eyes on other WRs  ?   ...  Imagine if Pats starters were Amendola and Emmanuel Sanders . Reason to like deal from TB standpoint GMs believe strength of this draft is rounds 2 and 3 ,  and Bucs have their picks there . Plus Revis . Not happy with what they saw last night ,  the Bills released P Shawn Powell . Can't tell you how happy I am to see @mortreport in New Orleans . Celebration dinner tonight .  Redskins to hold introductory Donovan McNabb press conference at noon Tuesday . Dolphins interested in Marion Barber Giants working to sign Ahmad Bradshaw Denver has interest in Willis McGahee . Packers are signing former Univ . of Miami punter Justin Vogel as competition for the incumbent Jacob Schum ,  per source . Vince Youngs contract cannot be terminated until February 7 ,  when waivers begin for the new season . Bills GM Doug Whaley won't give vote of confidence for Rex Ryan . Lots of people pulling and praying for you ,  @StuartScott . Thoughts with you . LaMarr Woodley's contract with Steelers 6 years ,  61.5 million ,  including 18.1 million in the 1st year ,  27 million in first two . Carmelo Anthony is replacing the injured Kevin Love in NBA All Star game this weekend . Now that he has cleared waivers ,  former Jets QB Tim Tebow is a free agent . Can sign anywhere ,  anytime . Von Miller's selfless act in 2011 is about to pay off . sock . Browns RB Isaiah Crowell ,  questionable with a toe injury ,  will play today vs . Denver . Colts owner Jim Irsay will be subject to league discipline under the Personal Conduct Policy . It applies to all NFL personnel . RT @SIRossTucker New Eagles DB Marlin Jackson just told us he will be playing FS in Philly .  Macho Harris just got some competition . Bucs list RBs Doug Martin and Charles Sims as doubtful for Monday night shapes up as big work night for Jacquizz Rodgers . Chargers and Antonio Gates reach agreement ,  as @RapSheet reported . Deal is a 2 year agreement and allows Gates to finish career as Charger . Next QB about to be called ... KC been thinking about one since Round 1 ,  when it considered Johnny Football . Special Postseason NFL Countdown now on ESPN ,  now through noon . Josh Gordon's petition for reinstatement was denied ,  as @MaryKayCabot reported . Gordon may re apply for reinstatement later in the year . Seattle now has picked up former 1st round picks   Sheldon Richardson  Jets  ,  Dion Jordan  Dolphins  and Marcus Smith  Eagles .Hail to the Chief  and the highest paid safety in NFL history  Eric Berry's deal 6 years ,  60 million max ,  including 34 million gtd . Bills plan to sign QB Matt Flynn . Twitterverse weighing in on LJ in droves . People see Clev ,  NE ,  Wash or Seattle . I see our new Tweet Topic of the dayweek ... Fuzzy Thurston's wife taking some real shots at Brett Favre on Sunday NFL Countdown . She went to the Mrs . Floyd Reese School of Etiquette . Official news on firing of HC Jeff Fisher  . Upon getting to my desk this am ,  this was sitting on it . Don't know if he realizes ,  but Da Coach is missing something  . Tom Brady enters uncharted waters   . This is what I was told on Big Ben's injury He's fine ,  had the back of his foot stepped on. Exhale ,  Pittsburgh . New CBA at work Had one NFL exec predict that ,  by the end of this month ,  most if not all draft picks will be signed . No July drama . Bears have activated WR Alshon Jeffery from exemptcommissioner permission and placed WR Marquess Wilson on IR . Seahawks' QB Russell Wilson got each Seattle player and coach two first class plane tickets on Alaskan Airlines for Xmas ,  per team official . Chargers releaed LB Shawne Merriman and placed Buster Davis on IR . Let the guessing on Merriman begin . Mine  ?  Miami . Seahawks CB Brandon Browner still can appeal again ,  and might ,  but clock now starts on his one year suspension . Done for year ,  maybe career . RB Marshawn Lynch traded to Seattle ,  the team that thought it had a deal for him last week . Another perspective RT @Drawnitsud Team that drafted Smith instead ,  at home watching team that drafted Rodgers   . Giants WR @TeamVic said hell drive to Newtown to give his cleats and gloves to the family of a slain 6 year old . Dolphins C Jake Grove is inactive . Unless there's a setback ,  Chiefs HC Andy Reid expects WR Dwayne Bowe to start despite a slight groin pull ,  via @Edwerderespn . Fitting the NFLs all time leader in strip sacks ,  Robert Mathis ,  records one in his final pro game . RT @Lang2727 Adam ,  the J E T S actually have 3 wins in 2010. They beat the Bengals to make the playoffs on January 3rd  !   .RT @sdutChargers LT just told me he doesn't know where he's going yet . That means he hasn't officially made up his mind . A costly loss for Minnesota Vikings HC Brad Childress had a 300,000 incentive in his contract for an NFC Championship game victory . Giants believe there is a good chance Odell Beckham Jr . will be able to play Monday night ,  but cautioned it's still up in the air.Cowboys just drafted RB DeMarco Murray ,  competition for Marion Barber ,  Felix Jones and Tashard Choice . Jets and Jaguars have asked permission from San Francisco to interview 49ers director of player personnel Tom Gamble for their GM jobs . RT @OneRamsWay QB Marc Bulger placed on injured reserve . WRCB Cord Parks called up to active roster . Colts statement  . Jets will try to restructure Santonio Holmes' contract ,  per sources . Holmes scheduled to make 11.25 million in 2013 ,  7.5 of which is gtd . Browns are placing the transition tag on center Alex Mack ,  which will give Cleveland chance to match any offer sheet he would sign . New England Patriots have placed CB Ras I Dowling on injured reserve with a thigh injury . Cardinals announced DB Tyrann Matthieu will miss 3 6 weeks with a shoulder injury . Packers CB Sam Shields  concussion  has been ruled out of Sunday's game vs . Vikings . Lockout benefit Just finished Laura Hillenbrand's book ,  Unbroken. Most remarkable story I've read . Louie Zamperini is an American legend . And there it is from the man with the biggest non QB guarantee in NFL history  . NFL reviewing Vontze Burfict low hit on Martellus Bennett ,  as is customary . A player's history can factor in to potential discipline . Miami's franchise player Randy Starks will not be attending the Dolphins voluntary off season program ,  mandatory ...  Jets made decision to start Mark Sanchez next Monday night against Baltimore . Coach's decision ,  Kellen Clemens said . Preordained.Tom Bradys father wants Patriots to score 60 against Colts ...  Really ,  what do Dick Jauron and Marvin Lewis say to their teams after working so hard all summer ,  only to see first games end like that  ?  Chargers announced WR Eddie Royal sustained a bruised lung Saturday and also is being evaluated for a concussion . As @MikeGarafolo and @RapSheet reported ,  Jets and David Garrard parting ways . Garrard texted @AdamSchein saying his knee is not holding up . Bills announced they officially released RB Boobie Dixon ,  G Kraig Urbik and DE Mario Williams . Eagles trades this not so quiet offseasonDeMarco to TitansSanchez to BroncosMaxwellAlonso to MiamiPicks to Cleveland for pick No . 2.Two OL risers 16 teams and 7 offensive line coaches at today's Pro Day for Leigh OTOG William Rackley and Slippery Rock C Brandon Fusco . We are now exactly 100 days away from the Patriots hosting the Steelers ,  and the kickoff of the 2015 NFL season . Asked 3 front office men from 3 teams whom Panthers should take at 1. One said Cam Newton ,  one said Blaine Gabbert ,  one said Nick Fairley . NFL has initiated a joint investigation with NFLPA on Tom Savage re entering Sundays game with a concussion . Tonight is first time Cards QB Carson Palmer will face Pete Carroll in the NFL . Palmer won the Heisman while playing for Carroll at USC . Bills agree RT @cmjoyce113 watch 1st 10 snaps of lions bills game on 93 ...  walker was beat on EVERY play . He was not ready . At No . 129 ,  the Colts draft Tennessee G Jacques McClendon ,  another protector for Peyton Manning . #nfldraft . NFL is suspending Bucs S Dashon Goldson ,  via @mortreport . My friend @Mortreport thinks the Chargers could be trading CB Antonio Cromartie for a RB . NFL expected to consider six figure fines for Mike Tomlin and Steelers orgn . Tomlin was NFL's most recent addition to competition committee . Packers WR Jordy Nelson's quad strain is not considered serious but he is 50 50 for Sunday vs . Bengals ,  per source . And @mortreport is reporting the Colts will release Peyton Manning . News on ESPN . Bills have told staffers that they will receive full reimbursement of back pay ,  restoration of previous salary levels and 401k retro . Vikings announced they will not exercise 2017 option on Adrian Peterson's contract . Peterson free ... Three teams have discussed trading for QB Matt Leinart   Bills ,  Raiders ,  Giants . Now we wait to see if any pull trigger by this weekend . NFL announced Lady Gaga will perform at halftime of Super Bowl LI . Broncos OC Mike McCoy was scheduled to interview in Jacksonville today for Jaguars HC if Denver lost Sunday . Now has to be rescheduled . CJ . Spiller is first player to average at least 10 yards per carry through first two games  minimum 25 attempts  since Jim Brown in 1963.Browns placed WR Travis Benjamin on IR and signed WR Armanti Edwards . And then there's this..RT @tazinib1 Bar owners will not forget . Huge income loss 4 weekend . Local bar will lose K's over weekend . Final injury report for Sunday's NFC Championship game  . Not just Jets interested in Darrelle Revis Rex Ryan will try to lure the free agent to be CB to Buffalo as well . AFC East in on Revis . Broncos G Max Garcia named Week 4 NFLPA Community MVP for his ongoing devotion disaster relief efforts in Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria . Incredible fog all over the Northeast . Maybe there will be a fog bowl today . In freezing conditions ,  in snow ,  against normally tough Jets and Bears D's ,  Tom Brady now has thrown 268 straight passes without an INT . Ndamukong Suh hit Andy Dalton ,  NFL hit Suh . RT @ndamukongsuh 20,000REALLY  ?  !  #NFL #BIGFAIL . Upon further review ,  here's the Bud Breakdown . RT @JFF1513 It was 3 single birds and one double . I guess that's 50,000 per bird  !  General Colin Powell ,  former U.S . Secretary of State ,  will serve as Redskins honorary captain for pregame coin toss Sunday vs NYG . Little one day road trip to Woodstock . Never been ,  but have heard an awful lot about . Enjoy the day on Twitterverse ,  fellow Twitters . Peace . ESPN Power Rankings Patriots move up to No . 1 Michigan's past and future ...  Bears have reached an agreement with Phil Emery today to become the teams fifth general manager in franchise history . Someone might be Seattle before this season is over ... but it is not going to be easy . Three weeks of preseason games to go ,  yet regular season ,  and Saints Packers ,  kick off three weeks from tonight . Recorded podcast today with a guy I really look up to ,  @DwightHoward . Browns say it'll be a gametime decision about whether to start injured QB Jake Delhomme or healthy Seneca Wallace . So if I in fact do take a balloon to Bristol ,  ESPN and Sunday NFL Countdown ,  does that make me the Balloon Broadcaster  ?  Importance of opener  ?  The 47 Super Bowl winners have a 38 8 1 record in Kickoff Weekend games of their title seasons . Lions DT Ndamukong Suh is facing NFL discipline for diving at the knee of Vikings C John Sullivan . Merriman I'm ready for the next chapter in my career and I am excited about the opportunity to continue my journey with a new team.Three teams   Houston ,  Dallas ,  Baltimore   are primed today to use their 4th different starting QB's of the year . Makes you wonder RT @heroinmonkey I think the punter debacle is just God's way of telling Jerry Jones ,  Thanks for the obscructed view seat . OK ,  so I'm not only one without Ubertwitter . I feel ... like a recovering Tweetaholic . Please ,  somebody get this fixed before I go to Canton  !  With Peyton Hillis nursing a hamstring injury ,  the Browns signed Chris Ogbonnaya off Houston's practice squad . Maybe Izzo can help RT @espnafcnorth Wrapping up two a days w Browns . We will see if QBs have a better day tomorrow . Lots of INTs today . Cowboys doctors informed TE Jason Witten he will not need surgery for lacerated spleen . @JasonWitten is questionable for opener vs . NYG . Football meets finance Thurs ,  when John Elway and Seahawks GM John Schneider ,  amongst others ,  ring opening bell at New York Stock Exchange . Antonio Gates' #s 36.175 million ext ,  7.235 APY   highest ever for a TE . 39.8 million over 6 years   20.4 gtd   highest ever for TE . RT @lindacohn Next stop for Terrel Owens could be the black hole and the Oakland Raiders  !  This according to Espn's John Clayton . More moves RT @RavensInsider The Ravens have announced that Steve Hauschka has been released . After giving the Giants a chance to improve their offer ,  DE Justin Tuck is accepting a two year ,  11 million deal with the Oakland Raiders . Adding to @dkaplanSBJ's tweet ,  Jeff Pash led all NFL owners through a 90 minute conference call today . Discussed past week and Friday ahead . RT @PeteThamelNYT When I met Garrett Hartley ,  never thought he'd be hero and fellow Sooner Adrian Peterson ,  the goat .  Back to reality   This will be Haynesworth's Boot Camp . RT @espn Haynesworth says he'll attend Redskins training camp    . Ted Kennedy . American legend . Those that watched him throw out first pitch at Fenway Park knew the end of the game was near . What a life . And a happy birthday to Plaxico Burress . Would be great to see his wishes come true and become a free man . The man has done his time . RT @GinoSerafica When is the draft  ?   ...  Thursday night ,  8 pm ,  first round . Friday night rounds 2 and 3. Saturday rounds 4 through 7.Team ESPN at the Georgetown Lombardi Gala in DC to support our pal @mortreport . Miles Austin is destroying the Falcons   and my fantasy game . Looks like the Cowboys finally have their successor for T.O . Vikings have requested permission to interview Seahawks DC Dan Quinn ,  as Browns have . Props to Andy Reid ,  who flew to the Poconos Wednesday for a fundraiser for Jay Livziey ,  a Pennsylvania State Trooper battling Leukemia . Last week Eagles QB Donovan McNabb ,  this week Seahawks QB Matthew Hasselbeck ,  who injured his rib in loss vs . 49ers . Cardinals released QB John Skelton . So assuming Colts beat Titans ,  it'll be Jets Colts and Ravens Chiefs . Despite his left foot injury ,  Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger plans to play Sunday vs . Tennessee . This is what happens when football and forecasts mix   a rare Weather Channel appearance @ 940 ET . Going to forecast snow in 2014.Falcons DT Jonathan Babineaux agreed to terms on a 3 year contract extension ,  per source . ICYMI Before Memorial Day ,  former Army Ranger Alejandro Villanueva discusses life in military and with Steelers.SI's @SIPeterKing reports that ,  in wake of murder suicide with Jovan Belcher ,  at least 7 NFL players have turned in guns to team security . Seahawks said they have accepted Warren Moons request for a leave of absence from their radio broadcast team . Chiefs are suspending CB Marcus Peters for Sunday's game against the Raiders . Richard Seymour scheduled to land in Oakland this afternoon and be on L.T . Patrol on Monday night . Former Broncos CB Kayvon Webster is signing with LA Rams ,  per source . Sign of times Steph Curry will begin teaching online basketball classes ...  And Buster Olney is now reporting the Mets Cardinals game is now going into the 20th inning . Holy cow . Other franchises can only wish . RT @HeroesMemories If Pittsburgh wins this one ,  it will have won just over 15% of all Super Bowls played . Bengals S George Iloka reached agreement with Bengals and is staying in Cincinnati ,  per source . Might be best final regular season Sunday NFL has had . Usually this day is an anti climatic . Today anything but . Chargers first round pick ,  WR Mike Williams ,  is expected to miss remainder of offseason program with a disc injury in his back ,  per source . Brock Osweiler to start ,  Peyton Manning inactive Monday night vs . Bengals . NFLPA scheduled to spend next two days meeting w high ranking NFL officials to emphasize importance of player conduct after mess in Miami . Among the QB storylines to follow this week is where Rams QB Nick Foles winds up . Several teams intersted ,  per source . Bills QB Tyrod Taylor has passed the concussion protocol ,  per @FieldYates . Now slated to start Sunday vs Jets . Jets QB Mark Sanchez undergoing an additional MRI today to confirm what initital tests showed last night   that it's a sprained PCL . Michael Bennett has retained civil rights attorney John Burris after being assaulted by police in Las Vegas ...  My understanding is he should be ready for the Falcons . RT @cwittyngham @AdamSchefter  Anything on Wes Welker  ?  Eagles TE Zach Ertz officially inactive . Ravens are expecting S Ed Reed to play today   not the full game ,  but parts of it . Surprise of the day Chiefs put S Eric Berry on NFI   no  football Illness ,  which means he is out for the year ,  per source . When the Ravens are voting on how to divvy up playoff shares ,  a full one should be awarded to Broncos S Rahim Moore . Appreciated and enjoyed today's bus visit from @JayCutler6. Thank you ,  Jay ,  and think you'll be right on about your wide receivers . Interesting point by ESPN draft guru Todd McShay The difference between QB Sam Bradford going No . 1 or No . 4 is roughly 15 million . Bengals placed TE Tyler Eifert on IR designated to return with his elbow injury . Dallas County medical examiner's office said former Cowboys and Patriots WR Terry Glenn died at Parkland Memorial H  . Bucs RB Doug Martin is a healthy inactive today vs Saints . Bills also requested permission for HC interviews with SF's Greg Roman and Philadelphia's Pat Shurmur . RT @CBSNewsSarkozy Collapses While Jogging French Prez Suffers Small Fainting Episode ,  Under Observatin @ Military Hosp  . Ravens and Justin Tucker agree on 4 year ,  16.8 million deal that includes 10.8 million guaranteed ,  per source . Brandon Marshall in Seattle ,  but not expected to sign offer sheet today . Doesn't mean it won't get done ,  but not today . Trent Williams will receive his Pro Bowl game check ,  be on the sideline in his jersey on Sunday ,  and will get credit for the appearance . DT Howard Green signed a 2 year deal with the  Jets to help replace Kris jenkins . One of the great parts of the job   never knowing who you'll bump into at the office . Hello ,  Magic . Great line from @SIPeterKing i think Torrey Smith should teach Life Lessons 101 to Cam Newton.Jags released S Gerald Alexander ,  LB Alvin Bowen ,  G Kynan Forney ,  LB Teddy Lehman ,  CB Scott Starks ,  TE Ernest Wilford ,  WR Troy Williamson . More Rex Ryan on Geno Smith Weve seen it ,  guys have bad days ,  but this was a really bad day for Geno.WR woes in Carolina Panthers' 1st round pick Devin Funchess will not play Saturday vs Miami due to hamstring injury . Rex Ryan We have a great deal of respect for Tim Tebow . Unfortunately ,  things did not work out the way we all had hoped.A potential Joe Thomas to Denver deal that both sides were working on up until the deadline did not get completed ,  per league sources . Tonight on MN Countdown ,  a live concert from @RED  @BofACommunity w performances by @U2 and guests Bruce Springsteen and Chris Martin . NFC playoff field now looks like it's going to be even tougher ,  better and deeper than many expected . To replace Peria Jerry ,  whom Atlanta placed on season ending IR list ,  Falcons signed DT Vance Walker off their practice squad . Raiders free agent DE Matt Shaughnessy is visiting Cardinals ,  then Titans on Friday and possibly Eagles if no other deal done . Saying that ,  one HC called CB Dee Milliner the top defensive player in this draft by a wide margin.In return for Chandler Jones ,  Patriots received now released G Jonathan Cooper and a 2 they turned into G Joe Thuney ,  WR Malcolm Mitchell . With Sean McDermott agreeing to become Bills HC ,  Panthers Asst HC Steve Wilks is the favorite to succeed him as Panthers DC ,  per source . Bears DT Tommie Harris is out tonight   coach's decision ,  reports Suzy Kolber . For second straight week ,  Dolphins K Dan Carpenter booted five field goals . Carpenter has 10 field goals the past two games . An official welcome to LA from one of the city's sports icons  . Rams 3rd rd pick ,  Utah St S Mo Alexander ,  spent year out of football as janitor @ Edward Jones Dome . Goes from cleaning it to playing in it . RT @bmarko1 Derrick Johnson getting any Defensve POY run  ?  Quietly having great year .  ...  Agreed . But C'mon ,  Man . Interesting RT @busterdogbbq It's a real possibility that next years draft could have three Heisman winners .  May never happen again . Competition Committee proposing that all chop blocks be made illegal . Browns announced they agreed to terms with former Cowboys QB Alex Tanney . A replacement kicker for the replacement kicker 49ers signed K Shane Andrus and placed K Ricky Schmitt on Injured Reserve . RT @matthewjmcguire Tiger can juggle no less than 5 different women and still be greatest golfer ever . What a multi tasker .  ...  Kids ,  too . Alabama RB Eddie Lacy will not work out at combine after suffering small tear in some tissue around his hamstring while training last week . Jets have placed CB Darrelle Revis on injured reserve with a torn left ACL and have signed S Antonio Allen from the practice squad . RT @rstukenborg It's another 10 bucks for @AdamSchefter and @SIPeterKing   The Longest Yard is on .  ...  Sweet . But it's more like 4.36.Week 1 MUT Team of the Week features A . Donald and K . Allen and is now in Madden 16 ,  while C . Hyde is in packs tomorrow as Star of the Week . Michael Crabtree and Aqib Talib are being suspended two games each for unsportsmanlike conduct and unnecessary roughness . One more reason to claim WR Randy Moss team that loses him this off season in free agency could get back a compensatory draft pick . Chat on ESPN.com today at 230 ET . Look forward to your questions   . So ,  Jets are starting QB Bryce Petty today vs Rams ,  per sources . Eagles OC Marty Mornhinweg confirmed Vick will play Sunday.How much we'll see as the week goes on . I think hes in top physical condition.San Diego plans to interview Broncos OC Mike McCoy for its HC job . RT @RalphCindrich If Pryor wants to play QB or adapt to NFL at other position ,  the only place this year UFL .  ...  Don't think he agrees . And now Marcus McNeill's agent weighs in   without a movie reference . RT @AlvinKeels No VJ deal . I know he and his agents are livid . RT @arielsrl Who got ousted  ?  RT @AdamSchefter Cards Vikings flexed into Sunday night NBC slot on Dec . 6. &lt  Dolphins Pats ousted . TE Julius Thomas has a sprained ankle that will undergo more testing Monday ,  per source . Not thought to be high ankle sprain at this time . Bills are hiring asst HCRB coach Anthony Lynn as their new OC ,  per source . Former Chargers and Chiefs CB Brandon Flowers is visiting Arizona on Wednesday ,  per league source . Also been talking with the Patriots . Despite not being on field for practice this morning ,  Ravens OT Jared Gaither is at the team's facility undergoing treatment . Amanda Knox ... not guilty of murder . Released from prison . Seattle's last championship came in the NBA Finals in 1979 ,  when the Seattle SuperSonics beat the Washington Bullets . City deserved another . Oakland Raiders now filed a trademark application for Las Vegas Raiders ...  RT . NFLFanHouseHelp is here . RT @AdamSchefter Link to DUI arrest of Sahel Kazemi didn't take . Go to AOL.com .  Big ramifications NFLs competition committee considering a rule that would eliminate the chop block for 2016 season ,  per league sources . One of the best uniforms in sport Chargers wearing powder blue alternate uniforms for first time this season Sunday when they play Broncos . Great Sunday to be a couch potato . NFL's best Sunday of regular season games ahead . Raiders waiving LB Rolando McClain today . Everybody please join me in wishing soccer expetoday . They haven't officially done so yet ,  but Bengals are planning to use franchise tag on DE Michael Johnson . WRs Brandon LaFell and Pierre Garcon are inactive . Titans punter Craig Hentrich announced his retirement today after a 17 year NFL career ,  including 12 seasons with Tennessee . More thanks to @SigmundBloom @sambrooklyn @MileHighReport . Bills WR Stevie Johnson pulled up on a route during a red zone drill two hours into practice with a hamstring injury . On it goes . Now teams have announced trade Dolphins have traded CB Vontae Davis to the Indianapolis Colts in exchange for two draft choices . Devon Still signed with the Bengals today . Football event of month kicks off tonight in Tampa as two Bellmore JFK HS grads ,  Ilana Gellerman and Mike Greenberg ,  sign long term deal . Baltimore proposing that each team be provided with three challenges while expanding reviewable plays . With wins this afternoon ,  Raiders and Chargers could tie the Chiefs   who opened season 5 0   for first place in AFC West . Despite any Dwayne Bowe sightings and reported signings ,  he still is unlikely to sign franchise tender until before start of regular season . Like both those backs . Like most Eagles . Holiday weekend activities taking Ella for a stroll and playing fetch with Bailey . The test case for why passer rating can be vastly overrated . Mark Sanchez's passer rating Sunday was 102.2 ,  Ben Roethlisberger's 35.5.ESPN Dallas reports Cowboys RB DeMarco Murray suffered ligament damage in his foot but not a season ending Lisfranc injury . Football might just be first in a series of sports battles . NBA's labor deal expires June 30 ,  MLB's labor deal expires Dec . 11. #Ohthefun . Redskins OT Jordan Black suspended next 4 regular season or postseason games for violating NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . Raiders TE Tony Stewart ,  who was ejected Sunday ,  was fined 25,000 for making contact with a game official . Chiefs using future draft picks to build present roster  Patrick Mahomes ,  Reggie Ragland ,  Cam Erving . Titans HC Mike Munchak made it official WR Kenny Britt has torn ACL and MCL and is done for the year . Commissioner Goodell sent memo to teams that NFL policies make no excuses for improper or potentially unlawful conduct in the workplace . Patroits and Taylor Price have agreed too terms ,  first 3rd rounder to sign . RT @espnafceast Dolphins signed QB JP Losman ,  put Sage Rosenfels on the ReserveNon football injury list .  ...  Matt Moore has bruised ribs . After watching wide receiver Plaxico Burress workout today ,  the Pittsburgh Steelers plan to sign him . First time I've seen this at ESPN At 5 am ,  there is next to nothing going on at this place . The usual energy here is sleeping ,  I guess . And now ,  the other suspended players   Will Smith ,  Anthony Hargrove ,  Scott Fujita   also have left NFL headquarters . Not a lot accomplished . Eagles statement in part Any report or speculation that suggests the Eagles are considering releasing Vick are not true. Rest at espn.comNFL now foresees starting the 2012 regular season with replacement officials  . Greg Schiano calling staff meeting now at Rutgers . Something's gotta give Chiefs have NFL's best scoring defense  allowing 12.3 PPG  ,  Broncos have lNFL's best scoring offense  41.2 PPG .San Jose police said they responded to a 911 call in May at home of 49ers DE Ray McDonald ,  after a man called and ...  WR Trey Griffey ,  son of Ken ,  is signing with the Miami Dolphins ,  per source . Devon Still has put out a call for prayers as he shared some discouraging news regarding his daughter's ongoing ...  After visiting with the Chargers ,  OT Bryant McKinnie is re signing a two year deal with the Ravens ,  Baltimore announced . Torrey Smith's SF contract 5 year deal for 40 million ,  including 22 million guaranteed . Breaking The Starbucks under construction outside the ESPN cafeteria opened today . A vanilla latte could be the play of the day . Titans GM Jon Robinson said on ESPN's NFL Insiders that he has had a couple of conversations at owner's meetings about trading No . 1 pick . In addition to his website ,  Tim Tebow also launched his verified Twitter account ,  @timtebow, . Elvis Dumervil's injury is precisely why players such as Darrelle Revis ,  Vincent Jackson ,  Shawne Merriman and Marcus McNeill aren't in camp . RT @adbrandt James Harrison been fined 17%  125k  of 755k salary this year ,   although he did get 10M bonus last year ,  2.8M bonus this yr .Armen . A great read ...  My Super Bowl guarantee Many are still out on town while I'm up and putting on my uniform and eye black . #Readyfor45 . Good luck RT @djmoore914 Runnin ChiTown Marathon for my g'ma who had liver disease ,  will you help get me donations  ?  Bling ,  bling Packers receive their Super Bowl XLV rings . Sneak a peek  . Mark Sanchez is going back to Eagles ,  2 Year Deal ,  max value of 16M ,  5.5M Guaranteed ,  per source . Mort wasn't allowed breaks on his bus RT @MoveTheSticks @mortreport Does Sal Pal get to take any bathroom breaks while on 247 Vick Detail  ?  RT @CuzThtsMyDeeJay You think Packers are the best team in the NFC  ?  Or did the Saints take spot  ?   ...  That's what January's for . Colts coach Jim Caldwell is thinking about playing some four WR sets with Reggie Wayne ,  Pierre Garcon ,  Austin Collie and Anthony Gonzalez . Browns did not cut S Brodney Pool they did not tender him a contract ,  making him free to sign anywhere without compensation . Chiefs released 11 year veteran G Brian Waters ,  who was as good as there was in the game during prime of his career . And SalPal also reports Pats RB Kevin Faulk also is inactive . travels . that . RT @AtLethe Donte Stallworth and Leonard Little killed people . Burress hurt himself only ,  but he got harshest punishment . Travesty  !  With RGIII set to become a Brown today ,  that figures to make Josh McCown available in a trade . Jets ,  Broncos ,  Rams still with QB questions . Put down Dez Bryant at Baltimore's spot at No . 25 ,  even though we're now on Pick No . 23. #nfldraft . Streak lives for the seventh straight ,  Belichick Brady Super Bowl ,  the Patriots fail to score a single first quarter point . Houston Texans have signed unrestricted free agent P Donnie Jones . Many such as my friend @incarceratedbob grinding away on this global football madness . And it feels like the floodgates are opening . Falcons are going to have one long flight across the pond ... Seahawks have placed WR Sidney Rice on injured reserve and signed WR Ricardo Lockette from the practice squad to active roster . After 15 seasons in Cincinnati ,  Marvin Lewis is planning to leave the Bengals after this season to pursue opportuni  . Cowboys released RB Joseph Randle ,  as @clarencehilljr reported . This is the new NFL . DeMarco Murray officially is active . Will be interesting to see who starts at RB for Eagles . Chargers signed former Rams linebacker Nail Diggs to a one year contract on Saturday . Chargers WR Eddie Royal has groin injury ,  WR Robert Meachem has knee injury . Would be nice to see Philip Rivers play with healthy targets . Vikings coach Leslie Frazier said QB Brett Favre is officially out for Monday night's game vs . Bears .. Not just speed . RT @RUSSLANDE Not only does RGIII throw best deep ball of QB's ,  but after charting out QB's RGIII most accurate passer too . Last season at Oklahoma ,  WR Ryan Broyles tore his left ACL . On Sunday ,  Broyles tore his right ACL . Beyond unfortunate . OK ,  time to head back out to Steelers afternoon practice . Steelers will be in pads   I'll just have my eye black on ,  that's it . RT @Bstormes20 Schefty ,  give me a Andre Johnson update .  ...  We'll get official word later ,  but I wouldn't count on him playing . Vikings are hiring Mike Zimmer as their HC ,  per league source . Broncos placing DeMarcus Ware on injured reserve today due to back injury ,  sources tell @JeffLegwold and me . Could be end of great career . Bills today announced WR Sammy Watkins cleared to return to practice . game . Ray Lewis torn tricep   out for year and maybe career . Tim Lincecum celebrates no hitter with a salute to USA soccer ,  via @SFGiants ...  Big day for Buffalo After signing LB Andra Davis earlier in day ,  Bills reached agreement with free agent DE Dwan Edwards later in day . Vikings QB Sam Bradford is out today vs Pittsburgh and Case Keenum will start vs . the Steelers . You're right . @PeteThePlanner @AdamSchefter here's a better pic of it  . Jets and newly acquired RB Chris Ivory reached agreement this morning on a three year contract ,  per source . Man arrested in Aspen after claiming to be ... @ochocinco ...  Doug Marrone arrives in NJ later today for Sunday's scheduled interview with Jets . Marrone scheduled to meet Monday with Falcons . Jets released veteran RB Bernard Pierce ,  per source . ESPN's Outside The Lines is reporting Aaron Hernandez's role in a 2007 Florida shooting is being probed . Bills' RB LeSean McCoy ,  listed as questionable with hamstring ,  is expected to play today but could be on 25 35 play pitch count ,  per source . If Lovie Smith lands an HC job ,  he'd like to bring along Stanford OC Pep Hamilton ,  whom @BFeldmanCBS reported as a Jets OC candidate . Easy to remember this date Len Bias died on this day 28 years ago James Gandolfini died on this day one year ago . RIP ,  both . Ravens trying to assemble star studded offensive coaching staff with Gary Kubiak ,  Rick Dennison ,  Kyle Shanahan . Will not please Cleveland . Vikings' Adrian Peterson doubtful for finale Packers Clay Matthews has thumb surgery Giants' Jason Pierre Paul  shoulder  out for finale . Still a longshot ,  but Patriots have not given up hope yet that Jimmy Garoppolo can play Thursday ,  per team source . Dolphins announced they released WRs Brandon Gibson and Brian Hartline . RT @richeisen Ray Lewis on Albert Haynesworth . An instant classic . Find his comments towards the bottom . Donald Sterling banned for life fined 2.5 million . Thanks for playing ... A Valentine's Day special ...  Patriots are going to be 1 0 this season with Junior Seau .  sarcasm ,  Twitterverse  . Jets said RB Zac Stacy fractured his ankle and is out for the season . Source said Jeff Fisher is making sure he has ideal situation . This is not about money ,  not about negotiating . This is about winning.The 49ers new kicker is the Steelers old kicker ,  Jeff Reed . Can't remember last time Steelers had VPs not named Rooney . But Steelers now have made Kevin Colbert GMVP and Omar Khan VP of Football Admn . NFL has reached no decision on potential pending discipline for Bills RB LeSean McCoy ,  per NFL official . Review is ongoing . This question is so yesterday  we're now past deadline   no more deals . RT @tania0kk @AdamSchefter So what trades do you see happening  ?  Eagles agree to terms with former Raiders' QB Matt McGloin on a one year contract . Tony Romo leads NFL with QBR of 82.3 ,  including 91.1 in 2nd half or overtime this season ,  on pace to be best of anyone in past 9 seasons . What a week for @SIPeterKing . Predicts Packers Steelers Super Bowl before season . Profiled on Real Sports tomorrow night . Browns not planning for QB Jake Delhomme to practice today . Team still thinks he could practice Thursday and play Sunday vs . Cincinnati . RT @StevieJohnson13 I PRAISE YOU 247 !  AND THIS HOW YOU DO ME  !  YOU EXPECT ME TO LEARN FROM THIS  ?  HOW  ?  !  ILL NEVER FORGET THIS  !  EVER  !  THX THO . Packers announced Aaron Rodgers has a broken collarbone and might miss rest of season . Wife dressed up our kids for Halloween  . Broncos safeties TJ Ward  ankle  and Darian Stewart  knee  ,  Panthers LB Thomas Davis  arm  and DE Jared Allen all listed as probable  foot .Ramp up the Braylon Edwards back to Jets story . Jets released RB Kahlil Bell to make room for a wide receiver ,  per league source . Before Pete Carroll surfaced ,  Eagles GM Tom Heckert and Ravens director of player personnel Eric DeCosta pulled out of Seahawks GM race . Doesn't sound like Dolphins are going to sign Trent Edwards ,  Brodie Croyle ,  David Garrard or Jake Delhomme . So who's next  ?  Barring any setbacks in pregame warmups ,  Titans think QB Vince Young will be healthy enough to play . Despite speculation to contrary ,  Pats QB Tom Brady will not be attending Republican National Convention in Cleveland this month ,  per source . Contract negotiations between Redskins and Donovan McNabb are on track ,  just not fast track . Would be a surprise to see a deal this season . RT @CinBengalsNFL With the 54th overall pick in the second round the #Bengals will select Florida DE Carlos Dunlap . What do we think of the Buccaneers new helmets  ?  A sneak peak at first episode of Tuesday night's Hard Knocks with Bengals ...  Green Bay had success at USC with Clay Matthews . Time to go back there ... Marcel Dareus still could appeal four game suspension ,  but Bills now are in grave danger of losing yet another key defensive player . ESPN.com's story on Cam Newton's schedule in the weeks leading up to the draft that's now five weeks from tonight  . Heat is on . Like this move . RT @espnnfl Mike Tomlin QB Dennis Dixon to start Week 1 for Steelers  . The breakdown and lowdown on Donovan McNabb's contract  . On the night before he plays the Eagles ,  Washington QB Kirk Cousins announced his grandmother passed away . Jets GM Mike Tannenbaum In the fourth round ,  we are going to aggressively go after an athletic ,  back up ,  left handed quarterback.And once Matthew Stafford deal is done ,  then Matt Ryan would be next . The Steelers made room on their active roster for Boiman and Ivy by releasing second year LB Donavan Woods and sixth year CB Keiwan Ratliff . Jets officially have signed OT Stephon Heyer and OT Ray Willis ,  the team announced . Alex Mack had 3 years ,  24M remaining on deal and could once again become NFL's highest paid C . Return to Cleveland still very possible.Official word from the 49ers  . RT @MPassantino how about them @buffalobills  ?  !  ?  !  Playoffs  ?   ...  Will not surprise me . Buffalo headed in right direction . It's on its QB . Another loss in Cleveland Browns placed linebacker Eric Barton on injured reserve . Now this is how to wrap up ...  Former Eagles DL Cullen Jenkins ,  who visited Giants on Friday ,  is scheduled to visit Seahawks on Monday and 49ers on Tuesday . No guarantees it can finish by then ,  but the NFL is aiming to release its 2017 regular season schedule the week of April 17 21.ICYMI @terrellowens compares Dak Prescott to Russell Wilson ,  and discusses advice he gave OBJ ...  NY RB Mike Goodson charged with possession of marijuana under 50 grams ,  possession of drug paraphanalia ,  unlawful possession of loaded gun . Bumped into Pats RB Kevin Faulk in player's parking lot today . He's played 11 years . All anyone can ask is a great run ,  and he's had one . As @AlbertBreer reported ,  Seahawks reached agreement with former Lions DE Cliff Avril . First Bronco in the building at 801 this morning  ?  Tim Tebow . Of course . Fact of day Our lovely makeup women just informed me that I am tied with Brian Kenny for quickest growth and thickest beard at ESPN  !  Bengals claimed rookie QB Dan LeFevour on waivers from Bears . Seahawks released DT Kevin Vickerson . Texans owner Bob McNair  . Apologies for being unable to respond to individual tweets . No access to laptop now and too hard on bberry . will get back to you . thx . Buffalo's trade helped free Buffalo LB Khalil Mack to go to Oakland . Mack was player Raiders wanted all along . Rob Gronkowski plans to see Dr . Watkins in California in about 3 4 weeks to decide on whether to have the back surgery . Condolences to King family . RT @SIPeterKing Brother Bob ,  one of the great men I know ,  died suddenly . Back in US . I'll be away for a while . #KnowThemFromAdam A trip down memory lane ,  and everywhere ,  with @colts owner @jimirsay. Free agent RB Cedric Benson is getting closer to 100 percent   and he is on teams' radars .  As only the New York tabloids could do ...  Like this . RT @bboyoneten Wow kind of a full circle thing . Manning to Broncos ,  Tebow to Jets ,  Stanton to Colts . Sunday NFL Countdown . Three straight hours of football . On the air now ... Only one NFL player from 1998 draft class remains with team that selected him Bears sixth round pick ,  long snapper Patrick Mannelly . NFL has changed Justin Houstons sack total Thursday night to 4.5 sacks from 3.5. Houston now has a league high 7.5 sacks for season . Tremendous words and insight from Tom Brady . Good time to follow my new Twitter friend ,  @GregJennings . Looks like two straight weeks that Minnesota will be without Sam Bradford ...  Braylon Edwards is going to sign a . 1 year deal with Seattle . Then again ,  Jaguars are 0 4 at home this season and have been outscored 126 34 in those games . Like his chances better than Ginn's . RT @tyemat @AdamSchefter with his early success ,  would you say hakeem nicks will be a good receiver  ?  Two RBs who will have their number called today Rams RB Zac Stacey ,  Pats RB Leon Washington . Steelers WR Antonio Brown will play Sunday . Jerry Jones not happy with Ezekiel Elliott's pot dispensary visit . Pittsburgh is re signing LB James Harrison to a 2 year deal ,  per league source . Al Davis publicly declared it himself He wanted JaMarcus Russell . Lane Kiffin wanted Calvin Johnson . Someone was right someone wasn't . Ravens are releasing FB Vonta Leach today . More cuts across the league ahead . Jets QB Mark Sanchez has a bruised right shoulder joint ,  per league source . Let's sponsor our fellow tweeter @WAD1980 on his walk to fight diabetes . Just made my donation . Hope you'll do same . Chargers placed defensive tackle Corey Liuget  foot  and cornerback Brandon Flowers  knee  on IR . Stevan Ridley is inactive . Todd Bowles becomes 6th straight HC of NYJ with a defensive background Bowles ,  Rex Ryan ,  Eric Mangini ,  Herm Edwards ,  Al Groh ,  Parcells . RG3 told Sal Pal Shouldn't be ACL . I know what that feels like .  I'll be all right.morning . Jets at Bucs on Sun . With Jameis Winston hurt ,  could be Jets QB Josh McCown vs his former team ,  Bucs QB Ryan Fitzpatrick vs his former team . Seattle RB Christine Michael ,  listed as questionable vs Pats due to hamstring ,  is expected to play . Should be good ,  said source . Chiefs announced that Denny Thum has stepped down as President effective immediately . Thum departs the Chiefs after 36 years with the club . WR Dez Bryant ,  listed as Q after foot injury ,  expected to play vs . Seattle . Cowboys would like to monitor his snaps ,  Bryant has other ideas . Chargers Exec VP & COOJim Steegannounced today he is leaving the organization effective March 31 to pursue further challenges.RT @MoveTheSticks Good news for fans of bad teams This is a very deep draft .. You can add a lot of impact players at RBWRDEDTTE . Heres Ted Wells opening statement today I would like to start out by responding to criticisms by Mr ...  Sometimes a person has to live a little too  !    RT @drdelanzo @AdamSchefter What are you doing ESPN gig  ?   You haven't tweeted in 2 hours . Texans players wanted to walkout today in response to owner Bob McNairs comments ,  per @sarahbarshop . Had to be persuaded to stay . ESPN's Chris Mortensen reports Kerry Collins will make 4 million this season on the two year contract he signed   good backup QB money . Philly ,  huh  ?  Got a call last night that it looked like it would be NFC East team . I suspected Dallas . Right division ,  wrong team . Headlines just keep coming ...  NFL Insiders discuss longest droughts in NFL history following Cubs' World Series win ,  plus injury updates . Redskins giving OT Trent Williams a 5 year ,  66 million extension ,  including 43.25 million gtd ,  per agent Vincent Taylor of Elite Loyalty . Tough break for former Bills and Patriots TE Scott Chandler ...  A lesson for some NFL owners . RT @taniaganguli Wayne Weaver told @JohnOehser that in hindsight ,  he never should have fired Tom Coughlin . As of 845 ET ,  Cardinals DC Ray Horton still waiting for call to inform him Arizona has hired Bruce Arians . The video for those who missed it . RT @HuffPostSports J.J . Watt to Ray Rice I've eaten burritos bigger than you  . Dolphins announced they have signed former 49ers RB LaMichael James to a one year contract . Eagles also have gotten a few trade inquiries in regards to disgruntled CB Sheldon Brown . Josh McDaniels isn't only Denver coach Minnesota likes . Broncos special teams coach Mike Priefer interviewing for same job today w Vikings . A record 26 prospects ,  including five from Alabama ,  are confirmed to attend NFL Draft at Radio City Music Hall in New York City . With passing of John Henry Johnson ,  49ers recently have lost two thirds of Million Dollar Backfield Joe The Jet Perry died April 25.Final word on Vick   it's one of the best kept secrets in NFL history . No one knows for sure . Just trying to fit together puzzle . Not easy . Uh oh RT @breakingweather Sandy is forecast to take a turn toward East Coast ,  making landfall early next week . Latest  . Mike Ditka with the line of the day Let me be the first to wish you a Merry Christmas.Cardinals finished with 77 total yards ,  fewer than any team in NFL playoff history has ever had . Seahawks placed WR Ricardo Lockette on injured reserve and activated WR Paul Richardson from  physically unable to perform list . Cowboys owner Jerry Jones told reporters Dallas has no plans to release WR Miles Austin but indicated his contract could be renegotiated . FWIW There were 13 individual 300 yard passing games in Week 10 ,  the most in a single week in NFL history . Idea of overhauled calendar is to lengthen NFL off season and make football relevant over longer  period with one big event each month . So for anyone who might have wondered ,  Seahawks RB Thomas Rawls is ready . RT @espn Police find lack of evidence in case against St . Louis Rams running back Steven Jackson    . Bengals placed RB Jeremy Hill on ReserveInjured list and waived K Marshall Koehn . The sworn affidavit from former Saints DC Gregg Williams that the NFL presented today to Jonathan Vilma was signed Friday ,  Sept 14 ,  2012.here . My favorite spring reading material The always excellent Nolan Nawrocki NFL Draft Preview ,  2014 edition  . There it is . RT @jharrison9292 It's been a great run but all good things must come to a end . Thank you Steelers Nation I will miss you all  !  Bucs used their franchise tag on kicker Connor Barth ,  the fifth kicker to get the franchise tag . Thank you to @cfvi for being my first supporter @BestBuddies . Your support would be appreciated . Please donate at  . No . RT @Ks88Fan @AdamSchefter you think T.O . is on the chopping block  ?  Chip Kelly said Colin Kaepernick remains SF's No . 2 QB . I don't think he's 100 percent right now ,  so that's why he's our No . 2.60 days after Matt Russell was arrested for a DUI that led to his indefinite suspension ,  Broncos will reinstate him Monday . No surprise Oakland is favorite to land Eagles QB Donovan McNabb . Both he and Raiders owner Al Davis attended Syracuse . Jets' Todd Bowles on RB Ameer Abdullah He's about as quick as Barry Sanders . Not saying he is Barry Sanders ,  but he's got that quickness.Bears are in fact talking to Derrick Brooks . He's more weakside LB ,  which means Lance Briggs might have to move inside . But Brooks on radar . More cuts and more players on market Jets releasing Sione Pouha . Ravens' parade is scheduled to begin at 11 a.m . Tuesday at City Hall and end at the Ravens' stadium . Good question . RT @GregABedard How did that play only take 2 seconds  ?  Interestingly ,  the Eagles also list RB LeSean McCoy as questionable for Thursday night with a toe injury . Stat of day from @sportsguy33 Knicks will have given up top 10 lottery picks in 2004 ,  06 ,  07 ,  09 ,  10 ,  potentially 11 and 12 w no playoffs . Seahawks WR Percy Harvin  hip  is listed as doubtful for MNF vs . Saints . RT @jaymule83 Steve Slanton committee or feature in Miami  ?   ...  No one claimed on waivers Sept . 28 is featured . A chance would be welcome . Former Broncos CB Champ Bailey is visiting New Orleans ,  per source ,  and plans to take at least another trip depending ontalks with Saints . Happy birthday to all . RT @lcplwardmf today is the Marine Corps 237th Birthday . Please retweet for all Marines past and present . Ravens placed non exclusive franchise tag on Haloti Ngata to tune of 12.5 mill . Michael Vick still only one to get exclusive franchise tag . Former Vikings OC Darrell Bevell is leading candidate to become Seahawks next OC . Bevell is the OC that Seattle wanted . Broncos now consider OT Garett Bolles week to week with a bone bruise . With NFLPA vote not coming this morning ,  here is the revised timeline for this week  . Falcons unsure exactly how much WR Julio Jones will play . They say it will be determined by game situation . Best wishes to the great people at ESPN working so hard and so long to put on today's tripleheader US Open ,  World Cup ,  NBA Finals . Big day . Cowboys fear Lance Dunbar tore his left ACL and MCL on opening kickoff of the second half . Dunbar will have an MRI on Monday . Chargers officially added tight end Antonio Gates to active roster will play tonight vs . Steelers . As expected ,  Cowboys' LB Rolando McClain suspended indefinitely for violating NFL's substance abuse policy . Seattle has been fined 100,000 and the coaching and medical staffs will be required to attend remedial training re  . Thank you to @alexmarvez for this RT Thoughts with @AdamSchefter & family 2day . His wife's then husband murdered 911  . RT @MikeGarafolo Giants claim former Redskins and Pathers wide receiver Devin Thomas off waivers . Not watching game ,  listening on radio ,  but Westwood One announcers openly questioned Jay Cutler for sitting out due to knee injury . Nice pickup in Indy . RT @danpompei Colts agree to terms with safety Tom Zbikowski . Chuck Pagano gets one of his former Ravens . Chiefs and RT Jah Reid agreed to a 3 year contract extension ,  per his agent Derrick Fox . During visit to Giants' HQ today ,  Jason Pierre Paul met with GM Jerry Reese ,  HC Tom Coughlin ,  DL coach Robert Nunn . Giants want him back . Detroit and the baseball world mourns . One of the great men ,  and voices in sports broadcasting ,  has been silenced . RIP Ernie Harwell . Rosenhaus I'm hopeful he will be healthy enough to play this week . We've never given any consideration to him not playing this season.Good point . RT @ScamWow Does Junior Seau play special teams ? RT @AdamSchefter Teams want LBs that play special teams . Forget about the idea of Eagles QB Michael Vick following Marty Mornhinweg to Jets . Neither would be interested in the idea of reuniting . New challenges ahead for one of the NFL's great PR men . RT @EdBouchette Steelers longtime PR man Dave Lockett leaving . Not labor related . The second pick Buffalo received in today's trade is a 6th rounder in 2012 that can go to a 5th based on Marshawn Lynch's productivity . It's this year's version of Stafford or Sanchez . RT @MattMaiocco Quickie combine survey McCoy over Suh for best player in draft . Dak Prescott has no interceptions in his first 131 pass attempts ,  the most pass attempts by a rookie without an INT to begin an NFL career . NFLPA Exec Director De Smith about Dolphins GM Jeff Ireland on ESPN Certainly we know the history of this GM with other issues.ESPN's John Buccigross just had a great line . He said that ,  if the Saints were once the Aints ,  the Nets are now the Nots . RT @SprowESPN London Fletcher's 224 straight games   that's 1,782 tkls ,  WOUT A MISSED GAME   is one of more absurd marks in sports . Included in new overhauled NfL drug policy Threshold for marijuana now goes up in NFL . Seahawks and Marshawn Lynch's reps had these numbers agreed to for a month and it took until today for the RB to actually sign off on it . Still nursing a groin injury ,  Buffalo Bills RB Fred Jackson is unlikely to play tonight vs . Dolphins ,  via @mikerodak . Bears are on the ground in Baltimore . Finally . BearForce One has landed . Game on  almost .DL Luis Castillo re signed with the Chargers ,  according to @MikeMcCartney7.After adding QB Matt Flynn ,  the Seahawks have scheduled a visit Tuesday for Raiders RB Michael Bush . TE Jacob Tamme also to visit Seattle . And Lions signed former Michigan QB Jake Rudock ,  who stood out this summer ,  to their practice squad . Denver's Peyton Manning has torn plantar fascia in right foot ,  league sources tell ESPN . Manning was battling plantar fasciitis worsened . More on the trade talks involving Saints' WR Brandin Cooks with the Eagles and Titans . Love reading life's lessons from fathers like the ones @theMMQB put together from NFL people  . Filed to ESPN NFL has decided not to suspend Buccaneers CB Aqib Talib ,  who met Tuesday with NFL commissioner Roger Goodell . Falcons announced they released wide receiver Roddy White . Nice job by @SIJimTrotter in the latest edition of @SIPeterKing's MMQB  . Packers added CB Damarious Randall  hamstring  to injury report and he is questionable for Sunday's game vs . Vikings . The team that expressed the most interest in Jay Cutler in March was the New York Jets . Five months later ,  he winds up with the Dolphins . RT @joshblackatx ATL works all year for #1 seed and gets GB in 2nd round while CHI gets SEA  ?  That seems fair  ...  Unfair meets unworthy .. Boston wins game 7 Monday.Boston wins lottery Tuesday.Boston on deck vs Cleveland Wednesday   can week get any better  ?  Chargers' LB Manti Te'o out for rest of today's game with dreaded Achilles injury . Bill Belichick on @CNBC on leadership ,  winning ,  and Tom Brady not being a 'great natural athlete' ...  Browns official said a trade of Colt McCoy to SF is imminent ,  though not completed just yet . CBS initially reported deal . Packers placed CB Sam Shields on IR . Redskins' RB Silas Redd suspended indefinitely without pay for violating NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . Falcons WR Roddy White's streak of 133 consecutive games will end Sunday he already has been ruled out of game vs . Bucs . Know my friend Herm Edwards is up and after it ,  so I have to be ,  too . Filed to ESPN Players Association now telling its players to boycott next month's NFL draft   . NFL will set up designated tweet area on sideline of Sunday's Pro Bowl for players to tweet . Feel need to tweet ,  do it over there ,  please . Thank you @ryansutter ,  @DwoodNYC ,  @schecktwit ,  @FieldYates ,  David Simon ,  Brad Blank for donations . Please donate at  . A slight setback Ravens' WR Breshad Perriman ,  who didn't practice today ,  is now dealing with a minor calf issue ,  per source . NFL considering one game suspension for Broncos LB Joe Mays ,  who landed helmet to helmet hit on Matt Schaub . At very least ,  a fine coming . Jaguars RB Maurice Jones Drew is out for at least Sunday's game vs Green Bay with a foot injury . Titans believe QB Jake Locker suffered a Lisfranc injury that could require season ending surgery . Up to date story on police seeking to question LSU OL La'el Collins ,  who has been projected as a 1st round pick ...  Uh oh ... RT @pjpearlstone ... On NFL Radio on friday morning the ratio was 10 to 1 against new draft schedule . Just landed in Canton . Have NO Ubertwitter service . Freakin . Feel like a smoker trying to quit even though I've never smoked before . Former Rams safety O.J . Atogwe reached agreement on a five year deal with the Washington Redskins . San Diego and Philadelphia have to be sick about not winning divisions . Each is playing better than any team in its division . RT @darrenrovell1 Odds this will happen again this year  ?  Now trending on Twitter . 1. Terrell Owens ,  2. Carson Palmer ,  3. Ocho Cinco . Terrelle Pryor in the first half 26 passing yards ,  14 rushing yards ,  62 receiving yards ... and 1 snap at safety . RT @stateizgreat @AdamSchefter GB @Det in 1993 season also .  ,  ,  ,  And maybe Philly at Dallas this season ,  too ,  as @mrjoshthomas points out . Denver Giants now have signed former Broncos Robert Ayers ,  CB Dominique Rodgers Cromartie and return specialist Trindon Holliday . Commissioner Roger Goodell will preside over the appeal of New England quarterback Tom Brady ,  per @Edwerderespn . Fate can be so random . If the Broncos don't sign Ty Law ,  maybe they don't release Jack Williams . And if they don't release him ,  no injury . RT @dakotafloyd57 Could you see Tennessee trading up to get an elite pass rusher ,  Melvin Ingram ,  Or Coples  ?   ...  Already signed K . Wimbley . Seahawks and Vikings were trade partners last winter on WR Percy Harvin . Now trying to see if they can work out another trade . Countdown 6 teams report this week ,  starting w Browns rookies Friday . Bills report Saturday ,  then Pats ,  Eagles ,  Texans and Chargers Sunday . Every season brings unfortunate and untimely injuries . But this one has brought more big injuries to more big playe  . Bills WR Stevie Johnson officially is active . RT @Vejurnae   NFLPA is really coming through on that one . Go for it Chad ,  Chris 8515100. Go 100% ... Worth watching ...  RT @Patriots Bill Belichick wants to wish you a Happy Social Media Day ... kinda  . Panthers WR Steve Smith suffered a high ankle sprain . No timetable on injury . Will get treatment Monday ,  when Panthers should know more . Despite sources saying he did ,  Browns RB Peyton Hillis told the Cleveland Plain Dealer he did not consider joining the CIA . No place like my place ESPN for football on Sunday . This Sunday ,  Countdown at 11a on ESPN ,  Fantasy Football Now on ESPN2 at 1130a . Nice . A sidebar to Greg Zuerlein being out for year He is the 3rd most popular player on ESPN Fantasy Finalists rosters  . Vikings announced RB Latavius Murray has undergone successful ankle surgery . Team knew he needed it before signing him . If Vikings go to NFC Championship game this season ,  conditional 4th round pick in 2018 becomes a 3rd if Vikings win SB ,  it becomes a 2nd . RT @espn DA No charges for Pittsburgh Steelers' Ben Roethlisberger in Georgia case    . Worth watching . RT @NFLCountdown Cool story today about Drew Brees' pregame ritual . Streak continues Patriots have still never been swept by an AFC East opponent in regular season since start of 2002 season . Good business NE traded a 4th rd pick to Oakland for Randy Moss and will get back a 3rd   after 300 receptions and a few dozen TDs . With Jets having played Thursday ,  Percy Harvin gets unexpected bonus bye week . Chargers C Max Tuerk suspended first four games of 2017 season for violating NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . And the Colts made this possible . Seahawks GM John Schneider told @BrockESPN and @TheMikeSalk that he thinks Marshawn Lynch is leaning towards retirement.Chiefs QB Matt Cassel still not cleared to start yet . As one observer in Dome just texted ,  Warmups weren't pretty.Uneasy times for Jets as NT Kris Jenkins will undergo an MRI tomorrow for a potentially serious knee injury . Since 2001 ,  the teams with the two best 4th down conversion rates are Colts  61.6 percent  and Patriots  60.5 percent .Philadelphia Eagles announced that they have agreed to terms with DT Cullen Jenkins on a restructured contract . Denver tagging Von Miller means QB Brock Osweiler gets to market . As does DE Malik Jackson . Going to get interesting . Fantasy sleeper alert Saints K Garrett Hartley expected to kick today for first time this season . Always could change ,  but that's the plan . When free agency started today ,  Raiders had a league low 639.966 worth of salary cap space . Filed to ESPN Eagles agreed to a two year deal with free agent DB and former Indianapolis Colt Marlin Jackson . Dolphins announced they terminated the contract of center Jake Grove and they signed guard Corey Procter . For ther 2nd ,  3rd and 4th rd pick in 2012 ,  Raiders now have QB Jason Campbell ,  QB Terrelle Pryor ,  RB Taiwan Jones and OL Joseph Barksdale . This was what Rams had in mind last April ,  when they drafted Todd Gurley in round 1 In today's 4th quarter alone ,  Gurley ran for 106 yards . ESPN's Monday Night Countdown   Saturday night version   now on air until Falcons Lions kick off at 830 pm ET . Players hiring new agents . Packers RB Brandon Jackson hired Drew Rosenhaus . Falcons LB Stephen Nicholas hired Doug Hendrickson and CJ LaBoy . We kick it off 15 minutes early on Sunday NFL Countdown tomorrow   a 1045 am start . Loads of analysis and news on Sunday's matchups . My partner Mort just reported on ESPN that Cowboys owner Jerry Jones has been fined six figures for violating gag order on CBA talks . Very quietly ,  Jaguars interviewed former 49ers HC Chip Kelly for their HC job before ultimately hiring Doug Marrone ,  per league sources . RT @SportsCenter Former UCLA head coach and Hall of Famer John Wooden passes away at age 99. Colts HC Chuck Pagano said CB Vontae Davis will miss multiple games with groin injury . Another Indy loss . Seahawks fear DE Chris Clemons tore his ACL and he'll undergo further testing Monday to confirm injury . If the woman did in fact murder McNair ,  please disregard earlier posting . Changes everything . i wasnt thinking that way earlier . Colts punter Pat McAfee shows Christmas spirit by paying electricity bill of 115 people . Giants announced RB Shane Vereen tore his tricep and is out for the season . Rex's former and current team each is on the clock . One week till Jets and Ravens rookies report . Think @therealdonaldtrump would agree ,  Bob Belichick is calling one heck of a game tonight . Thursday Blitz HCs on hot seat ,  plus stat of week   Antonio Brown has more catches than all Chiefs WRs combined.Fresh off the wires AP in LA reports that Michael Jackson's doctor is going to be charged with manslaughter . Julian Edelman will undergo surgery Monday for a broken bone in his foot ,  per source . There is hope he will return this season ,  per sources . Seahawks RB Eddie Lacy recently talked about his conditioning level and when he expects to be recovered from injury . An update on the sad death of LeAnne Novacek ,  the wife of former Cowboys tight end Jay Novacek . Colts DE Dwight Freeney did not make the trip to Houston and will not play tomorrow versus the Texans . Mother of Panthers OL Andrew McDonald ,  player A in Wells report ,  is a barista @ an Indy Starbucks . Panthers HC Ron Rivera visited her Thurs . Seahawks and DT Tony McDaniel reached agreement ,  per league source . Seattle keeps one of its own . Packers have placed QB Aaron Rodgers on injured reserve . Steelers released kicker Shaun Suisham with the failed physical designation . R E L A X . Former Giants and Falcons LB Michael Boley is heading to Cincinnati for a tryout ,  per source . Falcons agreed to terms with former Bengals WR Mohammad Sanu on a five year deal ,  per source . Whoa Blast from past and a borderline mullet RT @JamesDDickson Old school @AdamSchefter from his GoBlue days   . Former Dolphins LB Karlos Dansby is visiting the Bengals today . S Kerry Rhodes also visited Bengals on Monday . Cuts keep coming Ravens released veteran linebacker Daryl Smith ,  per source . Ravens vs . Steelers   my body feels sore just thinking about it . Being told that Tom Brady is en route to Patriots training facility after being involved in car accident this am . Mort & Schefter's Week 10 notebook The man behind a Raiders' revival.Baltimore questioned NFL this week about why a false start wasn't called on Steelers TE David Johnson on Pitt's game winning TD last Sat . Filed to ESPN Texans TE Owen Daniels has been lost for the season with a knee injury . Steelers' Troy Polamalu cut his hair for first time in over 11 years to bring awareness to and raise money for Veterans in VFW Mane Event.Dolphins Jags have discussed Branden Albert Julius Thomas trade ,  could happen ,  but as one source said this am ,  We still have a ways to go.Packers have accepted an invitation from President Barack Obama to visit the White House on Friday ,  Aug . 12.Vikings gave former Bucs QB Josh Freeman a one year deal worth about 3 million . Michigan becomes first public institution to pay three assistants 1 million a year . All Pro teams announced today . Teams with most All Pros KC ,  SF and CLEV ,  each with five . So Browns job might actually be good one . RT @JosinaAnderson Breaking News The #Broncos have named Tim Tebow the starting QB at this time . No big surprise ,  but Cardinals will not franchise LB Karlos Dansby for 3rd straight year . He will be allowed to test free agent market . Vikings HC Mike Zimmer said a deal with his former Cowboys and Bengals CB Terence Newman is close . Falcons agree to terms with DT Paul Soliai and G Jon Asamoah ,  per source . Browns signed WR Rashard Higgins to active roster from practice squad and ,  to make room ,  waived DL Tyrone Holmes . RT @kylewaymon Are you and Chris Mortensen friends  ?   &gt Absolutely . We now work closely and it's a lot better working with than against him . As if Alex Mack's deal with Jags weren't lucrative enough ,  there's also this no state tax in FLA Top tax rate in Ohio is 5.925% ,  Clev 2%.A break from labor pains How do you rank your top 5 QBs in the NFL  ?   Le'Veon Bell officially has reported back to Steelers ,  as he said he would on Sept . 1.Attorney Jeff Kessler admitted Tom Brady could have handled cell phone differently . But said it's most overblown issue in 40 years of law.Due to Browns ,  ESPN ,  Bud Light and WJW TV  FOX 8  ,  the Browns Ravens game this Monday night at Cleveland will not be blacked out locally . RT @smiles174705 In the Browns' 3 wins ,  the team totaled 172 passing yards .  ...  But thanks to Cribbs and Harrison ,  they won . Dan Quinn said RB Devonta Freeman has been fully cleared from his concussion to return to practice . Browns have drafted Brady Quinn ,  Brandon Weeden and Johnny Manziel all with No . 22 overall pick ,  per @NFLRealUpdates . Bills RB Fred Jackson has a torn medial collateral ligament that is likely to end his season . Good news for the two No . 6 seeds ,  New Orleans and San Diego Since 2005 ,  No . 6 seeds are 6 2 against No . 1 seeds ,  per @jasonvida . Also very true . RT @nolamo77 Tenders are also the proverbial baited hook in the water for a team fishing for a deal to match . Johnny Manziels 1.0 Total QBR Sunday was the worst by any player in his starting debut since 2006  when QBR data exists .Or this . RT @maniacmode Hitting for about 50 mill on the NYS lotto . Texts on Albert from NFL people You can't fix a bad guy ... He is a total JERK !  ... Hope media go to town with this one and tear him up.Carson Wentz is only 3rd QB in NFL history to have at least 25 TD passes and 5 or fewer INTs in a teams 1st 11 gam  . Former Giants WR Amani Toomer is on Sirius ,  saying Tony Romo is a better quarterback than Eli Manning . Agree  ?  Steelers HC Mike Tomlin is waiting until the last possible minute to determine whether Ben Roethlisberger will play today vs . KC ,  per source . Stat of the day In the 2007 and 2011 seasons ,  the Patriots were 1 3 against the Giants and 32 2 against the rest of the league . From @Edwerderespn and Tim McMahon Rob Ryan is meeting with the St . Louis Rams today about becoming their defensive coordinator . Eagles sign DB E.J . Biggers and WR Seyi Ajirotutu each to a one year contract ,  per team . Griese Hutchinson Woodson Champions for Children's Hearts raised 1.35 million for CS Mott Children's Hospital . What a memorable event . Miami and former Bears QB Jay Cutler are finalizing a one year deal ,  sources tell ESPN . Two sides are expected to hammer it out shortly . What's it like to fill Cam Newtons shoes  ?  ESPN's new 4part series Depth Chart kicks off tonight wAuburn @7p ET . #YQB  . Ravens' OL John Urschel turned 26 years old in June ,  and now he is retiring from the NFL . Feels like a trend . Heaviest QB ever to throw a TD pass . RT @jksports Top 5 markets for NBA Finals Game 2 ratings on ABC OKC ,  Miami ,  Tulsa ,  West Palm Beach ,  & yes CLEVELAND .  Seattle was 39th  . Jets have placed LB Larry Izzo on injured reserve . Colts' Andrew Luck to start training camp on PUP list while rehabbing ...  Rob Gronkowski has said he never has spent a dime of his contract ,  and only lives off endorsements . Wise man ...  Quite the expected doubleheader today for 49ers Hue Jackson ,  then Jim Harbaugh . Could be the two men that wind up as Bay Area NFL HCs . The power of football and Favre . RT @gregaiello Vikes Pack on FOX was most watched show since Academy Awards 29.8 million viewers . SF knows where it needs help 49ers expected to pursue a free agent WR and use one of their top draft picks on another WR . Steelers signed former Patriots RB LeGarrette Blount to a two year deal ,  as @RavensInsider reported . First shocking preseason cut Buffalo Bills planning to release RB Karlos Williams ,  per league source . Video suggests Deshaun Watson initially could have injured knee vs . Seahawks . You read my mind . RT @GuiltyWatts No more Cracker Barrel  ?  You've had your fill of rocking chairs and weird smelling general stores already  ?  Just to spice up Monday night's matchup RT @espnnfl Darrelle Revis Randy Moss let up in Week 2 game against Jets   . The Patriots will place their franchise tag on wide receiver Wes Welker by today's 4 pm deadline . My question What kind of guy goes after someone as big as Trent Williams ,  cracks a champagne bottle on his head and tasers him  ?  Brave dude . Ed McCaffrey Football Camp scheduled June 28 July 1 in Denver . Coaches incl Chad Brown ,  Gus Frerotte & Justin Armour . Dolphins leave today on 11 day ,  California road trip for games at San Diego and at LA . Then play in Miami vs SF ,  so three straight CA games . Jaguars' WR Marqise Lee was carted off practice field today with right leg injury . Redskins announced TE Jordan Reed is out for the season . Denver's C.J . Anderson ran for career high 168 yards ,  including 90 after contact 90 after contact are most by Broncos RB in past 9 seasons . Dolphins CB Byron Maxwell tweaked his hamstring during warmups and is inactive today vs Saints ,  as @diannaESPN said . Dolphins thin at CB . Dolphins tried out five QBs today JaMarcus Russell ,  Tom Brandstater ,  J.T . O'Sullivan ,  Patrick Ramsey ,  Tommy Grady . Signed only Ramsey . More detail on JPP from Mort ...  Kansas' Joel Embiid has a stress fracture to navicular bone in his right foot scheduled to have surgery tomorrow . Former Chiefs' QB Nick Foles is returning to Philadelphia on 2 year deal ,  per sources.And now ,  questions about where Chase Daniels lands . Marshawn Lynch turns 31 today . FWIW ,  since 2010 ,  only Frank Gore has rushed for 1,000 yards at age 31 or older . Dez Bryant underwent surgery on his right foot and ankle this morning ,  per source . His ankle surgery involved ...  Cardinals signed DC Todd Bowles to a 3 year contract extension that ties him to Arizona through 2017 season ,  per ...  RT @espnafcnorth Ben Roethlisberger has arrived    . Arizona officially has reached agreement with its first round pick ,  defensive tackle Dan Williams ,  on a five year deal . Believe u owe me 20. RT @ballsdeepagain @AdamSchefter Bet 20 dollars no one mentions Cutlers QB rating  30  as much as Orton's  32 .Ryan Leaf was sentenced to nine months of lockdown addiction treatment . ESPYS to honor Jarrius Robertson with Jimmy V Perseverance Award ...  David Jaroslawicz ,  who represents man Aaron Hernandez allegedly shot in Feb ,  said he refiled lawsuit vs . Pats TE Weds . On this Veterans Day ,  a simple thank you to all veterans who have given so much for us to enjoy the freedom we do . Two teams so far that have shown some willingness to move up in the draft are Miami and Atlanta . If the Colts want to see Peyton Manning throw this past week ,  all they have to do is watch ESPN . Great job ,  @mortreport . RT @espn Scot McCloughan out as San Francisco 49ers GM in 'mutual parting'    . Deal for Dolphins WR Mike Wallace came in at 5 years ,  60 million ,  30 million guaranteed . Bengals plan to sign head coach Marcin Lewis to a two year contract extension through the 2014 season ,  per league source . Panthers QB Jake Delhomme has a fractured right finger and is undergoing tests today to determine how much time if any he'll miss . How 'bout Chiefs coach Todd Haley today  ?  Beats the team for which he once was a ballboy ... Without Kellen Moore or Nick Foles   who opted for KC   Tony Romo is only healthy QB on Dallas roster with even 1 career NFL pass attempt . Not saying it happens ,  but there is a growing contingent of people that believes Tom Cable will survive as the Raiders HC . never . Looks like Texans OT @ericwinston is making good use of his downtime . Looks like Indianapolis will be without kicker Adam Vinatieri for about six weeks   or five games with the bye   due to knee surgery . ESPN stats maven Russell Baxter claims that is the first Raiders kneel down play since 2002   . Suspended Colts' DT Arthur Jones is Jon Bones Jones brother   who just got pulled from UFC 200 for failing a drug test . Patriots will carry TE Rob Gronkowski on their 53 man roster and not place him on PUP ,  per league sources . Two sides to every story Raiders said RB Justin Fargas flunked physical . Fargas says he's ready to play football today . Oakland restructured Sebastian Janikowskis contract ,  lowering his 4.05M salary to 3M fully guaranteed ,  per source . Also 250K for 83% FGs . Shipment of new book just arrived at house . Pls check out ... Looks like good news for Cable . Filed to ESPN Eagles get their man ,  reach agreement on a five year deal with first round pick Brandon Graham . Seahawks named Russell Wilson starter . Ravens C Matt Birk will donate his brain for research . Colts fear G Jack Mewhort has torn ACL . Statement from Seahawks' top pick ,  Malik McDowell ,  who was in a vehicular accident  . Chiefs are trading RB Knile Davis traded to Green Bay ,  as Kansas City Star reported . Ed Werder reports Cowboys will not pursue another QB ,  a strong indication that Dallas expects Tony Romo to be ready Sunday night . Chiefs optimistic Jamaal Charles will be able to play today with a limited workload ,  per sources ,  but want to test him pregame to make sure . Mort & Schefter's Week 12 notebook QBs who could swap teams in 2017.Chiefs signed veteran NT Kenny Smith ,  who   surprise ,  surprise   spent last season on injured reserve with the New England Patriots . As some followers have pointed out ,  Cam Newton unveiled that name last year after the birth of his son ,  Chosen . In his MLB debut ,  Jamie Moyer opposed Steve Carlton ,  who is now 67. Moyer overlapped with Phil Niekro for 2 seasons . Niekro is now 73.Devin Booker ,  20 ,  goes for 70. Wow . 49ers signing free agent to be TE Vance McDonald to a 5 year ,  35 million extension that includes 16M gtd ,  sources tell @caplannfl and me . Coming up on NFL Insiders in moments ,  @BMarshall  who needs and wants more Twitter followers  ,  joins us . Aware of Brady contract talk . But two knowledgeable people say reports of deal being in place are inaccurate and wrong. We'll see . Oscar Pistorius was sentenced today to five years in prison for killing Reeva Steenkamp . New Penn State coach Bill O'Brien will continue to serve as the Patriots offensive coordinator for the rest of the season . Steelers OC Todd Haley wraps up his Doubleheader of Revenge today ,  when he faces the Chiefs team that fired him ...  Ravens hired former Bears HC Marc Trestman as OC ,  per source . Which of these players were you most surprised to see receive the Franchise Tag  ?  If you're free today at 11 am ET ,  please log on to my first chat at ESPN.com . 49ers can no longer re sign K Billy Cundiff . Once a player is cut in postseason ,  he cannot sign with a team until after postseason . Jon Gruden comparing Detroit's second round pick ,  Oklahoma WR Ryan Broyles ,  to former Raiders WR Tim Brown . Is any NFL contract binding  ?  RT @McClainonNFL Andre Johnson missed first ota cause he's unhappy with contract that has five years left . Redskins OT Trent Williams slapped Seahawks CB Richard Sherman at the end of Sunday's game and wanted to apologize pub  . RT @ndarmour Do Packers have backup for Flynn  ?   ...   Packers signed QB Graham Harrell off practice squad and placed S Anthony Smith on IR . Oregon QB Marcus Mariota in Tennessee tonight Maybe most interesting ,  Chargers scheduled to work out Mariota in Oregon one week from today . Headline for an editorial in today's NY Daily News Give Plax the Max . Both Texans WRs ,  Andre Johnson and DeAndre Hopkins ,  officially active . A view from the set where we'll be doing a 3pm ET ESPN Insiders Show . And btw ,  it's ridiculously warm here . Cardinals quarterback John Skelton   not Kevin Kolb   is expected to start today vs . the St . Louis Rams . Kolb still nursing toe injury . I've tweeted my twitter enough for the night . Now going to make like Favre for the rest of the night and retire . Seahawks HC Pete Carroll said WR Percy Harvin still has not been cleared for Sunday's NFC Championship game . Vikings have fired Brad Childress and named Leslie Frazier interim coach . Bears' RB Jordan Howard ,  listed as questionable for today due to shoulder injury ,  is expected to play vs Bucs ,  per source . A source close to situation says it is extremely unlikely the Pittsburgh Steelers will trade quarterback Ben Roethlisberger . #nfldraft . Jerry Jones made last ditch effort to derail Roger Goodells contract extension  . This was inevitable . RT @MikeGarafolo Giants to place Mathias Kiwanuka on injured reserve with neck injury . Turns out @sagesteele and I got duped . As @espnSteveLevy points out ,  no chance Chris Berman is on Twitter . Nothing to see there . Onward . Not a basketball dude ,  so correct me if I'm wrong . But the Blazers passed on Michael Jordan AND Kevin Durant for two broken down big men  ?  From someone on the scene . RT @AshleyMFox In the locker room ,  Vick really struggled getting his right arm into his dress shirt . At No . 227 ,  Houston Texans draft another TE ,  this time Pittsburgh's Dorin Dickerson . #nfldraft . Mark Helfrich says he appealed to Chip Kelly to return to Ducks . NFL announcement on James Harrison ,  Clay Matthews ,  Julius Peppers.Mike Neal still not cleared . Jaguars announce that TE Marcedes Lewis is staying in Jacksonville . Filed to ESPN Redskins reached agreement on a one year deal with RB Willie Parker . Deal has a maximum value of 3.1 million . WR Demaryius Thomas goes before Dez Bryant ,  QB Tim Tebow goes before Jimmy Clausen . Just another predictable #NFLdraft . Since recording his lowest QBR in 7 years back in Week 4 on MNF ,  only Peyton Manning  92.6  has a higher QBR than Tom Bradys 91.1.Raiders and Sebastian Janikowski resolved contractual differences ,  per sources . The longest tenured Raider in history remains in Oakland . 12 Since joining Twitter one year ago today ,  more than 450 people per day on average have followed my average of 22 tweets per day . Broncos told whole coaching staff they are now free to look for other jobs . But Broncos still hold their contractual rights . Some believe that ,  if Eric Mangini doesn't win in 2010 ,  it paves the way for Mike Holmgren or Jon Gruden to coach the Browns in 2011.Ray Lewis will serve as Sunday's Daytona 500 honorary starter . Dallas traded DT Sean Lissemore to San Diego for an undisclosed draft pick . Get your popcorn ready . RT @jv4life13 Any chance Colt McCoy gets moved  ?   ...  No plans to deal him at this time . Always could change ,  but Browns not in trading mood . Joe Flacco has a back injury ,  as @nflnetwork reported . Team does not think it serious ,  per two sources who expect Flacco to miss one week . Early curfew tonight ...  RT @ESPNtheGnome Excited to announce that @AdamSchefter will co host @MikeAndMike tomorrow w Greeny . Teams have registered more points  2,157  ,  net passing yards  23,560  and passing TDs  153  in first 3 weeks of any season in NFL history . Randy Moss ,  Andrew Walter and Derrick Burgess now play for New England Raiders . But don't forget Raiders did get Pats on Doug Gabriel deal . Buccaneers activated running back Doug Martin from ReserveSuspended list and waived tight end Alan Cross . NFL and NFLPA have agreed that the per team salary cap for the 2016 season will be slightly above 155 million ,  per @Edwerderespn . Didn't show it on TV ,  but those in attendance believe they saw Marshawn Lynch complete an act that will be findable . The NFL equivalent Tom Brady ,  Peyton Manning ,  Drew Brees all now scheduled to be free agents in 2011. Guess is none hit the market . Dallas has five picks in round 7. Five  !  Real chance to make some history here ... TE Jimmy Graham and Saints have reached agreement on a new deal ,  as @TheJimmyGraham intimated . And on cue ,  Redskins have signed WR Donte Stallworth . Not good . On this holiday ,  Bo Schembechler used to tell his team ,  Men ,  it's Labor Day ,  and we're going to celebrate ... By laboring ! Blaine Gabbert named Jaguars starting QB . On the play he suffered a concussion Sunday ,  Raiders WR Amari Cooper also sprained his ankle ,  per source . To play S  . Jim Irsay ,  Michael Sam ,  Wes Welker   let's see what the greatest reality show known as the NFL does for an encore today . Great news Chiefs' S Eric Berry ,   diagnosed with Hodgkins Lymphoma last December ,  has been cleared to take practice field Wednesday . Seahawks director of college scouting Scott Fitterer is expected to interview this week for the Eagles GM job ,  per a league source . Just like everyone thought it's up to Troy Smith ,  Anthony Dixon and Brian Westbrook to try to lead the 49ers to an NFC West title . Colts Pats ,  Pack Vikes ,  Giants Eagles means one thing The NFL schedulemaker wanted   and will get   monster TV ratings today . Bills released TEDerek Fine ,  WRJustin Jenkins ,  DEJermaine McGhee ,  LBAshlee Palmer ,  CMarvin Philip ,  DE Marcus Smith ,  DB John Wendling . Vikings deactiave Sage Rosenfels ,  making it official that Jackson is the No . 2 QB in Minnesota . Is it me or is @RGIII seemingly on every other commercial  ?  He has become as commercially visible as Peyton Manning . To avoid conflict with President Obama's Thursday night speech at the Democratic National Convention ,  NFL will open season Weds Sept 5.Wes Welker on comparing Peyton Manning and Tom Brady It's like comparing Michelangelo and Picasso.Refs figured it out . 49ers fumble . Rams victory . Browns were awarded defensive lineman Titus Adams off waivers from New England . First Thursday notebook of season from @mortreport and me How Dak and Brady are similar other NFL notes ...  Bold move by Jacksonville ,  trading WR Mike Thomas to Detroit team that the Jaguars will host Sunday . Thomas with Jags to Thomas vs . Jags . Night before today's wild card game ,  Jalen McKenzie   son of Raiders GM Reggie   received scholarship offer to play OT at USC . Good 24 hours . Chan Gailey said Bills full coaching staff has been relieved of duties . Group of NFL head and assistant coaches filed a brief in support of players' request to lift the lockout . No specific names listed in brief . And the boy is 14 years old . Crazy story . Aaron Rodgers just threw his first INT at Lambeau Field since Vince Lombardi coached the Packers . So much for training camp ...  RT @ESPNtheGnome Best X Mas gift youll receive  ?  @AdamSchefter & @mortreport will be hosting a special edition of @MikeAndMike on Monday . He's tweeting like he's playing . RT @crawdadx1075 @AdamSchefter any word on if T.O . is playing  ?  Be on the lookout for the ESPN TV commercial with @mortreport and I . All I can say is ,  Mort is a far superior actor to me . RT @TBBuccaneers Miami's top 3 picks are all listed as starters for tonight's game vs . Tampa Bay DT J.Odrick ,  LB K.Misi & G J.Jerry . Mike Zimmer did not dismiss idea that Adrian Peterson could play this week with torn meniscus . Congratulations to Dan Dierdorf ,  who came out of his brief retirement to sign a 3 year deal to be radio analyst for Michigan football . RT @dsugita What is the likelihood of leftovers for this weekend  ?   ...  Leftovers are listed as probable . More injuries this season  ?  Yes . Teams already have placed 170 players on IR  38 more than at this time in any recent season . We're not the only ones thinking this . RT @theSteve71 #usa should be in rd 2. Bad calls killed you  !  Disappointed for you guys . Former Saints kicker John Carney will work out for N.O . this week . Saints must decide whether to go with replacement or Garrett Hartley . A Know Them From Adam podcast with Steelers LT Alejandro Villanueva ,  taped just before Memorial Day ...  Filed to ESPN Pending a physical ,  former Cowboys DE DeMarcus Ware reached agreement with Broncos on 3 year ,  30M contract include 20M gtd . Broncos OC Adam Gase is scheduled to interview Friday and Saturday for HC jobs with the 49ers ,  Falcons and Bears ,  per league source . Terrence West is first rookie RB with at least 90 yards from scrimmage in teams first two games since Chris Johnson and Matt Forte in 2008.Like or dislike the Dolphins' new logo  ?  NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell told @Aflanny that Brett Favre will meet with NFL officials Tuesday in Minnesota . Story behind the punch that broke Geno Smith's jaw in two placesAt the heart of the dispute between former ...  Former Eagles HC Andy Reid is traveling to and interviewing with Cardinals on Wednesday . More TV competition for April 29. RT @pwvalle And the royal wedding  !  Don't forget the royal wedding  !  An AMAZING TV night  !  RT @timwong3 Ogden ,  Allen ,  Sapp ,  Carter ,  Parcells . Two years ,  1 great class .  ...  Wouldn't argue one bit with this class . Ultra worthy . Miami's big time WR is back  did he ever go ?   RT @espn Dolphins' Marshall takes part in OTA drills    . Jets signed TE Kellen Davis to a one year deal ,  per source . LSU RB Leonard Fournette weighed in at 228 at his Pro Day ,  down 12 pounds from combine . As the No . 3 seed ,  Seattle will host the loser of tonight's game . Winner tonight hosts the Giants . The plaintiffs in the Brady vs . NFL case have been contacted about participating in a conference call tonight . More on ESPN today . Very cool . RT @reggiebush Just arrived on the set of Sesame Street  !  Pretty excited to go on . Every kid loves Sesame Street  !  With the Jets' early season success ,  it's fair to wonder if Fireman Ed is now second guessing his decision to hang up his fire hat . Players out today include Raiders WR Amari Cooper ,  Steelers TE Vance McDonald ,  Patriots DT Alan Branch ,  Jaguars WR  . No apparent takers on LJ yet   not a good sign for him . Browns RB Peyton Hillis is active . An announcement on player discipline in Saints bounty scandal is unlikely for today . Again . Have to wonder now if next week more likely . Sammy Watkins officially active . Standing outside Eagles coaching dorm at 730 am . Guessing Big Red would be a bit surprised at this time to see lil Adam . Broncos wide receiver Bennie Fowler ,  listed as questionable for today with a concussion ,  is expected to play vs . Buffalo ,  per source . RT @mortreport Riley Cooper is at Eagles facility this morning . Packers WR Jordy Nelson plans to test hamstring in pregame warmups before making final decision ,  but he is unlikely to play today vs . Jags . As @BenVolinPBP noted ,  Ryan Tannehill ,  No . 17 ,  will become the Dolphins 17th starting quarterback since Dan Marino . RT @channukahzombie what do you see as tauscher's impact upon returning to the pack  ?  ... has to help some . No team given up more sacks . 49ers signed LB Austin Calitro to a two year deal and placed LB Malcolm Smith on Injured Reserve List . NFL announced Jets DL Sheldon Richardson suspended for season opener for personal conduct policy violation . What a play and player ...  RT @mitchgoldich Greatest Pro Bowl highlight of all time . Sean Taylor demolishing ...  Wow Brandon Stokely's reception was longest game winning TD from scrimmage in the final minute of the fourth quarter in NFL history.Bill Polian compared Chargers third round pick Keenan Allen to Colts WR Reggie Wayne . Eagles cut 11. C.Hall ,  J.Norwood ,  C.Ingram ,  AQ Shipley ,  D.Reynolds ,  F.Tupou ,  E.Moncur ,  J.Owens ,  T.White ,  M.Harris ,  and Q.Demps . Roster at 55 . Filed to ESPN A crushing blow to Miami   The Dolphins placed RB Ronnie Brown on injured reserve . Chiefs announced they named Jim Zorn the clubs quarterbacks coach . Former SMU and Patriots HC Ron Meyer passed away ,  New England announced . He was 76.Giants beat writers all reporting that WR Domenik Hixon tore his right ACL for the second straight year . Eee ... No Saints for Vick ,  either . Titans WR Kenny Britt facing DUI charges . Lions   Lions  !    DT Cory Williams facing DWI charges . Hello ...  ? Falcons optimistic WR Julio Jones ,  who didn't practice Weds ,  will be able to play vs Rams on Sunday ,  per source . Not as promising for Sanu . Falcons' RB Tevin Coleman unsure if he can play in Denver altitude due to his sickle cell trait ...  Johnny Manziel and @bretiesi got engaged tonight . She knows his goal is to get back to the NFL and she has been supportive and helpful . The late ,  great Clarence Clemons once tried out for the Cowboys and Browns before a knee injury ended his football career . Worked out OK . RT @tunasweasel Thrilled to welcome new @ESPNNFL contributors @caplannfl and @JarrettBell to new NFL Insiders show . Even though Victor Cruz is now an RFA and Hakeem Nicks has one year left on deal ,  Giants have placed a higher priority on re signing Nicks . No words ...  And in non Shady news ,  former Cardinals WR Ted Ginn Jr . visited Tennessee today and is expected to visit SF on Weds ,  per league source . Patriots' TE Rob Gronkowski has been battling the stomach flu but is expected to be well enough to play today vs Bengals ,  per source . Golf reporters boycotting Tiger tomorrow and not attending press conference ,  according to Jim Gray . Reporters don't want to be props . After Jacksonville's loss to Tennessee last night ,  Jaguars owner Shad Khan told the Florida Times Union that Gus Bradley would not be fired . Buccaneers announced they have traded tight end Tim Wright to the Detroit Lions in exchange for kicker Kyle Brindza . My Wish John Cena.Oh boy ...  Seahawks have waived running back Xavier Omon and terminated the contract of tight end John Owens . Seahawks planning to release RB Leon Washington . Andy Reid has emerged as the leading candidate to become Arizona's next HC and could be named to job by end of the week ,  per league sources . RT @MattPomPom Don't take preseason wins and losses too seriously Only Lions went undefeated in 2008 Preseason . Followed by 0 16 season . 49ers HC Jim Harbaugh said to be on Texas' wish list but earlier this year ,  Harbaugh flat out rejected USC . Expected to remain with 49ers . Good luck to @notthefakeSVP ,  whose new SportsCenter show kicks off with an old familiar face after Ohio St Va . Tech . On a day of QB news ,  Falcons released backup QB Sean Renfree ,  per source . Dolphins and Panthers are same team . Each is 4 5. Each has key injuries . Each has won and lost on the same weekend all season . Why WR DeSean Jackson ,  RB Chris Johnson and other young stars will struggle to land lucrative new contracts . Former Eagles kicker David Akers reaches agreement with 49ers . Denver Broncos signed free agent safety Jim Leonhard on Saturday ,  the team announced . Bills HC Doug Marrone said he expects his LB coach Jim ONeil to become the Browns new defensive coordinator ,  as most did . After meeting with Raiders this week ,  Browns free agent WR Josh Cribbs is flying to New York to meet with Jets ,  per source . Despite the fact that his 30 year old daughter Casey passed away last week ,  Jets owner Woody Johnson will atttend today's wildcard game . This doesn't sound good Redskins LB Brian Orakpo to have MRI on pectoral muscle . Patriots QB Jimmy Garoppolo is expected to play at least some of today's game against Buffalo . The best guy is going to play and we fully expect Brandon to be that guy , '' Tom Heckert said at the Akron Browns Backers Banquet . Falcons now have to wait two weeks to hire Seahawks DC Dan Quinn as their HC ,  but they will wait and he is their expected choice . Pittsburgh West Former Steelers LBs Joey Porter and Larry Foote are scheduled to fly to Arizona tonight and visit with Cardinals Thursday . Other in house candidate expected to interview for Chiefs' GM job is their co director of player personnel Brett Ve  . If Colts lose next week at Jacksonville ,  they clinch the No . 1 overall pick . And Andrew Luck can start searching for a home in Indy . Buccaneers make it official ,  release their former second round pick  . Cincinnati is now Reality Show Central . RT @sportsguy33 The VH1 Bengals  !  Can they sign Dr . Drew as the punter  ?  RT @ZMars89 @AdamSchefter @bestbuddies 700  ...  Lets have someone make it an even 1,000   and we'll wrap this up . The first of two No . 1 picks this month for DC RT @espn Nationals take slugger Bryce Harper with No . 1 pick    . 49ers announced that NT Aubrayo Franklin has signed the franchise tender he was offered by the team earlier this year . Bengals OT Andrew Whitworth expected to sign with LA Rams . Matt Prater just set record with 64 yard FG . Wow ... The 188 different QBs that started in the NFL over the course of Eli Mannings 210 game streak  . Receivers were busy trying to find work Tuesday . Seattle worked out former Bills WR James Hardy . Know RGIII's back as Washington's starting QB ,  but ... Lakers expect Julius Randle to miss season with fractured tibia . Good luck to my buddy @mcclainonnfl . He plays a judge in Spring Breakers with James Franco and Selena Gomez . Chargers HC Mike McCoy acknowledges there's speculation that WR Keenan Allen tore his ACL ,  but team wants to run further tests . Jets WR Braylon Edwards has some trouble not this season ,  but next one . RT @BeanieWells26 Peyton Manning  Amazing .  ...  And Cardinals QBs   ? Broncos and former Eagles G Evan Mathis agreed to a one year deal ,  per league source . Texans HC Bill O'Brien said Friday that Jadeveon Clowney had sports hernia surgery on Thursday ,  but will be back in time for training camp . RT @NFLprguy @GregABedard @AdamSchefter yes ,  some tough ones ystrdy . but so far ,  44 of 102 NFL games  43%  decided by 7 pts or less . Broncos DC Dennis Allen has been invited to interview a second time for Raiders head coaching job . Will interview at Senior Bowl in Mobile . Colts will play RB Trent Richardson vs SF . Why wouldn't they when Chuck Pagano calls him a rolling ball of butcher knives.TE help in Baltimore ...  RT @McClainonNFL TE Owen Daniels agrees with Ravens and will be reunited with his Texans coaches . Activities in Washington DC for next two days  . Yankees announced that pitcher CC Sabathia is checking into alcohol rehab . Exact first question to Chip Kelly at post game presser After that ,  can you tell us that the players believe in what you're trying to do ? More at ESPN If and when agreement is reached ,  all players with 4 ,  5 and 6 years of service are expected to be unrestricted free agents . The NFL's newest rule change in time for the playoffs . This one's for @OGOchocinco Hope ESPN won't fine me for it ,  but if I break any news Sunday ,  I might grab Mort's mike and yell into it . Jacksonville traded up to Baltimore's spot ,  at No . 38. Jacksonville debated taking Myles Jack in round 1. Must consider him here . Cowboys WR Dez Bryant this afternoon  Just know they I had a great day of practice. Trending right way for Sunday vs . Seattle . RT @mortreport NFL players will get notice that even first time offenders of head shots face suspension  . Today's actives include Sammy Watkins ,  Fred Jackson ,  Lamar Miller ,  Mark Ingram ,  Vincent Jackson ,  Harry Douglas . Inactives include P . Willis . Statement from Roger Goodell I want to express my appreciation to Ted Wells and his colleagues for performing ...  much . Looks like the holdout of Titans RB Chris Johnson could last a little while . Here's why  . RT @RaniAramouni any word one which qb is starting for Seattle  ?   ...  Charlie Whitehurst . RT @ChiefsandOsFan Do u see this lockout mess over soon  ?   ...  Could go either way . Heading into critical week . NFLPANFL now on the clock . Don't give up all that if it's not for a QB ... Jets tried out a group of wide receivers today that included Jarrett Boykin ,  Aldrick Robinson ,  Greg Salas and Damaris Johnson . Take solace ,  Cleveland . @OGOchocinco also reported JaMarcus Russell would be at Bengals minicamp . No one but police has spotted him since . My @ESPN colleague SalPal reflects on his Navy service and his work with #Veterans #ESPNFR  . Filed to ESPN 49ers trading a conditoonal 2015 4th round pick to Buffalo for WR Stevie Johnson ,  per sources . Pick can become a 3rd . No . 2 suggestion from @scatonato Dear God ,  please let Mike Wallace sign . Eagles officially have released QB Chase Daniel . Former 49ers' RB Shaun Draughn has agreed to terms with NY Giants ,  per @seanstellato . RT @BrocknDanny Percy Harvin is expected to practice Thursday with intention of playing in the next game ,  according to coach Pete Carroll . Lawyers for Scott Fujita ,  Will Smith ,  Anthony Hagrove plan to file a temporary restraining order to try to stop suspensions in federal court . After privately working out for Bills ,  Tennesse QB Tyler Bray now is scheduled to visit Buffalo later this week . ESPN's Insiders discuss Browns' big decision at No . 1 and @McShay13 debuts his GM Mock Draft . Broncos WR Emmanuel Sanders ,  listed as questionable for Sunday vs Jets due to ankle injury ,  will play ,  per source . RT @BroiledSports Are you not big on Cowboys any longer  ?   ...  Still like them this season . But that was a discouraging loss . Gave it away . Washington activated kicker Dustin Hopkins off IR and waived kicker Nick Rose . This supplemental draft is wearing me out ... Redskins are signing Josh Norman ,  per source . Drumroll ,  please ... Cincinnati and Jacksonville officials have been informed that ,  for Sunday ,  they will have Ed Hochuli and his crew . League is discussing whether to suspend Buccaneers S Dashon Goldson for his latest helmet to helmet hit Sunday vs . Arizona . And the vote was just 30 2.When it rains it pours Eagles DE Trent Cole is scheduled to undergo an MRI today on a potentially serious calf injury . RT @jthom1 Rams have also signed 2 former ny giants to free agent contract ,  cb kevin dockery and te darcy johnson . A Panthers official said RB Jonathan Stewart is expected to play today despite being listed as questionable on injury report with Achilles . This NFL saga is never ending . And yet ,  in a way ,  it feels as if it just beginning . Filed to ESPN wholesale special teams changes in Atlanta . K Jason Elam ,  LS Bryan Pittman released K Matt Bryant ,  LS Joe Zelenka signed . The glasses wiper in Jerry Jones' luxury box has been identified as Shy Anderson ,  Jones' son in law . Anderson and the Cowboys did a nice job . Texans QB Matt Schaub was released from hospital last night . He is supposed to be at Texans training facility today . CMon ,   Ber Man ... Emmitt Smith finished in Arizona ,  Franco Harris and Edgerrin James finished in Seattle ,  and now LT will have to do the same . Giants WR Odell Beckham will undergo ankle surgery this week . In the week after Arizona lost LB Karlos Dansby to Miami ,  former Dolphins LB Joey Porter is scheduled to visit the Cardinals on Thursday . Broncos suspended Matt Russell indefinitely without pay . Tom Heckert suspended by team one month without pay . Football's power Last nights season opening doubleheader of ESPNs Monday Night Football delivered two biggest cable TV audiences of year . For those with Stafford Johnson questions . RT @DetroitLionsNFL Schwartz comments on Stafford and Johnson . Tom Brady said goal is to play maybe 10 more years. Asked if he were serious ,  he said That's what my goals are ,  that's what I'm hoping.Something you don't hear every day Guy standing in @Starbucks ,  shouting into his cell phone Where you at  ?  I just got out of jail ! Drew Rosenhaus wrote on his twitter account that the Cleveland Browns have claimed former Dolphins LB Matt Roth . This explains why Baltimore released S Will Hill earlier Wednesday this is the fourth ,  and longest ,  suspension of his NFL career . 10 games . RT @espnnfcnblog Tomlinson has 'heard what I like to hear'    . Another blow to Vikings offensive line . RT @AdamLedet With that money ,  why would a player not want to be franchised  ?   ...  Simple . How much you think Dan Snyder would pay Peyton  ?  Collection time . RT @espnnfl Chad Ochocinco ,  Bart Scott fined 20K for uniform violations  . So the turnout for the Broncos' Super Bowl parade was OK ...  From @mortreport and me Penn St's Bill O'Brien and Texans already have met ,  working on a deal . O'Brien the ...  Jets coach Rex Ryan on why he thought he didn't get Falcons job 2 years ago that went to Mike Smith I think I was too fat.As expected ,  WR Hank Baskett went unclaimed on waivers . He's now free to sign with any team . Baltimore would not surprise me . Look at this ...  Since Seahawks CB Richard Sherman entered the NFL in 2011 ,  he has 23 interceptions   8 more than any other player . Colts OC Bruce Arians discharged from Baltimore hospital and is on his way back to Indianapolis . He will begin HC interviews this week . Dez caught it . Raiders interim HC options are asst HC Tony Sparano and OC Greg Olson . Undetermined for now . So ,  who do you think will win Super Bowl XLVII San Francisco or Baltimore  ?   Increasing chatter that Parks and Recreation is getting cancelled . On Halloween ,  this never gets old ...  Former Browns and Texans RB Ben Tate visiting Steelers today ,  per league source . If visit goes well ,  Steelers expected to sign him . RT @Josselyn27 Pls share this story released by @jeffduncantp about former Saints S Steve Gleason & his ALS diagnosis  . Based off today's court ruling ,  Adrian Peterson now owes the Vikings 3 games checks from the 2014 season . Jaguars re signed veteran defensive end Reggie Hayward today . Texans fans can relax . RT @johnson80 Everthing is good nothing to worry about . Joe Haden's agent Drew Rosenhaus on his client Tons of interest in him . He will have a new deal with another team by tomorrow afternoon.Former Saints HC Jim Haslett accepted an offer to become the Redskins defensive coordinator . Dolphins owner Stephen Ross on pursuit of Harbaugh This was my first interview and I didn't realize this would be national news. Hello  ?  Chicago Tribune report on Urlacher is right . Confirmed   Urlacher done for year . Wow . Big blow to Bears . Broncos DT Kevin Vickerson dislocated his hip . He doesn't need surgery but is out minimum of 6 weeks so his season could be over . Steelers placed WR Limas Sweed on injured reserve after he cleared waivers . Because he cleared waivers ,  he will not count vs 80 man roster . Colts ,  Chargers ,  Lions and Seahawks today become the last four teams to report to camp . After today ,  all 32 teams in camp . Packers' RB Eddie Lacy is seeking second opinion on foot injury from Dr . Bob Anderson in NC and anything else is speculation ,  per source . For those opposing tonight RT @cbrennansports How to combine wc2010 and LeBron vuvuzelas should be blaring throughout the announcement . For those that need their Favre fix RT @ProFootballTalk Favre to visit with Leno on March 4 . NFC North blogger Kevin Seifert and ESPN.coms Gene Wojciechowski debate Favre Ripken streaks .  Seattle beyond thrilled . Won't be long now . Okung . #nfldraft . 12 team lg Charles ,  Jennings ,  Brady ,  Holmes ,  S . Johnson ,  Graham ,  Jacobs ,  McGahee ,  Burleson ,  T . Jones ,  A . Brown ,  S . Ridley ,  SD D ,  J . Brown . RT @INFalcon    Who else was an undersized Louisville player drafted by the Denver  ?   ...  Tom Jackson . This just in Yankees 3B Alex Rodriguez suspended 162 games   one full season . Kelvin Benjamin . Cancelled a trip to Hershey ,  Pa . today for son bc weathermen said rain . So what happens  ?  Gorgeous out . Of course . Baltimore Ravens ,  Cleveland Browns and New Orleans Saints' rookies report to training camp Wednesday . Here we go ... RT @buffalobillscom Terrell Owens press conference from training camp . And the stories go on Steelers now facing a six figure fine for Ben Roethlisberger's behavior . GQ put Mark Sanchez on its cover last year ,  Tim Tebow on cover this year . Sounds like Greg McElroy is on track to be next year's cover boy . Any help here would be appreciated RT @joeysworld Family pleads info on Missing GEORGE ALDRICH ,  28 Aspen , CO  . T.J . Watt ,  younger brother of J.J . Watt ,  enters NFL draft . Saints announced they re signed CB Chris Carr and placed CB Patrick Robinson on IR with a torn patella tendon . Doty ruled for Players in TV Case . Overturned Burbank's Decision . All TV Contracts violate CBA . Separate earing to come on the damages . Browns claimed former Patriots guard Jonathan Cooper on waivers . Texans will pick up 10 million option bonus payment in Matt Schaub's contract . A decision was due by fifth day after Super Bowl . Tom Brady goes back to Michigan ,  addresses Woverines football team ,  offers powerful advice . Vikings plan to activate WR Sidney Rice by the Nov . 9 deadline ,  but Rice still is at least a couple weeks away from playing . please . Titans gave WR Andre Johnson a two year deal ,  per source . Colts owed him 2.5M this season ,  but with offset ,  Titans now will absorb some . Eagles restricted free agent OL David Molk announced he is retiring from the NFL . Raiders RB Darren McFadden officially inactive for Monday Morning Football . Coroner ruled that Bears DE Gaines Adams died of cardiac arrest caused by an enlarged heart . Prayers are with his family and friends . Today marks 50 days until NFL regular season kicks off Sept . 5 ,  when Ravens visit Broncos . Jets have placed S Jim Leonhard on injured reserve with a torn patellar tendon . Somehow missed this in mid December . Wow . Much respect for 49ers' Exec Paraag Marathe . Part 1 Text from family friend who lost dad on 911 On this day take note of what REALLY matters in life . Family and friends.Mercy Mercer ... Bengals TE Tyler Eifert scheduled to undergo back surgery Thursday and is expected to be out 4 6 months ,  per source . Free agent in winter . Green Bay going with Bryan Bulaga sets up Indianapolis to take OT Roger Saffold at back end of first round #nfldraft . At least 2 teams have talked to Redskins about trading for RGIII ,  per sources . Griffin controls process because he has to sign off new deal . RT @mortreport  , @DrewBrees ,  Saints reach agreement on 5 yr ,  100 mill deal ,  including 40 mill in year 1 60 mill guaranteed in 1st 3 yr . As John Clayton is reporting ,  Dolphins signing former Panthers QB Matt Moore and bypassing chance to trade for Kyle Orton .    &gt RT @RossTuckerNFL Funny so many saying Chiefs got fleeced in A . Smith trade considering Andy Reid pretty much invented that . Redskins traded a conditional 7th round pick to Patriots for C Bryan Stork . Lions announced S Louis Delmas returning to Detroit on a two year deal . Broncos trying to do something Thursday night in KC that no other NFL team ever has done  . Colts are signing former Ravens DT Arthur Jones to a deal around 6 million per season ,  per sources . Just in time for camp Titans announced they agreed to contract terms with their first round pick ,  QB Marcus Mariota . Done deal . Giants worked out three veterans Tuesday S Kerry Rhodes ,  and LBs Jonathan Goff and LeRoy Hill . time . Chiefs gave TE Travis Kelce a5 year ,  46 million extension that includes 20.017MIL guaranteed that ties him to KC through 2021 ,  per source . CB Leigh Bodden's contract with New England is a four year ,  22 million deal that includes 10 million in guaranteed money . In addition to KC RB Spencer Ware ,  Colts CB Vontae Davis and OL Joe Reitz also suffered concussions . Chiefs said QB Alex Smith lacerated ear . RT @JonVilma51The nfl has 1 affidavit saying i did it . I have NINE saying i didnt . Do the math . Hush haters . #KnowThemFromAdam podcast with NFL VP Mike North on the making and release of the 2017 scheduleListen ...  Get your tickets now RT @darrenrovell1 Denver opens the season at Jacksonville . Do I hear a sellout even if Tim doesn't play  ?  #nfldraft . Browns HC Pat Shurmur told reporters DT Phil Taylor tore his pectoral ,  will need surgery and will be sidelined more months than weeks.This is going just as Landon Donovan predicted  couple hours ago . RT @richarddeitsch Landon Donovan's prediction United States 2 ,  Ghana 1 . Panthers running back Jonathan Stewart said he underwent arthroscopic surgery Friday on his left ankle . Friday Blitz Which Super Bowl would make for the best storylines  ?  Judge for yourself  . Highly unlikely suspended Saints coach Sean Payton will get early meeting with commissioner Roger Goodell for reinstatement ,  via sources . nobody . Bruce Smith highlights   Darryl Talley called him the most talented DL to ever play the game . Marv Levy said he was impossible to stop.Cowboys also announced Monte Kiffin was named asst HCdefense while Rod Marinelli was promoted to defensive coordinator . Bills and OT Cordy Glenn reached agreement on 5 year deal   big day for OT deals . There is outrage and suspension next RT @tgs911m3 Ben's accused behavior is worse than Vick's dogfighting or Burress . Where is the outrage  ?  Even though he was involved in a car accident this morning ,  Patriots QB Tom Brady will practice this afternoon . Rams released WR Donnie Avery and placed WR Mark Clayton on ReservePhysically Unable to Perform . NFL . Bills WR Percy Harvin ,  listed as questionable ,  is not expected to play today due to hip injury . Jamie Collins in last year of contract . Becomes prime candidate for Cleveland's franchise tag   if Browns don't sign him to big deal first . According to Elias Sports Bureau ,  2012 could be the first year with 3 rookie QBs starting in Week 1 since the AFL NFL merger in 1970.Whoa Bears have sent out consent forms requesting permission to interview head coaching candidates . New Jaguars TE Julius Thomas ,  signing his contract ...  Jaguars RB Maurice Jones Drew has a sprained foot the team believes will sideline him multiple games . He does not need  . A glimpse at the late ,  great Bryan Burwell ,  from @miklasz.Now that the Eagles have signed Michael Vick ,  we need a new diversion . We all should try to figure out who's going to sign Marcus Vick  !  Along with GM Scott Pioli and HC Romeo Crennel ,  LB coach Gary Gibbs was other coach in vicinity of Jovan Belcher when he took his life . Bill Belichick ,  asked today if there are any similarities between Tom Brady and Aaron Rodgers They both wear No . 12.Saints are first NFL team in Super Bowl era to win its next eight games immediately following an 0 2 start . Bengals and Saints got roster exemptions for LB Vontaze Burfict and WR Willie Snead ,  respectively . Each exemption lasts until Thursday . Tragic beyond words . RT @ProFootballTalk Howie Roseman says that Garrett Reid was found dead in his room at training camp . Look at how Brian Urlacher stepped up to help For anyone else to help ...  Please not another tie ... LB Danny Trevathans deal with Bears totals 24.5M over four years and includes 12M guaranteed . ESPN's NFL Power Rankings Texans still No . 1 ... Chiefs released WR Mark Bradley on Tuesday and signed WR Quinten Lawrence to the 53 man roster . Patriots reached agreement with WR Deion Branch on a contract expected to be signed Wednesday . Branch expected to return to NE this season . They ate it and owned it . Onwards . RT @mudkat@ I just want the Favre thing to be over . If he plays that is fine . Just why all the drama every year . RT @MNFonESPN Redskins QBs Rex Grossman & John Beck will alternate every 2 series with 1st team offense . Grossman will be up 1st . #MNF . And to be accurate ,  if it were a six year deal ,  question would be ,  How could two groups not figure out a way to divide 50 plus BILLION ?  ! While the Giants believe Odell Beckham Jr . is considered a game time decision ,  there is real doubt whether he will play ,  per sources . Player most likely to be traded before Tuesday's deadline  ?  Maybe Buffalo WR Roscoe Parrish . Lights ,  camera ,  action outside 345 Park Avenue ...  Three of NFL's Final Four are repeats from 2011  Patriots ,  Ravens ,  49ers . Last time that happened was 1992 93  Bills ,  Cowboys ,  49ers .RT @stevesilva My raw video shot from finish line just as first explosion goes off  . Broncos submitted request to Ravens to interview OC Gary Kubiak ,  who has said he would remain in Baltimore but who has long ties to Denver . With Baltimore having wrapped up the AFC North title ,  Ravens RB Ray Rice is not expected to play today . RT @JBrooks423 Why no interest in Cruz  ?   ...  As good as he is ,  team would have to pay Cruz ,  surrender a 1st ,  and make room for big contract . Patriots have signed special teams aceWR and captain Mathew Slater to two year ,  4 million extension through 2016 ,  per @FieldYates . RT @poptarttG2 Now that there will be no charges filed to Big Ben . what will Godell say  ?   ...  Methinks Steelers will discipline Ben . Sent to ESPN Philadephia agreed to terms today with tight end Alex Smith . Nice pickup for Eagles . 49ers DT Glenn Dorsey scheduled to undergo surgery Monday for a torn biceps injury expected to end his season . Statement from John Mara and Steve TischBen McAdoo is our head coach and has our support . We are in the midst ...  Former Eagles' QB Chase Daniel plans to sign with the New Orleans Saints ,  per source . Daniel retiring to New Orleans . Charlotte Observer joins those refraining from using the name Redskins . McNabb today Its just Monday right now ,  but if Friday and Saturday come along and Im feeling a lot better ,  you just never know. More picks for Oakland Raiders were awarded compensatory draft picks in rounds 3 ,  4 and 5.Tuesday's best at NFL training camps . Bucs TE Austin Seferian Jenkins ,  listed as Q for today vs . Giants ,  unlikely to play ,  though coaches want to test him pregame ,  per source . Eagles confirm they will interview Pat Shurmur on Monday afternoon for the head coach position . If Packers win SB ,  how could Jarius Wynn NOT make his son's middle name Super ?  He could be Jarius Super Wynn Jr . Ever a cooler name  ?  If I were the Bills ,  I would double up on QBs like the Redskins did last year ,  and draft Barkley or Nassib on Sunday . Raiders have claimed LB Martez Wilson via waivers from the New Orleans Saints . And @mortreport reports the Bills will have a 130 press conference to announce the signing of Mario Williams . Baby boy born to Brittany Mills after she was shot died today ,  per Kelly Naqi . Babys name was Brenton Dalon Mills . Beyond sad and tragic . Check out @ESPNNFL's look at the entire 2013 NFL season in 160 seconds &gt&gt . Dolphins RB Jay Ajayi ,  listed as questionable with a knee injury ,  will play Sunday in London vs Saints ,  per source . Bills 1st round pick ,  guard Eric Wood ,  has a fractured tibia and fibula and is staying overnight in Jacksonville . Dolphins Chiefs trade should have been easy to complete . Bill Parcells' son in law is Scott Pioli . Trade was ,  technically ,  all in the family . Browns and Raiders in hot pursuit of an NFL record ,  plus other nuggets in this week's 10 Spot . Today's events bigger than owners and players . Many asst coaches ,  scouts ,  office workers will be laid off ,  fuloughed and have salaries cut . Bengals reached agreement with 2nd round pick Andy Dalton on a four year ,  5.2 million deal . What a bargain if he starts at QB . Vikings sign away former Giants DT Linval Joseph ,  as @alexmarvez reported . Eagles WR Jason Avant signed a five year deal with Philadelphia worth up to 18 million that includes 8 million in guaranteed money . Packers HC Mike McCarthy said GB would add a 3rd QB to roster ,  but he bristled at idea team would have interest in Colin Kaepernick . Bucs Dolphins game officially postponed due to Irma ,  per source . Bucs are uncertain whether LB Quincy Black will play again this season after suffering a neck injury Sunday . Black was  . Former Bills WR Robert Woods is returning to LA ,  to the Rams ,  per sources . Back in the Coliseum ,  like at USC . With uncertainty surrounding Vincent Jackson ,  Chargers needed another WR . The fact they went with Josh Reed doesn't bode well for T.O . Dolphins promoted their LB coach Matt Burke to defensive coordinator to take over for Vance Joseph . Eric Mangini has reached his quarterback decision ... he's just not telling anybody . Dolphins giving S Reshad Jones a 5 year ,  60 million ext that includes 35m gtd ,  per source . On Father's Day Weekend ,  Philip Rivers shares lessons he imparts to his 8 children.LISTEN  . Doug Marrone announced today that QB EJ Manuel will start Week One against the New England Patriots . Under terms of NFL personal conduct policy ,  Ezekiel Elliott could be facing potential 6 game suspension for allegation of physical violence . Brock Osweilers deal with Houston includes a 12M SB ,  20M more in gtd base salary ,  5M in a roster bonus this month . Essentially 37M gtd . Bears WR Alshon Jeffery officially active vs . Cowboys tonight . Colts interviewed KC's Chris Ballard ,  Minnesota's George Patton for GM . Trent Kirchner ,  Scott Fitterer ,  Jimmy Raye III ,  Eliot Wolf on deck . One more . RT @TerryBoynton Let's not forget hero Pat Tillman . As a Marine vet ,  I salute my Army brother Pat Tillman for what he stood for  !  Buffalo's situation with franchise S Jairus Byrd shapes up as one that could drag into preseason ,  if not longer . #BillsMafia . Starting tonight ,  ESPN is having @mortreport and me do a weekly newsnotes segment at halftime for @MNFonESPN . It's an honor to be on MNF . Friday 10 Spot Race between Panthers and Bengals ,  Jaguars most impressive feat ,  excellence of New England ,  Favre . You know it's a weird baseball season when the Rockies only two all stars are ... pitchers . John Fox had coached in 358 games over 23 NFL seasons and his team never had recovered an onsides kick . Until Sunday . #PowerOfTebow . Wes Welker lands a two year ,  12 million deal from the Broncos . Demaryius Thomas ,  Eric Decker ,  Wes Welker . Have fun ,  Peyton . Sources confirm Bristol ,  Ct. ,  blasted with a snowstorm that looks like January but is October . As a player yet to sign his franchise tender ,  Steelers RB Le'Veon Bell is not allowed to attend Pittsburgh's mandatory minicamp this week . Brady's . 49ers waived RB Jarryd Hayne and promoted RB Kendall Gaskins to the active roster from the teams practice squad . Philip Rivers now has thrown for 500 yards . And counting ... An analysis of the Appeals Panel's decision on Friday from @adbrandt  . RT @SportsAnalyst 3 of those kickers missed huge FG's in postseason  ...  That's the free agent K position   better than most FA positions . Everett Golson impressive ... @gregaiello @richeisen . Said with zero inside info ,  but wouldn't it make sense for Jacksonville ,  with proximity to Atlanta and struggling attendance ,  to sign Vick  ?  Real last word RT @AaronDickens Now that youve cleared up origin of Rodney Rhodes War ,  can u explain cause of Spanish American War of 1898 ? Update on Matt Ryan Sprained AC joint in left shoulder . No surgery needed . Falcons now waiting to see if he still needs an MRI Monday . OK Twitterverse ,  don't know how much tweeting I'll be doing on seven camp seven day tour ,  but I'll do my best . Off to Washington at 5 a.m . A soon to be TO sighting RT @espnnfl Terrell Owens is among list of former NFL star players heading to London . More Theismann on JaMarcus Russell He just doesn't get it. Theismann advocates the Raiders trading for Jason Campbell ,  who does get it . There's Tebowmania in Denver ,  Jacksonville and the Broncos gameplan . Tebow is Denver's No . 2 QB and Denver has a package of plays for him . Giants RB Brandon Jacobs said chances of Plaxico Burress rejoining his former team are slim to none. Jacobs said Eagles are a favorite . Jaguars GM Dave Caldwell said former Giants HC Tom Coughlin will be on team's candidate list . Peter threw a high hard one . He got it there . Former Jets VP of college scouting Joey Clinkscales is leaving New York to take a prominent front office position with the Oakland Raiders . RT @sgilby9363 What about Peterson  ?   ...  Expected to play . At an impresssive 29 3 ,  President Obama is currently in the 100th percentile in the ESPN.com Tournament Challenge . #sticktolockoutschefter . Not picking against the Pack ...  Redskins announced today that they have signed linebacker Rocky McIntosh . RT @BIGGMIKE0607 Jeff Reed never missed a fg in postseason and that's a fact  !   ...  He can't tackle but he's clutch and accurate . Redskins reached agreement with P Sav Rocca . Networks just cant get enough of Michael Jackson . His father ,  Joe ,  on Larry King now defending himself . When does all this end  ?  Amazing what a shower and some toothpaste can do for a man . Cards Pats blockbuster from @diannaESPN and me Cards trade G Jonathan Cooper  2nd rd pick to NE for DE Chandler Jones ,  per sources . Tony Romo makes playing QB look so easy it makes me think even I could do it . Spotlight shined on bad also should be shined on good . RT @nepatriots12 Randy Moss proves what a giving person he is  . Has football ever had two off season stories   Peyton Manning and the Saints' bounty scandal   this big happen this close together  ?  More notable actives for today TE Ben Watson ,  WR Devin Hester ,  RB Kolby Smith . Brady Quinn starting could be lucrative . If he plays 70 percent of Browns plays ,  he makes extra 5 million in 2010 and 5.95m in 2011.More details on Oakland acquiring QB Matt Schaub from Houston for a late round pick  . Lucky Whitehead's agent ,  David Rich ,  said his client was not in Virginia when the incident occurred and it's a ...  @FrankCaliendo as the better looking ,  more talented version of me ...  Rex Ryan on Sportscenter this morning on allegations that Jets tampered with Michael Crabtree I think it's ridiculous.Oakland S Tyvon Branch suffered what Raiders say is significant injury thought to be fractured fibula that will sideline him indefinitely . Bears released kicker Roberto Aguayo ,  per source . Arizona knows what it's getting in the Honey Badger ,  that's for sure Cardinals DC Todd Bowles' step daughter has dated CB Tyrann Matthieu . So Mario Gotze goes down in history like John Taylor or Santonio Holmes or Jacoby Jones ... Broncos TE Julius Thomas officially inactive . Jaguars have requested permission to interview Patriots OC Josh McDaniels ,  per source . job . Anytime there's a non contact injury ,  with carts for the player ,  and sobs from the player ,  it's sobering and disheartening . Chargers will host a Celebration of Life in honor of San Diego community icon Junior Seau on Friday ,  May 11 at 630 pm at Qualcomm Stadium . Frank Gore has gotten cold feet on  signing with Philadelphia ,  as @RapSheet reported . Eagles now in market for other RBs . Indy wants Gore . If @LarryFitzgerald needs some help .. RT @jayfeely  . RT @espn League fines New York Jets 100,000 for tripping incident    . The last Jets QB with a lower completion percentage through five team games than Mark Sanchez's Joe Namath  48.3  in 1975.One of the NFL owners scheduled to attend this week's mediation is John Mara of the NY Giants . These talks need some Mara . What's everyone doing Monday night  ?  Newly signed Willie Colon is expected to start at guard for the Jets . Cowboys WR Dez Bryant ,  listed as questionable for today with knee and ankle injury ,  has said he will play vs . Falcons . As @MikeReiss reports ,  Patriots and CB Kyle Arrington have an agreement in principle on a four year deal . Bucs reached agreement on 2 year deal with former Colts and Lions OT Gosder Cherilus . That is some comeback.Shades of former Chiefs QB Joe Montana in Denver on a Monday night in 1994.Notable Pro Bowl snubs Tim Tebow ,  Matthew Stafford ,  Victor Cruz ,  Jordy Nelson ,  London Fletcher ,  NaVorro Bowman ,  Marshawn Lynch ,  Ryan Clark . RT @LSUGelpi Heard anything on Dez  ?   How is outlook for Sunday  ?   ...  Cowboys expecting him to play . And he needs to finish . Danny Amendola ,  active.Martellus Bennett ,  active.Mike Gillislee ,  inactive.Chris Hogan ,  inactive . 49ers LB Patrick Willis is inactive tonight . NFL teams just received waiver wire and there it is Buffalo and Rex Ryan officially claimed former Jets LB IK Enemkpali . Eddie Lacy has agreed to terms with Packers . RT @MikeReiss Former Patriots DL Brandon Deaderick claimed on waivers by Jaguars ,  via @JohnOehser of Jaguars' website . Daniel Snyder loaned his private plane to Albert Haynesworth so he and his family could return to Tennessee for death of his brother . Statistical evidence that Belichick made the right call . RT @Mikefiggs @AdamSchefter was neil rackers hurt  ?   ...  Nursing a strained groin muscle and hasn't been right for a while . To make room for Justin Forsett ,  the Broncos placed Kapri Bibbs on IR . Dolphins QB David Garrard ,  listed atop Miami's depth chart ,  has suffered a knee injury that will prevent him from playing tonight vs . TB . Colts WR TY Hilton officially active ,  as is Jets RB Chris Ivory Jets WR Devin Smith is inactive . Washington waived LB Reggie Northrup ,  whose agent is rapper Lil Wayne . SF will pick Anthony Davis . #nfldraft . Arizona had been seeking a pass rusher   gets a stud in Chandler Jones . NE coveted Jonathan Cooper and picks . Get them . With Jimmy Garoppolo traded to SF ,  the Patriots now buying into the idea that Tom Brady can play well into his 40s . Free agent DE Michael Sam has been accepted into NFL Veteran Combine on March 22 in Tempe ,  AZ ,  per source . Dolphins' HC Adam Gase said a hip injury could cause Miami center Mike Pouncey to miss opener vs Seatrle Seahawks . Patriots drafted Oklahoma St . QB Zac Robinson . #nfldraft . Adrian Peterson and Tony Gonzalez look like they really missed training camp ... not . Losing coaches of each of today's games will be the coaches for this year's Pro Bowl in Miami two weeks from today . There is no truth to the rumor that Richard Seymour has been spotted in Hattiesburg ,  Miss. ,  with Tom Cable waiting to pick him up . Eagles announced they activated G Evan Mathis from IRDesignated for Return and placed G Todd Herremans  bicep  on IR . Ravens and Ray Rice reach contract agreement ,  per NFL source . Raiders QB Derek Carr now leaving the field ,  hurt . Marcus Mariota and Carr ,  injured on same day last season ,  both hurt today . Eric Wright will lose 1.7 million this season and he is scheduled to make 7.75 million next season . Suspension could cost him 9.45 mil . Recently completed chat on ESPN.com with lots of questions about Chiefs ,  Browns ,  Dolphins coordinators . Buffalo exhales as CJ Spiller walks off with trainers . New Orleans signed QB Chase Daniel to its 53 man roster after placing wide receiver Rod Harper on the season ending injured reserve list . List 3 of players invited to NFL Draft Cordarrelle Patterson ,  Xavier Rhodes ,  Tavon Austin ,  Margus Hunt ,  Barkevious Mingo ,  Dee Milliner . Seattle LB Leroy Hill has been suspended without pay for team's next game and fined one game check for violating NFL Personal Conduct Policy . Update Odell Beckham Jr . underwent his ankle surgery last night . Not without those three .. RT @sdjfig Westbrook ,  D.Jackson & McNabb all not practicing today ... are Eagles still Super Bowl worthy  ?  Some non TO news Bengals signed second round pick DE Carlos Dunlap and third round pick WR Jordan Shipley . Now official Panthers DE Greg Hardy agreed to the exempt list ,  per source . These things always can change quick ,  but Broncos not close to signing either of their first round picks . Notice who was missing  ?  David Tyree ,  Super Bowl hero . Going to be tough for him to make it . Patriots OC Bill OBrien has emerged as a leading candidate ,  if not the leading candidate ,  to be hired as Joe Paternos successor at Penn St . The 2015 Steve Gleason Act  . Seahawks have promoted Director of Pro Personnel Will Lewis to Vice PresidentFootball Operations . Losing OT Shawn Andrews for the rest of the season is a big blow to the Eagles . Andrews placed on IR today . Nice RG III bought Xbox Ones for offensive line . Important to note Caldwell told Calvin Johnson not to rush decision ,  to take time . Out of respect to Caldwell ,  Johnson agreed to do that . Powerful ,  inspirational ,  motivational message from Ryan Leaf . Wonder how this will go over Vikings and Univ of Minnesota have agreed no alcoholic beverages will be served at Monday night's game . RT @calvinwatkins Jason Garrett isn't calling offensive plays . Bill Callahan is calling the plays . Packers have Randall Cobb and Jordy Nelson entering last year of deals . Need a WR . Round 2 a good bet for one . RT @DannyDubbb Any Raiders news  ?  its all bad today .  ...  Yes ,  they could be favorite for No . 1 pick in 2014. First tear down ,  then build up . Thoughts and prayers with Jenn and @NestorAparicio ...  Roger Goodell lifted the two game suspension of free  agent WR Reggie Williams ,  who now's eligible to play with anyone willing to sign him . Jordy Nelson tore his ACL not much of a consolation ,  but MRI showed other ligaments intact . Still a disappointing end to his 2015 season . RT @jnsanchez @AdamSchefter the appropriate response to @GMAN would have been ,  CHILD PLEASE.There's also a chance heart valve surgery could be less severe and John Fox would miss less time . RT @chipscoggins Brett Favre has been upgraded from out to questionable . He will throw 2 12 hours before game time to see if he can play . Former Jets and Patriots RB Stevan Ridley announced he's signing with the Lions . Dallas fears CB Morris Claiborne suffered sports hernia that would sideline him indefinitely ,  per @toddarcher . More tests today . Jets made six cuts today   unfortunately they were in GM Mike Tannenbaum's wrist . Tannenbaum had a bike accident this am ,  took 6 stitches . Eagles QB Mike Vick told reporters there is a 100 percent chance he will play Sunday against the 49ers . Once again ,  Saints running back Pierre Thomas  ankle  did not practice hes out Sunday . Yet another official involved in trade talks between Broncos and Rams texted there is no trade done and there are a lot of hurdles.A tremendous tribute  . Might be a free agent bargain former Bengals DE @AntwanOdom98 has been training at @EvanMathis69 's Zone to prepare for an NFL comeback . Raiders WR Michael Crabtree  chest  has been downgraded to doubtful for tomorrow's game vs . Broncos . LB Aldon Smith converted 9.75M in guaranteed money due next week into bonuses paid throughout year ,  per NFL source . Smiths idea ,  too . Darren Sharper is the subject of a new sexual battery investigation in Miami Beach ,  now bringing his stats to eight cases in five states . Cardinals DE Calais Campbell was taken to Bay Area hospital but was able to move his extremities doctors believe he will be sore but OK . Eric LeGrand named recipient of 2017 WWE Warrior Award . What Gary Kubiak meant was ,  he does not believe RB Arian Foster needs preseason carries to be ready for opener vs . SD . With Garrett still the AD ,  it's a wise idea to add Fisher to the list of candidates as Carroll's successor . Correction Chargers ,  not Lions ,  claimed former Giants RB Andre Williams on waivers . O'Brien Schofield ,  @obscho ,  who failed physical with Giants ,  passed one today with Titans . Also ,  Eagles S Kurt Coleman is visiting Vikings . #KnowThemFromAdamBucs DT Gerald McCoy on matchup vs Adrian Peterson ,  Broncos HC Vance Jospeh on Chris Foerster.Round Four of the Supplemental Draft is now underway.No player was selected in Round Three . Getting closer to a final answer ,  but it will be a surprise if Saints RB Pierre Thomas is active today . Former Colts GM and ESPN analyst Bill Polian on Shane Ray When I see him ,  I see Robert Mathis.For all those speculating whether Rams could trade Steven Jackson ,  forget it . Not happening . Jackson won't be dealt before Tuesday deadline . With Nate Allens calf wrapped on sideline ,  Dolphins get back TJ McDonald after next week . 8 game suspension up ,  new contract extension in . With Karlos Williams and Marcell Dareus suspended ,  Bills now will be subject to steep fine based on remittance policy . Here we go and I'll try it ...  RT @ChuckNorris26 @AdamSchefter Just delete the word crabtree from the link and it works . Well ,  that didn't take long . LB Karlos Dansby will be visiting the Miami Dolphins on Friday . Falcons director of player personnel Dave Caldwell is scheduled to interview today a second time with the NY Jets for their GM job . RT @mortreport Wonderlics are booksmart processing tests . Peyton Manning  Drew Brees each scored 28. Elway 29. Marino  Jim Kelly each 15 . She wants me to take a bye month . RT @Tkcatch @AdamSchefter   Do you ever see your wife  ?  I think you need a bye week . Miami Dolphins have terminated the contract of kicker Dan Carpenter ,  the team announced . Jaguars DT Michael Bennett flew to London to announce teams 5th round pick   but JAX traded pick away Friday to move up to get Myles Jack . Cardinals' 2012 3rd rd CB Jamell Fleming is being released today . Texans' Pro Bowl DE J.J . Watt underwent back surgery today and it is expected to be a season ending procedure ,  per league source . Browns are 1 11 this season  in opening coin tosses . Cleveland got its only coin toss win Sunday now aiming for two in a row . Lucky Whitehead's agent ,  David Rich ,  said his client not in Virginia when shoplifting crime occurred . Mistaken identity . See previous post . Rams WR Danny Amendola did not practice today due to his concussion . Hell be tested tomorrow for it . Still has symptoms . Buccaneers announced they released QB Josh McCown ,  the top free agent QB from last off season . Think Geno has real chance to surprise some people this season . Panthers HC Ron Rivera said WR Steve Smith has a PCL sprain and is highly doubtful for Sunday's game at Atlanta . Big Pro Day Wednesday for Utah DT Star Lotulelei ,  who did not get to work out for teams at combine due to a heart issue . #KnowThemFromAdam@DeAngeloRB said he is retiring from wrestling ,  but not NFL . At 34 ,  he's ready for moreLISTEN  . HC Romeo Crennel on QB Brady Quinn I want him to be the starting QB without looking over his shoulder . There's going to be no quick hook.Props to Mr . President On Day 1 ,  Obama correctly picked 14 of 16 winners and is in the 99.7th percentile in ESPN.com Tournament Challenge . Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said Dak Prescott will start Sunday vs . Browns as Tonys not ready to play.Dolphins get into playoffs with a prayer . Or like this MIA win  NYJ loss  BAL loss  HOU loss  JAC loss or tie . RT @MikeReiss Patriots announce first round draft choice Chandler Jones has signed . Two remaining unsigned picks  ...  Today's ESPN.com chat ,  with questions on the Broncos coaching search ,  what happened in Miami ,  and NFL playoffs . And the Patriots are on to Arizona . Game officials compensation will increase from an average of 149,000 a year in 2011 to 173,000 in 2013 ,  rising to 205,000 by 2019.Lots of comparisons these days between NBA and NFL contracts . No question NBA contracts are astounding and ...  49ers placed RB Marcus Lattimore on reserveNFI ,  sidelining him for at least six regular season games ,  per league source . With Latavius Murray signing in Minnesota ,  Adrian Peterson officially will be moving on from Vikings.And now ,  Oakland has a RB opening ... Jay Gruden says Colt McCoy will get starter reps this week can't rule out RG3 for Monday at Dallas but he needs to be 100%.Eagles FS Marlin Jackson signed a two year deal worth up to 6 million with Philly ,  including 2 million this season . Free agent QB Brian Hoyer plans to wait to see how draft plays out this week before choosing where to sign ,  per source . And so after the Browns took Myles Garrett and Jabrill Peppers ,  they now will head to camp with Cody Kessler projected to start at QB . Also respect Troy Polamalu ,  Ed Reed ,  Osi Umenyiora ,  Adrian Peterson ,  Jason Witten ,  Darren Sharper ,  Drew Brees and too many others to count . Not just Milliner . Teams have investigated Chance Warmack's rt shoulder ,  DJ Fluker's left shoulder ,  Eddie Lacy's toe ,  Jesse Williams' knee . New York must be getting ready for camp Giants reached agreement with second round pick Linval Joseph on a four year deal . Am told @sanjayguptaCNN delivered an unparalleled commencement speech at Michigan . If anyone has text or link ,  please send along . you  !  Somebody explain to me how the Bears trade for WR Brandon Marshall when they don't have first  or second round picks . Not happening . Here's what some in the States say about India . RT @matthewjmcguire 28 years to wait for a championship ... that's nothing . Signed Cleveland . RT @EricStangel will we get the scheftermortenson guide to highway food after this trip  ?  i smell a blog  !   ...  Smelled a lot worse this trip . Eagles OL Shawn Andrews underwent back surgery today . Dr . Robert Watkins said ,  the prognosis is very good that he will return to play.Bengals WR A.J . Green wants to play through his knee injury today ,  but Cincinnati is having its team doctors make final call . Touche  !  RT @RyanCook13 Maybe we should ask the Steeler if they still play baseball in Pittsburgh  ?  I bet we reach the same answer . While some on the West Coast might have just gone to bed ,  we here on East Coast are up and Adam . Sunday Countdown underway . Can only hope that whichever team claims Randy Moss has better post practice food than the Vikings . Dolphins signed S Reshad Jones to a four year ,  30 million extension . Former Vikings' OT Matt Kalil expected to sign with brother Ryan's Panthers if no snags in final talks ,  per sources . Kalil brother reunion . Dolphins signed former Bears QB David Fales to backup Matt Moore ,  per source . Read this and see if Tom Cable needed to be dragged through the mud RT @mrgoodwords  Official Release On Cable  . Congratulations to @Espngreeny and @espngolic on one of the all time ,  Halll of Fame runs in talk radio history . Sad  . RT @GeorgeAtallah Cleveland take heart . Browns training camp is first to open ,  1 week from today . Full schedules here  . Why does nobody tell me these things  ?  !  Really wish I were there . RT @kingsthings I'll be at ESPN all day Wed . Doing radio ,  TV & web chat  !  Chris Polian is yet another John Carroll U grad ,  along with Josh McDaniels ,  Nick Caserio ,  London Fletcher and Don Shula, . How Dallas almost missed on Dak  over and over . Cardinals signed WR Ted Ginn Jr . And LB Matt Shaughnessy . Oakland cut QB Trent Edwards and LB Sam Williams . Buccaneers' HC Dirk Koetter dismissed TE Austin Seferian Jenkins from practice during practice today ... Thank you for passing along update on Falcons' newest LB . RT @rodmonium91 Here's 60 Minutes episode on Brian Banks   . RT @matthewjmcguire Good god ... enough with the kicker talk . Let's talk about long snappers already .  ...  Saving them for tomorrow .  Colts owner Jim Irsay pled guilty Tuesday to one misdemeanor count of operating a vehicle while intoxicated . Next up ,  NFL ... More on the Browns hiring of new GM John Dorsey . To support those impacted by #Harvey ,  please donate at  . Last time Jets and Ryan Fitzpatrick had any meaningful talks was ,  in words of one source ,  weeks ago.Some must see TV . RT @tunasweasel Don't miss C'mon Man of the Year at halftime . Great stuff . Win was Tom Coughlins sixth on the road in the postseason ,  one shy of Tom Landry for the most by a head coach in NFL history . #Firehim  ?  Notable actives WR Danny Amendola ,  CB Jimmy Smith . Inactive WRs Jordy Nelson and Donald Driver ,  G Marshal Yanda ,  LB Dannell Ellerbe . Giants QB Eli Manning Im 100 percent . I had a full practice today ,  I did everything ,  took every rep . I feel good.RT @Phoenix138 are you sure that's tomato sauce  ?  Is this motel named Bates by any chance  ?  Round Two of the Supplemental Draft is now underway.No player was selected in Round One.Thoughts on Brady ,  Manning ,  Favre ,  and other topics heading into Sunday's matchups . Here's Friday's 10 spot  . To acquire Adam Carricker ,  Washington swapped spots with St . Louis in the 5th round for the pick the Rams had from the Eagles . Look for the two strongest players at the combine to turn out to be Michigan men center David Molk and DT Mike Martin . A blow to Pittsburgh Steelers DE Aaron Smith tore his triceps during today's win in Miami .. LB James Harrison tweeted goodbye to Cincinnati . Bengals and Harrison have spoken but he has not been released yet . More talks coming . RT @BobGlauber @AdamSchefter Any gut feeling on where Shanahan ends up  ?   ...  I suspect Mike will have choices . Celebrate ... contemplate ... appreciate.Merry Christmas . Steelers DE Aaron Smith  triceps  will undergo an MRI by Wednesday to help determine whether he can play in Super Bowl XLV . RT @KtheBESTwayW hey my man any way to Seahawks go after V Jax now that Branch is gone  ?   ...  Don't see it . Time to turn to its WR youth . RT @MikeGarafolo Osi Umenyiora has made his first visit . It was today with the Atlanta Falcons . No word on a signing yet . I have been awaiting any offers   any   the past decade . RT @MicahTraurig @AdamSchefter will u ever act in another movie  ?  And now Steelers draft Oklahoma QB Landry Jones . Prince Amukamara signs with Bears ,  per @JordanRaanan . Jerry Sandusky's son Jeffrey charged with child sexual abuse . As @JayGlazer reported ,  Dolphins have released WR Chad Johnson . Bucs finalized a trade of S Mark Barron to Rams ,  per source . Here's a shocker Packers cut LB A.J . Hawk today . RT @AtlantaFalcons The #Falcons have named quarterbacks coach Bill Musgrave assistant head coach . Filed to ESPN Matt Leinart has reached agreement with the Texans on a one year deal . Check that For WR Greg Salas ,  the Patriots surrendered a late round puck in 2015.At this time last week ,  Miami would not have believed this next sentence Ted Ginn was named the AFC Special Teams Player of the Week . Seahawks expect RB Marshawn Lynch to return Sunday against Panthers ...  It's Marc Trestman ,  with 'c'. But neither he ,  nor Lovie ,  nor Ditka could match Wannstedt's 12 13 record in his first 25 games as Bears HC . Michael Crabtree suspension reduced to one game ,  per source . RT @SIRossTucker Final cut day in NFL . Been retired 3 years & thought of it still makes me sick . Hundreds of lifelong dreams crushed today . Got a text from 10 minuts ago Colts signed Andrew Luck . If it's not RB Chris Brown costing the Texans vs . the Jaguars ,  it's K Kris Brown costing the Texans vs . the Colts . Eagles today announced they have signed CB Ellis Hobbs and LB Chris Gocong each to one year contracts . Sure and divorced spouses can remarry ,  too RT @BirgerBoy Are the 49'ers even allowed to draft Crabtree again  ?  Bills placed DE Shaq Lawson & WR Jordan Matthews on IR . Colts activated nose tackle Josh Chapman from the ReserveNon Football Injury List and placed cornerback Jerraud Powers on Injured Reserve . Patriots RB Dion Lewis plans to play with abdomen injury that has him listed as questionable ,  but they want to test it pregame to make sure . Bears signed KRWRs Armanti Edwards and Micheal Spurlock ,  terminated contract of vested veteran WR Domenik Hixon with an injury settlement . Hope that link works because it's a great Crabtree read ..  NFL's 20 page decision to uphold Tom Brady's suspension  . There's a reason I picked them to as a wild card RT @DiddyGotGrillz not only Odom ,  the ENTIRE Bengals D has been great . Team should be 2 0 . Even Raiders fans sound like they agree with Joey T RT @rnstrong Any member of Raider Nation has been able to tell you that for a while now . For those that missed the finest pick announcement in draft history ... Drew Pearson.Bengals officially designated DE Michael Johnson as the teams franchise player . RT @WhoDatOH @AdamSchefter Every tweet that has #beatcancer today raises money for cancer research   they're going for a world record . Former Saints interim head coach Aaron Kromer has accepted the offensive coordinator and offensive line coach job with the Chicago Bears . Aaron Rodgers collected 17.5 votes of the 20 Super Bowl MVP votes . Packers WR Jordy Nelson collected 2.5 votes ,  LB Clay Matthews got .5.Coach Ditka ,  on C'mon ,  Man ,  about Antonio Brown jumping spread eagle into goalpost C'mon ,  man  !  You're going to have no love life.RT @MikeReiss NFL source says Brandon Meriweather will be fined 50,000 for two helmet to helmet hits . No suspension . Those that knew Gaines Adams say he was a great young man from a great family . It doesn't change that he's gone too soon . A life sentence for the man convicted in the killing of brother of Bucs LB Kwon Alexander ...  With Brian Urlacher now supposedly out for the year ,  tell me it doesn't make sense for Bears and Lovie Smith to go sign Derrick Brooks . So Rob Gronkowski and Danny Amendola could be back in next couple weeks ,  Julian Edelman by end of season . By playoffs ,  Patriots healthier . Bills coach Dick Jauron and Colts GM Bill Polian also attending tonight's induction ceremony . Truce ,  @tthasselbeck  !  The next step in a season long saga ...  RT @NFLFanHouse Jimmy V speech on ESPN channels right now . I'd recommend tuning in . RT @BobHoltzmanESPN Browns player we're all expecting Hoyer to start week 1.  Feeling is Pettine announces WELL BEFORE 3rd preseason gm . Jets announced GM John Idzik and HC Rex Ryan have been fired . Browns re signed TE Jordan Cameron to 2 year ,  15 million deal ,  as @RapSheet and @RandGetlin reported . RT @KaMitchell55 Didn't change opinion just sayin I'll handle it differently for now on .  ...  Glad you didn't say you were mis RTweeted . Steelers free agent RB Willie Parker is scheduled to visit the Rams on Thursday and Friday . Parker already has visited with the Redskins . Bucs LB Kwon Alexander ,  listed as questionable for today's game vs Bears due to illness ,  is expected to play ,  per source . Bears requested permission today to interview Ravens director of player personnel Eric DeCosta for Chicago's general manager job . Friday 10 Spot Cam Newton ,  Von Miller ,  top picks making biggest impact any rookie class has ,  plus NFL nuggets  . Welcome back ,  football . More words of wisdom on Lane Kiffin . RT @48hangover info please ,   ...  Leah Siegel is fighting a fatal disease . She has three young children . Trying to raise funds for them . Baltimore is on hook to pay Trevor Pryce his 2 million in guaranteed salary ,  plus whatever Jets have paid him on his new one year deal . It took one series to realize this Aaron Rodgers and the Packers are ready for Drew Brees and the Saints . Philip Rivers' commute from San Diego to LA allows him to stay home in a unique way ...  As @mortreport reported on Sat edition of NFL Countdown ,  Colts plan to use the No . 1 pick on Stanford QB Andrew Luck . So who is my No . 1 pick in the No . 1 spot in our ESPN 16 team PPR fantasy football league  ?  This sums it up RT @espnnfl Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger blames off field problems on being young ,  dumb ,  immature  . Texans' HC Bill O'Brien said QB Ryan Mallett will start Houston's second preseason game this week vs . Denver . Oops ,  @sportsguy33 ,  that was supposed to be a DM . My bad .  Friday Blitz Buccaneers ,  Dolphins ,  Jaguars have plenty in common . Jets scheduled to have have a league high 9 of the 156 picks today . Browns have just 2 ,  the fewest of any franchise . From @mortreport and me Peyton Manning will become the next quarterback of the Denver Broncos ,  barring unexpected snag in contract talks . Friday 10 Spot A little training camp preview . After That off season ,  what can be next for this regular season  ?   Saints worked out former Browns and Seahawks QB Seneca Wallace . Detroit worked out a group that Included former Lions RB Kevin Smith ,  former Cowboys G Leonard Davis ,  former Steelers WR Antwaan Randle El . This would enable Denver to be able to trade OT Ryan Clady ...  Dolphins first round pick Jared Odrick signed a five year ,  13 million deal that included 7.134 million in guaranteed money . Russell Wilson has a Total QBR of 97.0 the last 3 weeks ,  17 points higher than anyone else in the NFL . RT @GRN71 who do you have winning the #euro2012 ?   ...  Whoever Ballack tells me . Always lean on those in the know . Rashard Mendenall ,  James Harrison ,  Troy Polamalu all officially active . Jonathan Dwyer inactive . At No . 121 ,  Eagles go defense again   OU LB Keenan Clayton . #nfldraft . A draft timeout for this ...  Bucs co chairman Joel Glazer on report the team is for sale The report today by WDAE's Dan Sileo about our family is 100 percent false.RT @espn Dodgers announcer Vin Scully coming back in 2011    . Brandon Marshall is first Jet with four consecutive 100 yard receiving games in a season since Hall of Famer Don Maynard did it in 1968.RT @MarkSanchez @nickmangold put 100% lemon lime juice in D Linemen water bottles  !  this was right after their running  . No big surprise ,  but Broncos' QB Trevor Siemian will start tonight vs Chargers after missing Sunday's game vs Falcons with shoulder injury . Highest pick to date has agreed to terms LB Luke Kuechly and Carolina agreed to a 4 year ,  12.58 million deal ,  all guaranteed . Lawrence Timmons visiting the Dolphins on Friday ,  per source . Cards QB Carson Palmer told azcentral sports his right shoulder is finally responding to treatment and he's close to being back to 100%.Not rooting for Wisconsin nor Kentucky ,  but c'mon ,  refs . Terrible a game of this magnitude gets terrible refereeing . OK ,  @OGOchoCinco would be proud . We are dining in Albany tonight at Cracker Barrel . No practice today for either Jets WR Braylon Edwards  knee  or Colts WR Pierre Garcon  hand .More Notre Dame chatter  why am I doing this ?   Tony Dungy not interested ,  ND not interested in Brian Kelly ,  hire will have defensive resume . Broncos LB Von Miller tried to beat drug testing procedures with help of the collector . Rams ,  Jags and Bills all expected to interview Cardinals offensive coordinator Harold Goodwin for their head coaching job ,  per sources . Jets have made calls today to multiple teams to try to move up from 39th spot in second round to draft QB . Debated Geno Smith at No . 13.2020 Super Bowl will be played in South Florida . Classy gesture from @SIPeterKing . Please send best wishes to Rutgers DT Eric LeGrand ,  who was paralyzed Sat vs . Army   . Regarding Draft Day will tweet behind the scenes notes and added perspective to complement ,  not spoil ,  ESPN's broadcast . Bucs WR Mike Evans wants to play and will test it pregame ,  but Lovie Smith always extra cautious with hamstring injuries and hopes not high . RT @KevtheCloser What's a possible trade for Asante Samuel  ?   ...  Don't see Eagles entertaining offers of anything less than a 1 or 2 2's . Most interesting part of Tampa trading Mike Williams to Buffalo for a 6th Bills HC Doug Marrone once kicked Williams off team at Syracuse . Chiefs lead the NFL in turnover margin this year  11 . Last year ,  they were tied for last in the NFL at  24.Former Steelers CB Keenan Lewis reached agreement with Saints on five year deal with max value of 26.3 million ,  including 10.5 mil gtd . In back to back weeks ,  Vikings' D held Kelvin Benjamin to career low 0 yards ,  then Odell Beckham Jr . to 23 yards.Next up DeAndre Hopkins . So Ravens RB Ray Rice now will miss opening games against AFC North foes Cincinnati and Pittsburgh . Until today ,  never heard of NJIT ... According to the Elias Sports Bureau ,  the last time an NFL game was played on a Tuesday was October 1 ,  1946   NY Giants vs . Boston Yanks . Oakland will trade for Seahawks QB Matt Flynn ,  as @JayGlazer reported . Deal will be for two picks   one this year  a conditional pick in 14 . Texans HC search is underway and team owner Bob McNair said some of candidates are working with teams . Steelers announced They have activated guard David DeCastro from the ReserveInjured Designated to Return List . NFL hopes to relax penalties for excessive celebrations ,  per @kevinseifert.Falcons being investigated for piping artificial crowd noise into their stadium the past two seasons ,  per ...  Browns ARE busy today . They're discussing their GM job with Eagles GM Tom Heckert ,  who is in Cleveland today . A fair description . RT @MarkMaske An agreement in principle by the end of the day remains possible . But it's far from a certainty . Stat of week ...  RT @ESPNStatsInfo Ray Lewis has 41.5 career sacks . The first one  ?  Jim Harbaugh . Hardly a huge surprise ,  but still Bills' RB LeSean McCoy ,  nursing a hamstring injury ,  is out Sunday vs Patriots ,  per source . Drive to airport ,  check in for US Air flight to Syracuse ,  get to gate ,  flight cancelled . No more flights . Thanks for coming . Sorry ,  Plaxico . Did not make it . RT @kmac3324 @AdamSchefter Is Graham Gano stil with the Ravens  ?  an inquiring FSU alum would like to know ... RT @daringantt Talent is God Given be humble . Fame is man given be thankful . Conceit is self given be careful .  John Wooden ,  RIP . NFLPA contends Kia Roberts told Lisa Friel of her views ,  but was not allowed to convey them to Roger Goodell nor the independent advisors.Week 15 NFL schedule was finalized today with the originally scheduled Minnesota at Carolina Sunday night game on NBC remaining in place . Washington ruled out CB Josh Norman  rib  ,  OL Tyler Catalina  concussion  and OL Ty Nsekhe  core injury  for Monday night . Redskins free agent cornerback Carlos Rogers is scheuled to visit the 49ers tonight and Wednesday . Bengals plan to match 4 yr ,  12.2M offer sheet that includes 5,3M gtd that Cincinnati RFA WR Andrew Hawkins signed with Cleveland . Today the Patriots have made four picks ,  four trades and came away with an extra 2 next year . Nobody works draft board better . #nfldfraft . Here already ,  playoff talk  New Orleans clinches NFC South division title1       NO win  ATL loss or tie2       NO tie  ATL loss . Patriots expected to place OL Ryan Wendell on injured reserve to make roster space to activate center Bryan Stork ,  per league source . RT @CarlitosWay26 Where do u get ur mini helmets from when u speak on ESPN from ur office  ?   ...  The fine folks at Ridell . A potential new phrase to introduce into the football lexicon for this season RT @stonemq Wouldn't it be intentional scoreboarding  ?  Filed to ESPN Thomas Jones signs in Kansas City two years ,  5 million . Chiefs have their running back . No need for Willie Parker to visit . Browns WR Corey Coleman underwent surgery today to repair a fractured metacarpal in his right hand . The Inauguration of the U.S . President is one of our nation's greatest traditions . What's the most memorable part of this day  ?  them . RT @NickLuzader hey do u see anyone picking up David Garrard  ...  He wants to play . And is anxious . But right opportunity hasn't been there . ESPN's Ron Jaworski called @rsherman25 the best shutdown corner in the NFL right now.Eagles deactivated RB LeSean McCoy ,  which means Maurice Jones Drew is the 2011 NFL rushing champion . Falcons today signed free agent wide receivers Marty Booker and Robert Ferguson and placed wide receiver Harry Douglas on injured reserve . The person played The AP a 12 second voicemail from an NFL office number on April 9 confirming video arrived . A ...  Texans signed FB Jay Prosch to a 3 year ,  5.75 million extension ,  including 2.7M gtd ,  per source . Patriots free agent WR Julian Edelman is scheduled to visit the 49ers on Friday ,  per source . SF also interested in Giants WR Hakeem Nicks . Now official Eagles announce they hired Chip Kelly as 21st Head Coach in franchise history . In 3rd quarter of each game ,  Cam Newton and Jameis Winston each have thrown 5 TD passes . Seahawks DE Cliff Avril needs 2 sacks today to collect 350,000 bonus while Seahawks DE Michael Bennett needs 2.5 sacks to collect 200,000.Vick deal via @adbrandt 3.5M signing bonus ,  paid by April 153.5M salary500k roster bonus500k 50% playtime1M 90% playtime1M SB win . Beast Mode Marshawn Lynch is only player to rush for at least 85 yards in every game this season he has at least 85   . RT @dustincary @OGOchoCinco  Adam should change his last name to Domingo  !   ...  I kind of like my HS Spanish name ,  Adamo Schefter . In 5 Thurs Night games this season ,  each has been decided by at least 20 points ,  w average margin of victory standing at 29.0 pts per game . Chargers GM AJ Smith on Merriman  Its disappointing to hear about the issue involving Shawne Merriman ...  more in next tweet .I'd vote Benson   more improbable and more impressive . RT @WesleyKaminsky @AdamSchefter More impressive ,  Vernon Davis or Cedric Benson  ?  Early injury in Denver Broncos RB Devontae Booker  shoulder  is questionable to return . Chiefs will not publicly acknowledge today's one year anniversary of former Chiefs LB Jovan Belcher taking his and his girlfriend's life . Lions WR Calvin Johnson officially active . RT @kcford76 Does that make hines ward the ex that doesn't get The hint it's over  ?   ...  Some players like Hines deserve and get more respect . treatment . Jaguars' WR Allen Hurns ,  listed as questionable for Sunday due to a concussion ,  is expected to play vs Texans ,  per source . Bears have claimed former Bucs' K Roberto Aguayo off of waivers ,  per @FieldYates . Whoa The 49ers are saying Frank Gore has a broken right hip and is likely lost for the season . Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski is scheduled to undergo an MRI this morning ,  per source . We think he is going to be ok ,  per source . Gut check time for Atlanta . Falcons RB Michael Turner not expected to play today . Falcons QB Matt Ryan not expected to play today . Giants are signing Kenrick Ellis to a one year deal today . Raiders announced they have signed free agent S Usama Young . Great time on bus with my friends and the faces of the Titans franchise ,  @ChrisJohnson28 and @Vinceyoung10. One day after being in an accident that totaled his car ,  former Redskins LB Rufus Johnson reached agreement with Raiders ,  per @seanstellato . Dallas has emerged as a favorite to host the 2018 NFL draft at the Cowboys' new headquarters in Frisco ,  Texas ,  per @FieldYates . Friday 10 Spot on Saturday Peyton Manning and Von Miller could be Offensive and Defensive Players of the Year . Colin Kapernicks deal contains de escalator lowering 2015 salary 2 million if he is not selected All NFL AND 49ers fail to win NFC Champ . Tom Jackson's ESPN sendoff . Hearing on Ezekiel Elliott injunction set for 2 p.m . ET on Thursday ,  Nov . 9.K Mason Crosby has agreed to terms with the Packers on a 5 year deal . So much Jameis Winston Marcus Mariota talk . But don't sleep on UCLA's Brett Hundley ,  whom Browns would have considered in top 10 last year . According to @Edwerderespn ,  the Cowboys do not expect DeMarco Murray to play in Week 10 due to his foot injury . So Tim Tebow wasn't good enough for Jacksonville ,  but the QB he forced out of NE ,  Mike Kafka ,  was . Just goes to show to each his own . Ohio St . CB Gareon Conley accused of rape lawyer denies allegations . NFL is suspending Raiders' LB Aldon Smith one year for his role in an Aug . 28 incident ,  per league source . Things change ,  but right now ,  Eagles RB Brian Westbrook is not expected to play today due to the concussion he suffered Monday night . Bengals placed DE Jamaal Anderson on IR with a torn quad tendon he suffered vs . Cleveland . RT @malikshareef Joe Haden has officially signed with the Cleveland Browns and will report to training camp tomorrow . Cardinals S Rashad Johnson unsure when he lost top portion of his finger . Thinks it was on a punt return ,  but needs to watch film . On Selection Day ,  the selections are1. Clemson2. Oklahoma3. Georgia4. Alabama . Rams donated luxury suite for Sunday's game in St . Louis for Bears to auction off with proceeds going to weekend's tornado victims . Former Texans HC Gary Kubiak has emerged as favorite for Ravens OC job . Kubiak and Rick Dennison met Sunday in Baltimore w Ravens officials . The exchange that could help send the Jets to the playoffs ...  Raiders released a good quarterback today ,  Andrew Walter . he could help in many cities . So Pollard is a Titan ,  Reed is a Texan ,  Kruger is a Brown ,  Ellerbee is a Dolphin ,  Williams is an Eagle ,  and Lewis is a colleague . This is like Michigan's 1989 Elite Eight win over Virginia to reach the Final Four . On 5,703 pass attempts over 13 seasons ,  according to coaches stats ,  Walter Jones was called for holding 9 times and surrendered 23 sacks . Condolences to Lofa RT @MikeReiss Honolulu Star Bulletin has story that former Patriot Mosi Tatupu has died at age 54. Packers announced they have re signed T Mark Tauscher through the 2011 season . Tauscher back ,  Chad Clifton back ,  Aaron Rodgers smiling . Jets taking NT Kris Jenkins to the locker room with what appears to be a left knee injury . Whose legacy can be most affected this postseason  ?  Matt Ryan or Tom Brady  ?  Follow @ESPNNFL and tweet your vote using #QBLegacy . Yes sir ,  @Hasselbeck . And Mathias Kiwanuka ,  too . So it's not like BC hasn't put out good D players . Now as for QBs ...  Broncos QB Tim Tebow had a busy weekend ...  Redskins announced they signed former Buccaneers S Tanard Jackson ,  who will be reunited in Washington with Raheem Morris . Harold Henderson ,  the appeals officer in the Ezekiel Elliott hearing ,  is under pressure to have a decision by Monday ,  per source . Today is one year anniversary of Cam Newtons car accident . Before accident ,  Newton was 3 8 1. Since the accident ,  Newton is a perfect 14 0.Heading into tonight's game 5 in Golden State ,  Cavaliers now are down by the equivalent of 28 3. Tall order ,  but has been done . Recently . Blown away by Tweets I'm getting . A huge thank you . Not to get all mushy or anything ,  but I'm touched . Lions sign Dave Rayner ,  Pats Shayne Graham . Personally would have liked it if we could have seen Suh and Welker kick one more weekend . Bills not alone . Colts releasing director of college scouting T.J . McCreight and others from scouting department ,  per league sources . No surprise but Bucs officially name Jameis Winston starting QB . Now will be Winston vs . Mariota in Week 1.Jets win and Chargers win . Chargers now get Jets 2nd round pick in Antonio Cromartie trade . Redskins DT Albert Haynesworth ,  fresh off one of his best weeks of practice in Washington ,  will play today despite his sprained ankle . Steelers sign kicker Randy Bullock as insurance for Chris Boswell's injury . Saints WR Willie Snead inactive . Also looks like RB Fred Taylor is going to be active against his old team today . A little surprised this would be tweeted this morning or even this season . But the Cowboys already miss Flozell Adams . Seahawks' GM John Schneider and his wife ,  Traci ,  fight autism . Great story via @MichelleBeisner.Patriots are expected to hire Josh McDaniels as an offensive assistant will coach in playoffs . Becomes OC in 2012. Mo Eagles released CB Dwayne Gratz ,  placed DT Beau Allen and CB Sidney Jones on ActiveNFI ,  officially signed QB Dane Evans . Now official Vikings have signed veteran WR Javon Walker . RT @sidamonhack Johnny Miller on Tiger He's damaged the game of golf ,  he's lost a lot of respect ,  his integrity is pretty shattered.Doesn't sound to me like he's being dealt RT @drew5580 Nothing on Roscoe Parrish  ?  I promise to never ask about crabtree if u answer this . No practice today for Chargers RB Ryan Mathews with his clavicle nor TE Antonio Gates with his ribs . RT @ChrisJohnson28 Boy they need to let me kno what's gonna happen with this NFL lockout cause if they do ima join the us track team . Ralph Wilson ,  Oct . 17 ,  1918   March 25 ,  2014  . Baltimore and Minnesota putting on a show . Ravens have erased a 17 point deficit and now lead by one ,  31 30 with 337 left . Hall of Fame LB Derrick Brooks is the hearing officer for todays appeal from Bears LB Danny Trevathan on his 2 game suspension ,  per source . RT @slp1313 ... Michael Vick ... Time to forgive and welcome him back to NFL . We've treated child molesters and murderers better . San Diego would like to promote QB coach Frank Reich to OC if and when Ken Whisenhunt leaves for an HC job . And as @LanceZierlein also reported ,  Andre Johnson and Frank Gore scheduled to fly together from Miami to Indy on @JimIrsay's plane . Remember what the great Jim Brown once said about Trent Richardson  ?  The problem is that he's ordinary . I think he's ordinary.This is the future of TV RT @bhofheimerespn DirecTV to carry espn 3D channel beginning in june with fifa world cup  . Keyshawn Johnson officially has made it   into this week's US Weekly . Giants agreed to terms with Henry Hynoski on a 2 year ,  2 million deal ,  @RosenhausSports . After declining Redskins request last week ,  Denver granted Washington permission on Monday to interview Broncos RB coach Bobby Turner . Andrew Luck will return to practice this week ...  At @Bloomberg today for the @BBGTradebook #TBKCharityDay event . Hitting the phones for @JDRF . Brandon Carr signing a 1 year deal with series of options to make it a 4 year ,  24M deal w Ravens ,  per source . Likely a 2 year ,  12M deal . Willie Brown will present 50,000 check Weds from Raiders to Napa Valley Schools to assist in efforts to recover from Sunday's earthquake . Bears are signing QB Mark Sanchez ,  as @RapSheet said . It is going to be a one year deal with Chicago . Jaguars' HC Gus Bradley on who starts at RB vs GB We will see how this week goes ,  but they both are going to get a lot of playing time.Who'd have thought that Steve McNair ,  former Titans leader ,  would find the trouble that former Titans teammate Adam Pacman Jones never did .. RT @AshleyMFox Sam Bradford getting an x ray on right finger . Amendola with a dislocated elbow . No Steven Jackson . Rough day for Rams . Texans running back Arian Foster ,  who is in uniform ,  did not start Sunday due to a coach's decision. No word yet on his infraction . Panthers RB Christian McCaffrey ,  questionable for Sunday vs . Saints due to shoulder injury ,  is expected to play ,  per source . RT @mdias418 Possibility Jim Harbaugh and Andrew Luck Reunite it Carolina  ?   ...  Won't happen . Carolina looking at different HCs . Former Seahawks and Raiders QB Matt Flynn is in Buffalo ,  there to work out for Bills ,  via @mikerodak and me . Former Steelers' OT Kelvin Beachum reached agreement with Jacksonville ,  per league source . A note for @tunasweasel Jets RB Joe McKnight active for the first time . Kevin Bradley ,  Sports Book Manager for Bovada.lv ,  expects Broncos to be favored over Jags by four TDs ,  the biggest spread in NFL history . RT @wingoz Brandon Marshall pushing fashion limits on noon SC with @CMCKENDRYESPN  . football . Wheels on the bus go round and round ,  round and round ,  round and round . Wheels on the bus go round and round ,  one more night .  Stir crazy .RT @RavensInsider John Harbaugh said he expects both Ed Reed and Derrick Mason to return rather than retire . Kiko Alonso will be 9th player from Oregon on Eagles' roster ,  and all 9 played under Chip Kelly at some point during their college careers . Messi the magician . RT @mortreport Pennington will stay with Dolphins   gets a trade bonus instead of no trade clause  . Buffalo Bills DE Chris Kelsay has informed the team of his plans to retire . RT @SilentGuardian7 Was Tim Hightower cut by the Skins  ?   ...  Nope . Contract expired . Unrestricted free agent . RT @garmurphy Anyting on the Seahawks man  ?   ...  Percy Harvin and his new deal not enough  ?  Good pt . RT @tthasselbeck @tunasweasel also traded maclin for barber in ff . we've seen plenty of poor roster mgmt by weasel this season . Raiders won't let DE Richard Seymour get away ,  that's for sure . It's sign a long term deal or get the franchise tag . The official statement ...  RT @Patriots Press release & statement on the release of Aaron Hernandez  . This is Adam's wife ,  Sharri ,  hijacking his Twitter and proving that he does sleep ...  Packers had 7 drops Sunday by 7 different receivers after entering the game with just 13 drops this season . Didn't practice today but still could play Sunday . RT @vdiazinfante @AdamSchefter any news on Andre Johnson  ?  And here is 49ers CB Nnamdi Asomugha ,  loading HS students on a van ,  to drive them around Cal and Stanford . NFL upheld Lane Johnson's 10 game suspension ,  per his attorney Steve Zashin . Redskins announced that they have signed free agent linebacker Nick Barnett . A Dallas County Grand jury is expected to return an indictment of Buccaneers CB Aqib Talib for aggravated assault with a deadly weapon . Chiefs WR Jeremy Maclin not in pain ,  but KC worried about right knee injury . Maclin scheduled for MRI on Sun tore right ACL twice before . Seahawks DT Jason Jones ,  who lives in Detroit ,  is scheduling a visit with the Lions . Love this too but not feasible with networks RT @ljhDadof2boys @adamschefter Why doesn't ESPN carry TWO Monday night games every week  ?  Amount of Vick twittering is staggering . So many viewpoints ,  many right on . Thanks for all your feedback . Great to share w fellow tweets . RT @TomDaly2 @AdamSchefter is Willie Parker expected to play today  ?  &lt  Sure is . Some guys have all the luck . RT @greggrosenthal Vince Wilfork stuck on first contract ,  Burleson has three . #KnowThemFromAdam ,  @mortreport on hearing he had stage 4 cancer & what's still left to accomplish in life ...  B.J . Raji is a Big Boy . Shaq Lawson needs shoulder surgery after all . No tuck rule ,  but as one NFL exec pointed out there was a roughing the passer blow to helmet and a facemask ,  as there was on play before . A primer on what's ahead RT @adbrandt First of series of interviews with @mortreport on NFL labor issues looming ahead  . Theres a real possibility 49ers LB NaVorro Bowman will not play this season due to torn ACL and MCL he suffered last season ,  per source . Any team that trades for V . Jackson must pay him about 9 mil per year and the Chargers at least one premium pick . Not easy to do by Weds . There might be some tweaking to Browns staff ,  like there is on any staff ,  but Mike Holmgren told full staff they would return . commitment ... Browns agreed to terms with former Cowboys WR Miles Austin . 49ers . One of the best parts of the week now ahead about 10 straight hours of football . Interesting breakdown on  . 1  There remain significant gaps on the full range of issues  both economic and non economic .  We have told both the   . Unless San Diego lowers its asking price ,  it sounds like today's 4 pm deadline will come and go without a Vincent Jackson trade . Tensions brewing with OT Marcus McNeill and WR Vincent Jackson in San Diego   and not going away anytime soon . Falcons placing Derrick Shelby on IR with torn Achilles . Bruce Arians has accepted four year deal ,  with a team option for a fifth year ,  as head coach with Arizona Cardinals . Harbaugh and Fox hired in 2011. 90 combined regular season wins . 7 playoff appearances . 2 Super Bowl appearances ,  both no longer with team . Redskins hired longtime Steelers defensive assistant coach Lou Spanos as their linebackers coach . Texans win Christmas Eve game and AFC South for second straight year . Houston now will host a game on wild card weekend . Help with flood relief for Vermont farmers through @BusterESPN auctionevent tons of memorabilia up for bid . RT @AsDannySeesIt Plain and simple ,  in your opinion ,  is there going to be football next year  ?   ...  Absolutely . Just don't know when . Many pegged Shea McClellin to Pats before 2012 draft . McClellin first went to CHIC ,  so Pats took Chandler Jones . Now ,  McClellin lands in NE . Former Packers LB Desmond Bishop reached agreement with Minnesota Vikings ,  as @ProFootballTalk reported . Respect to Michael Irvin for standing tall again . please . Arizona gave John Abraham a two year deal . Sean Payton suspended one year . Mickey Loomis 8 game and 500,000 fine . Saints fined 500,000 and a second round pick in 2012 and 2012.One source said Wednesday it was 80 20 Jeff Fisher would choose MIA over STL but MIA and Fisher could not agree on structure of orgn . Falcons have officially ruled out RB Devonta Freeman for Sunday's game against the Vikings . LB Lawrence Timmons signed a 5 yearr extension for 50 million with the Steelers today . Friday 10 Spot early Saturday morning No defense as shaky as Packers' or Patriots' has won SB . Julian Edelmans contract includes half million incentive for 80 or more catches   caught 92   AND a Patriots' SB trip . 500K . Cha Ching  !  And next comes McCoy . #nfldraft . NFL overturned one game suspension of Bucs S Dashon Goldson ,  who now will play allowed to play Sunday vs . New England . More news coming up on ESPNs Sunday NFL Countdown next ... RT @RossTuckerNFL Lebeau ,  Pouncey ,  Peppers & my gambling on football epiphany w @AdamSchefter on today's podcast  . Raiders HC Dennis Allen said Terrelle Pryor is ready to start on Monday Morning Football vs . Chargers . Jets announced they have agreed to principle on a contract with WR Chaz Schilens . With Garrett Hartley nursing a hip injury the team is concerned about ,  the Saints have agreed to terms with veteran PK John Kasay . Falcons announced theyve signed their entire rookie draft class . First team to sign its entire class . Bears slipping . Not to be outdone by Chargers bringing back their DC John Pagano ,  Raiders have re signed their DC Jason Tarver . Wrist surgery possible for Cardinals RB David Johnson ,  per source . Different doctors have different opinions . But ...  Today is a great day to work for the St . Louis Rams . They're having Bring Your Dog To Work Day  can't wait to read comments below .Bengals TE Tyler Eifert did not reinjure his ankle ,  per team source . Suffered different injury now being evaluated . Randy Lerner wants Browns run like Dolphins ,  with one head honcho . And that job will be Mike Holmgren's to lose . Question is if he wants it . RB Maurice Jones Drew officially is an Oakland Raider ,  signing a 3 year deal with the team . Jones Drew is going home . The first picture of the first player involved in our ESPN football commercials for this season . As rough as it is to get up for an early morning workout ,  it's that rewarding to be done at this time . They did not love him tender   Colts did not tender former first round pick Marlin Jackson and he now is free to sign with any team . NFL Draft four weeks from tonight ... Get your excuses ready 7 million people call in sick to work today . Last time Arizona had sole possession of the NFC's best record this late in the season was Week 11 ,  1974 ,  per the NFL . Browns Exec VP Sashi Brown and Browns VP Andrew Berry attended last night's Houston Bowl to scout Texas A & M DE Myles Garrett ,  per sources . On ESPNs NFL Live ,  where he is a guest analyst for next two days ,  QB Robert Griffin III said he worked out for Cha  . In exchange for former Detroit LB Kyle Van Noy ,  Patriots and Lions switching picks in 6th and 7th round of 2017 draft ,  per league source . Ravens are giving former Broncos DE Elvis Dumervil a five year deal worth up to 35 million ,  including 8.5 million in year one . Steelers activated wide receiver Martavis Bryant to the teams 53 man roster . NFL suspended former Notre Dame LB and now free agent Prince Shembo for the first two weeks of this season ,  per source . 49ers placed RB Frank Gore  fractured right hip  and WR Dominique Zeigler  left ACL tear  on Injured Reserve list . Dolphins believe WR DeVante Parker sprained his ankle ,  per source . Miami OT Branden Albert has been traded to Jacksonville for a 7th round pick in 2018.Saints reach agreement with LB Scott Shanle on a two year ,  4 million deal . Two last minute fantasy tips . RT @MatthewBerryTMR TEN top 10 in fant pts allowed to opp TE . Dont trust any TEN WR . Brett Favre didn't get benched ,  but OT Bryant McKinnie did . Maybe McKinnie is the one that has a real reason to be miffed . Coldplay will be halftime act at Super Bowl 50 via @WSJ . And the Carolina Panthers are now on the clock   officially . Congratulations ,  Carolina . Now the Panthers need a little Luck . Four teams   St . Louis ,  Washington ,  Seattle ,  Tennessee   put in waiver claims for former Texans G Shelley Smith ,  who was awarded to Rams . RT @jaguarsinsider Confirmed snowflakes at EverBank Field .  ...  Weirdness of season Snow in Jacksonville ,  but not in Chicago and GB . RT @mortreport Werder reports while Favre won't leave team ,  putting him on IR to end speculation on last couple weeks is possiblelikely . One year ago today ,  Tennessee traded the No . 1 overall pick to the Rams for two 1's ,  two 2's ,  two 3's.Quieter this year   so far ... Ezekiel Elliott set to plead his case at appeal hearing today . Further tests revealed what initial tests showed Browns rookie RB Montario Hardesty has a torn ACL . Out for year . A fitting Father's Day Tribute RT @drewbrees Baylen and I are throwing out the 1st pitch with Yankees today . Since 2005 ,  the Colts have lost more preseason games than regular season games  4 24 in preseason ,  75 21 in regular season .Former Saints Lb Junior Gallete is signing a 1 year deal in Washington ,  per source . As Chris Berman just said about the Ravens deactivating their top defensive tackle ,  That's Ngata good.job  !  Chargers' CB Jason Verrett told @ericdwilliams that he will have surgery on his torn ACL and his season is over . Another blow to SD . OK ,  Steelers fans . The most underrated player on NFL's best defense ,  @RyanClark25 ,  is trying to make it to 10k followers . Please help him . Titans promoted GM Jon Robinson to Executive Vice PresidentGM . After leading 49ers to victory in GB ,  Colin Kaepernick has two postseason road wins   one more than Joe Montana and Steve Young combined . My wife hasn't left me  fortunately  Sharing our wedding anniversary with our children . As Dolphins figure out their plans ,  the Broncos are attempting to set up an interview with Jim Harbaugh to get their chance at Stanford HC . Poor Terrell Thomas ...  Bills have signed Eric Wood to a 2 year contract extension through 2019.Former 49ers center Fred Quillan passed away on Monday ,  September 12th ,  at the age of 60.Friday 10 Spot How Texans GM Rick Smith helped Colts GM Ryan Grigson who helped Colts HC Chuck Pagano .  As expected ,  Saints hired Rob Ryan as defensive coordinator and Stan Kwan as assistant special teams coach . Browns news  but not what everyone is waiting for  Cleveland signed former Chargers RB Shaun Draughn to 1 yr deal ,  per @seanstellato . CBS is the likely landing spot for NFL Sr . VP of officiating ,  Dean Blandino ,  per sources . After suffering another neck injury ,  Eagles CB Ellis Hobbs likely to retire . Texans activated TE C.J . Fiedorowicz and placed TE Ryan Griffin on IR . Point of clarification LeGarrette Blounts tender carries a value of up to 2.1M when including money earned via incentives and base salary . RT @JosinaAnderson Source DE Andre Carter intends to sign with the New England Patriots today . Giants will work out former Broncos and Ravens RB Willis McGahee on Tuesday ,  per source . Workout planned since Friday . And so Arizona hosts Seattle or plays at Carolina.New England plays at Denver or hosts Pittsburgh . Former Bills' first round pick E.J . Manuel likely is signing with the Oakland Raiders ,  per league sources . Giants' WRs to honor 911 anniversary with patriotic cleats . Let's try this link to fantastic Tom Rinaldi story on Raiders CB DJ Hayden ...   Patriots expect TE Rob Gronkowski and RB Rex Burkhead to be ready for their next game in 10 days vs NY Jets ,  per sources . From the second he is released ,  Peyton Manning is free to sign with another team . Pete Carroll took one of his former USC players ,  TE Anthony McCoy ,  at No . 185. #nfldraft . In the end ,  Chargers got some of what they wanted from Joey Bosa and he got some of what he wanted from them . A compromise . As it should be . Owen Daniels is active . Patriots Pro Bowl G Logan Mankins officially has reported to the team . Why Indy signed Antonio Cromartie CB Vontae Davis has ligament damage in ankle ,  expected to miss at least first month of season ,  per source . 49ers director of player personnel Tom Gamble turned down chance for 2nd interview w Jaguars to concentrate on trying to land Jets GM job . At the request of his family ,  the funeral arrangement information for the late ,  great Eugene Parker . Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski has a herniated disc in his back ,  per source . Surgery on Friday . Good read from @SchultzAJC ... RT Some early thoughts on Michael Vick  . Wish he would   he's deserving . RT @Steiny31 @AdamSchefter do you think Joe Klecko will ever get into the HOF  ?  No surprise ,  but 49ers' HC Chip Kelly said Colin Kaepernick will start again Sunday vs Tampa Bay . Von Miller not expected to reach long term deal before Tues deadline for franchise tags ,  per source close to talks . Miller then franchised . Updated 49ers host NFC Divisional Playoff at 430 ET ,  Saturday ,  Jan . 14 New England hosts game that night at 800 pm ET . The 19th update from the HC of the Dallas Cowboys RT @sonofbum hey there Ota's start Monday our spring training with no pads  can't wait . First Saints signed CB Chris McAlister ,  now planning to sign another familiar veteran CB . Despite being listed as questionable with a knee injury ,  Ravens RB Justin Forsett will play today vs Miami ,  per source . Terrelle Pryor is waiting for his next chance . For those who missed the great @StuartScott from last night   or for those who want to be inspired ... RT @gbaby1541 At 13 do u see Lions taking jimmy smith  ?  Or too big of a risk at that spot  ?   ...  Would be a definite risk for definite need . NFL fined Rams' CB Lamarcus Joyner 17,363 for his illegal hit on Vikings QB Teddy Bridgewater ,  per league source . Found it ...  RT @tunasweasel Great blog from my superbly talented wife . Nice hidden mention of @AdamSchefter  . RT @RapSheet Made mistake of shaking hands w Oklahoma RB Demarco Murray . Dude almost broke my hand  ...  Must be Okla RB thing . AP's brutal . Falcons WR Roddy White will start today . Colts released defensive end Kendall Langford with a failed physical designation . Nice RT @bowtiecafe Mr . @AdamSchefter ,  your Univ . of Mich . Bow Tie is in the mail ... compliments of @DhaniJones . Another good reason for Baltimore to sign Donte Stallworth Derrick Mason and Kelley Washington scheduled to be unrestricted free agents . To those asking me to confirm ,  here's the deal Just got off the phone with NBC ,  which has spoken to Rodney Harrison ,  who is NOT on Twitter . Former 49ers ,  Ravens and Cardinals' WR Anquan Boldin plans to sign a 1 year deal with Lions ,  per sources . Two sides now finalizing deal . There will be much debate before ,  but the NFLPA is planning to vote today on the proposed new deal . Look who else Bobby Bonilla will make more than this year ,  via my friend and producer @AshokaESPN  . Eagles announced they acquired RB Kenjon Barner from Carolina Panthers for a conditional 7th round draft choice in 2015. Oregon reunion . John Mara confirmed Giants OC Ben McAdoo and DC Steve Spagnuolo will be interviewed for team's head coaching vacancy . season . Rob Gronkowski not present at practice for third day in a row ,  making it unlikely he plays Sunday vs . 49ers ,  per @MikeReiss . And with Matt Schaub down in Houston ,  Matt Leinart gets his chance . Rams signed former Titans WR Kenny Britt to a one year ,  1.4M deal ,  including 550K ,  per source . Max value of deal is 2.9M . Giants reaction to the benching of Eli Manning  . Cowboys placed WR Dez Bryant on ReserveInjured with a fractured right ankle and signed LB Kenwin Cummings off Jets practice squad . NFL teams notified last week that Miami OT Seantrel Henderson tested positive at combine for smoking marijuana ,  per league sources . Fun doing it . Trying to convince Mort to keep the stache . RT @travisneal @AdamSchefter @mortreport . Tipped off  best espn spot ever . Thin at WR ,  and now thinner  . RB Chris Ivory released from hospital today and is doing well . No timetable set on his return.Status for Sunday remains in question . In 2002 ,  when Marvin Harrison set an NFL single season record with 143 catches ,  he bought Peyton Manning a Rolex . 18's wearing watch tonight . RT @mortreporest . New 49ers' HC Chip Kelly will be signing a 4 year ,  24 million deal ,  according to a league source . Saints activated LB Jonathan Vilma from the reservePUP list and terminated the contract of wide receiver Greg Camarillo . Anyone else think James Comey sounds just like Roger Goodell  ?  Seahawks have re signed DE Darryl Tapp tohis RFA qualifying offer contract and released S Deon Grant and long snapper Matt Overton . Broedrick Bunkley to Saints 5 yrs ,  25m with 9m fully grntd . Bad news ,  Pittsburgh Steelers DE Aaron Smith was placed on injured reserve with a shoulder injury and will miss the 2009 season . Buffalo has met most of the conditions for a deal for Texans free agent LB Mario Williams and is close to a deal. Answer real soon.Steelers S Troy Polamalu is active as is Browns RB Peyton Hillis . Alshon Jeffery to Eagles ,  per @JosinaAnderson . Roddy White update I'm not getting the sense that holdout is ending anytime soon ,  but you never know with these things . And now a 2.0 earthquake in North Jersey . Before another significant storm hits Thursday . What's going on  ?  Packers CB Tramon Williams is inactive ,  as is LB Frank Zombo and first round pick Derek Sherrod . Everyone floating Jets as potential landing spot for former Pats LB Adalius Thomas . I'm waiting for Dolphins to make their move . He's about halfway from Minnesota to Canton now RT @fleetwood78 @adamschefter y dont we put adrian peterson in the hall of fame now . Antoine Walker warns NFL draftees on perils of prosperity ,  via @benvolin ...  Browns announced they signed RB Daryl Richardson and placed WR Brian Hartline  clavicle  on injured reserve . Packers traded up directly in front of Bears to draft Indiana OT Jason Spriggs . Packers win SB ,  Aaron Rodgers wins SB MVP . With the way this season went ,  it could not have ended in a more fitting way for Brett Favre . Neither winning quarterback Saturday ,  neither Tom Brady nor Russell Wilson ,  threw a touchdown pass . The 8 RBs set to start this weekend's NFL wild card games do not have a single playoff rushing attempt . Good day to be Bills first round pick Aaron Maybin . His five year contract has a max value of 25 million . Good work if you can get it . Just added myself to the  . RT @PSchrags Steve Sabol was more than President of NFL Films . My Fox column on a true artist ,  in every sense of word  . And so some believe Andy Reid is the Cardinals' leading candidate and others insist Arizona's search is open and just beginning . Never dull . Giants officially activated Jason Pierre Paul . Quite the comeback ,  good for him . And I wouldn't step foot near ,  or even touch ,  that jacuzzi . I'm repulsed at what I'm sleeping next to . Nightmares coming . What a difference one week can make . Fresh off SB last Sunday ,  Giants WR Victor Cruz is scheduled to hand out a Grammy Award this Sunday . Tony Romo also could wind up working on CBS' golf coverage down the line ,  but Romo   a scratch golfer   first wants to focus on football . Bills rookie CB Ellis Lankster looks like a real playmaker . Picked off two passes on Bears past two possessions . Here's something many didn't expect to see after week 3. Titans' QB Marcus Mariota has more touchdown passes  8  than rush attempts  5 .Cardinals still don't know if he's the answer ,  but QB Derek Anderson will start Saturday night in Chicago . Undrafted free agent LB Vontaze Burfict is signing with the linebacker thin Bengals ,  per @Joereedy and other reports . Old Coach wants to see you  and bring your playbook. New Coach wants to see you  and bring your IPad.Dolphins' TE Jordan Cameron ,  who has history of concussions ,  already ruled out for Thursday night vs Bengals due to another concussion . NFL expected to consider future Sunday night playoff games . This is how the job is done ... thanks for sharing ,  @espnSteveLevy . Texans confirmed RB Arian Foster hurt his Achilles . Doctors believe it is torn . Horrible . Bucs gave OT Demar Dotson a 3 year ,  16.5M extension ,  per source . He's now under contract to Bucs for next four seasons . Broncos are unveiling Frank Tripuka's No . 18 retired banner today ,  Sept . 18 ,  with 18 of Tripuka's children and grandchildren in attendance . These truly might be the two best QBs are the Cardinals roster . RT @azsportsfan77 Max Hall and John Skelton are the Long Term Answers . One NFL official pointed out whereas a QB could throw a football into Dallas scoreboard to get do over ,  ref could call intentional grounding . While speculation swirls about Raheem Morris' future ,  Bucs will consider hiring a defensive coordinator that would lighten Morris' load . RT @amscherm HELP  !  Do I start Roethlisberger over Jets D or Hasselbeck over ATL defesene  ?   ...  I'm debating Ben vs . Kerry Collins . HELP me . Arian Foster returned to practice today . Im pretty much 100 percent but Im just not going to push myself past limit right now ,  he said . Gage Bryce ,  a C.S . Mott Childrens Hospital patient battling cancer ,  will celebrate 12th bday Sat . by joining Mich Marching Band at halftime . Despite being listed as doubtful for Thursday with a groin injury ,  Packers WR Greg Jennings wants to play and it soun  . Also Terrelle Pryor will be ineligible to practice prior to or play in the first five games of the NFL regular season after he signs . Now official After finalizing a five year deal ,  the Buccaneers officially have hired Greg Schiano as their next head coach . RT @thenflchick @AdamSchefter Whose jinx is more powerful ,  yours or Madden's ? ..Madden's . He's got years on me . I'm only a rookie . Sounds to me like it's not just Michigan HC Rich Rodriguez that is in trouble . Think Michigan AD Bill Martin is ,  too . He is cause of this . Tom Brady meets with the fan who returned his 400th TD football ...  Shocking . RT @RavensInsider Elvis Dumervil and his agent are parting ways ,  according to sources close to the situation . RT @DougBriggsJr Hi adam I hope u saw the hat coach mora wore on sunday and the significants that said lakewood police RIP . RT @mortreport So Joey Porter pops off before Pats game ,  gets 0 tackles ,  then spends most of week in trainer's room ,  hurt but not hurt . 2021 Super Bowl will be played in Los Angeles . Multiple reports say Saints CB Tracy Porter has a torn ACL . A Saints official said he was uncertain   more tests tomorrow . By releasing Aaron Hernandez today ,  Patriots have waived all rights to recoup bonus money or salary through the CBA . RT @boss2k11 dude ,  the man library is sacred . Best of luck ,  schefty .  ...  Room needs it . Second time this off season it's being de molded . Shayne Graham kicking for the Giants today Lawrence Tynes inactive . Tim Tebow has reached agreement on a new deal with the Eagles ,  two sources said Sunday.   Tebow is scheduled to ...  Talk about an emotional time new Cardinals' starting QB Drew Stanton's wife gave birth to their second child and first daughter last night . Colts made a great undrafted free agent pickup today ,  signing Western Michigan QB Tim Hiller . He has a real chance to develop . Rams LB Alec Ogletree signed four year contract extension . ESPN's linebackers Tedy Bruschi and Derrick Brooks form a better combination than some NFL teams have . Through 13 Week 1 games ,  kickers already have missed 4 extra points  64 68 . NFL kickers missed just 8 extra points all of last season . Part II Spend the extra 5 min u didn't yesterday with them . There is NOTHING I wouldn't give for 1 minute more with my dad . Eagles are open to listening to trade offers for free agent wide receiver DeSean Jackson ,  who is expected to be franchised . A week to 10 days before doctors make further determination on Fred Jackson . But for now ,  the feeling is he will miss at least one month . RT @SprowESPN How good was Hue  ?  Wo dramatic personnel moves ,  Raiders went from 4,256 yds in '09 to 5,674 in '10.  Al gets a nod. Dolphins signing Lawrence Timmons to a 2 year ,  12 millions deal including 11 million guaranteed ,  per sources . The way former Auburn QB Cam Newton opened his post game press conference Sunday War Eagle . War Eagle . War . Damn . Eagle.Patriots new deal with Tom Brady will free up 15 million worth of salary cap space in the 2013 and 2014 off seasons . RT @joesimtre @AdamSchefter all four of his mistresses are from Vegas . I guess what happens in Vegas doesn't stay there  !  Kickers the Redskins are working out today Mike Nugent ,  Shane Andrus ,  Graham Gano ,  Nick Novak . Chiefs traded linebacker Edgar Jones to the Dallas Cowboys in exchange for an undisclosed draft pick . Harry Douglas not only hurt WR . Ravens WR Mark Clayton has a bad hamstring expected to sideline him 4 to 6 weeks . Lots of early injuries . Mike Kafka will be the player groomed to succeed Michael Vick when his contract is up after 2011. #nfldraft . Now official Eagles and RB DeMarco Murray agree to terms on a five year contract . Just because Baltimore landed Jeremy Maclin doesn't mean it won't also make play for Jets WR Eric Decker . Ravens in running there ,  too . Late injury add Seahawks RB Christine Michael is now questionable with a hamstring injury . Prosecutors leaning against charging 49ers Ray McDonald with domestic violence . As if it weren't enough Chiefs are retiring Derrick Thomas' number at halftime ,  Broncos also have a 1 17 franchise mark in December in KC . A baby calf at Vale Wood Farms in Loretto ,  Pa. ,  has been named after Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger . Steelers hired Scottie Montgomery as wide receivers coach . Makes me feel old . He once was an undrafted free agent in Broncos camp . 8   John Carlson ,  9   Vikings DSt ,  10   J . Norwood ,  11   M . schaub ,  12  Earnest Graham ,  13  Robert Meachem ,  14  Kris Brown ,  15  J . Gaffney . Patriot ordered weather for Sunday 30 40mph gusts at Gillette . low to mid 40s ,  will feel like 32. Should be dry ,  via @LeeGoldbergABC7.Panthers investing in Norman less defense ,  especially CB . So far DT Vernon Butler ,  CB James Bradberry ,  CB Daryl Worley and CB Zack Sanchez . Suspensions of Charles Grant and Will Smith will NOT be enforced at this time . More to come on ESPN ... All comes down to NY today . Starts in about an hour . Sal Pal reported moments ago that Michael Vick still has not arrived to stadium for today's game . Not expected there for another 30 mins . RT @mortreport Sean McDermott is the new DC in Carolina . What a life . What a man . RIP ...  Chiefs staying busy ,  visiting today with Vikings free agent OT Geoff Schwartz ,  whom they are expected to sign . In interest of accuracy ... RT @dfilaroski 59 yarder by Scobee but who's counting  ?  RT @BrettLyons670 Sure you don't have those switched  ?   ...  Yup . No rumor mongering on July 4th . Eagles special teams finished 1st in NFL according to annual compilation by Dallas Morning News' Rick Gosselin . Ravens WRs Mike Wallace  back  and Jeremy Maclin  shoulder  ,  listed as questionable for Sunday ,  both expected to play vs Titans ,  per source . Redskins officials at RG3's Pro Day in Baylor include owner Dan Snyder ,  GM Bruce Allen ,  HC Mike Shanahan ,  OC Kyle Shanahan and others . CB Cortland Finnegan was fined 10,000 for unnecessary roughness . NFL told him future infractions can lead to increased disciplinary action . Roger Goodell said he plans to attend Patriots' Thursday night regular season opener in Foxboro . On play in which BALT was penalized for key facemask ,  Jaguars' LT was not set . NFL admitted game should have ended Ravens should have won . So I guess it's not too early to anoint QB Sam Bradford the Rams opening day starter . Chargers QB Philip Rivers and wife ,  Tiffany ,  welcomed their 8th child last night ,  a girl named Clare . Three more kids for a full offense . Of course Derek Jeter's 3000th hit was going to be a home run . Even someone who sticks to football could have told you that . Lost in Bat Gate Seahawks have not allowed a touchdown in their last 18 regular season quarters with Kam Chancellor on the field . For the last time in our lives ,  happy 1 11 11.RT @Alwani777 Are you ready for some football  ?   ...  Any day ,  anytime   though I think coaches and players welcome the break . NFC's two best teams made it to NFC Championship Game . San Francisco vs . Seattle . As it should be . Broncos Pro Bowl OT Ryan Clady tore his patella tendon playing basketball . He told people he will miss three months . Could've been worse . Lions ownership meeting with HC Jim Schwartz right now ... Chargers claimed former Titans QB Zach Mettenberger on waivers today ,  per source . Mettenberger reunited with San Diego OC Ken Whisenhunt . Friday Blitz Painful as it is to admit ,  Michigan St . has become an NFL QB factory. Big Bengals move Cincinnati is re signing OT Andre Smith ,  per source . Bucs are a leading candidate for Hard Knocks . But NFL Films also talking with Saints ,  Raiders and four other teams . Tom Brady's tormentor from last year ,  former Chiefs S Bernard Pollard ,  signed with Texans . Houston plays New England Jan . 3.Michael Crabtree will not return to game after being evaluated for concussion . Don't see it in year 1. Please write back again at this time next year and we can revisit . Bears are placing WR Kevin White on IR with a severe left high ankle sprain that resulted in a fractured fibula ,  ...  Seahawks WR Sidney Rice has retired from NFL ,  the team announced today . Not having signed his franchise tender ,  Chiefs' Eric Berry is expected to miss most ,  if not all ,  of preseason . Expected back before opener . Now that the Redskins are officially eliminated from playoffs ,  trade comp for McNabb is complete . Eagels will get Redskins 2011 4th rd pick . Cincinnati's first round pick ,  WR AJ Green ,  has agreed to terms with the Bengals . RT @PonyUpPeddy Pierre Thomas is ALIVE  !  ?  Who's getting the carries Sunday  ?   ...  Absolutely no reason for Saints to go away from Chris Ivory . And another new Patriot joins the Twitter movement . Welcome @Weswelker . Former Packers LB A.J . Hawk is in Cincinnati today ,  visiting the Bengals . Tom Coughlin is withdrawing his name from consideration for Eagles HC job ,  per sources . Not the right fit . Packers have released DT Letroy Guion . today . This link to great Crabtree story should work . Really . RT @johnwhit007 All the beignets you want if you give me good news on Brees deal . Saints fans worried .  ...  Nothing  ...  Minnesota CB Antoine Winfield was named to the NFC Pro Bowl team today ,  becoming the 10th Viking voted in this season . Deal with Dwayne Bowe allows Chiefs to tag OL Branden Albert . With QB Brady Quinn in Denver ,  it's now hard to envision QB Chris Simms returning there next season . Great read . RT @MikeReiss Quick hit thoughts around NFL   Patriots flex possibilities Gronk & PUP etc . NFL kickers have missed 8 extra points in each of the past two weeks . NFL kickers missed 8 extra points all of last season . Great pt on Packers and Chargers  . Peter King in MMQB column The Browns ,  however ,  were the first team I've been around this summer that I just didn't get a good vibe from.Holy moly ...  Jaguars GM Dave Caldwell on Jacksonville RBs Chris Ivory and TJ Yeldon They'll probably split carries.Bills WR Sammy Watkins ,  listed as questionable ,  expected to start Sunday vs Jags but be on a pitch count ,  per source . Conditioning concerns . Mike Singletary looking ahead to 2010 I would say Alex Smith is the quarterback going forward . But ... were always trying to get better.Pro Bowl G Logan Mankins ,  who held out first half of last season ,  plans to sign franchise tender and report to training camp on time . Mess ... Deshaun Watson gives back to Houston families impacted by Hurricane Harvey . Eagles have won 12 consecutive games after a bye ,  the longest such winning streak in NFL history.So in one day ,  Denver now has added two former AFC South tight ends ,  Jacob Tamme and Joel Dreessen ,  as targets for Peyton Manning . Patriots placed Donte Stallworth on injured reserve with an ankle injury and released TE Visanthe Shiancoe . RT @NFLonTheHill Coughlin is becoming the most over exposed NFL coach in NY area . New Orleans feeling you today   Isaac ,  7th ann of Katrina . I'm helping @AidStillReqd   . A real connection Colt McCoy's father Brad was a S at Abilene Christian and was roommates with Longhorn WR Jordan Shipley's father Bob . What stands out here  ?  The four players now quarterbacking 10 win teams are Aaron Rodgers ,  Tom Brady ,  Peyton Manning and Drew Stanton . Latest on Aaron Rodgers' hamstring injury ,  via @jasonjwilde  . Must read for fans RT @MarkMaske Drew Brees writes about NFL vs . American Needle Supreme Court case in Wash . Post ...  As @JoeyRoberts notes ,  Raiders already without 2nd ,  3rd and 4th round picks in 2012 ,  so didn't have to give up too much for Aaron Curry . Ezekiel Elliott got the TRO   keeps playing for now ,  per source . Packers placed WR Jared Abbrederis ,  TG Don Barclay ,  RB Rajion Neal ,  DT B.J . Raji ,  LB Joe Thomas and G Andrew Tiller on injured reserve . Since lastweekend's veteran combine ,  11 teams have contacted LB Brandon Copeland he's planning to visit 4 before picking one next week . DeMarcus Ware's Denver deal will pay him 13M this year   250,000 more than he was scheduled to make from Cowboys ,  who released him Tues . Sadly ,  Raider great and HOFer George Blanda has passed away . Broncos on Wednesday released tight end Daniel Graham . Ten years from today ,  Tom Brady turns 50. By then ,  Jimmy Garoppolo should be starting ,  somewhere . Norv Turner's system has produced NFL's leading rusher 5 different occasions with 3 RBs Emmitt Smith '91 '93 Ricky Williams 2003 LT 2007.More on Pierre Thomas' signing . RT @espnnfcsouth Report Thomas signs tender    . Once again ,  this last hour of ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown is commercial free . 12 Here comes the next great battle that is going to enrage agents and players . It has been percolating for days and now will become real . You said it ,  not me . RT @Andre300 @AdamSchefter the raiders are one injury away from being a .500 team ... al Davis having a stroke . Le'Veon Bell has donated 750,000 for a turf field at Groveport Madison in Ohio . Great Cubs commemorative cover in Sunday edition of @rrstar  . He lives ...  Rams officials will meet with both QBs ,  Jared Goff and Carson Wentz ,  before April 28 draft to help determine No . 1 pick ,  per league source . Titans working out veteran kickers Jay Feely and Rian Lindell ,  per source . Sad day continues . Condolences . RT @espnnfl Former NFL ,  Tennessee Volunteers OL Harry Galbreath dead at 45  . Some of the greatest NFL games   the 1958 championship ,  Cowboys Vikings in Minn ,  Giants GB NFC Champ game   all have beeb played outdoors . Congrats ,  @Ochocinco . His new game #MadChad has reached top 10 most downloaded games in iTunes ,  5 hours after its release . Cardinals released veteran RB Chris Johnson ,  per source . Stunner Vikings' OC Norv has resigned ,  league sources tell ESPN . Jags might have their new backup QB RT @dustincary RT @taniaganguli todd bouman is in the building . @APMarkLong just spotted him . Dallas Clark expected to need surgery . Different recovery times for different surgeries . Will discuss options with team in Indianapolis . Ravens LB Sergio Kindle suffered a head injury in a house he was visiting Thursday in Austin ,  Tx . He is in hospital ,  in stable condition . Tremendous ...  RT @Turk0219 This moment of Greg Popovich with Craig Sager's son wins the day . Very cool ...  Buccaneers TE Austin Seferian Jenkins is expected to return to action today after missing past nine games with shoulder injury ,  per sources . Reuben Foster was scheduled to do team interviews tonight and team tests Saturday now scheduled to fly home to Tuscaloosa on Saturday . Browns officially have terminated contract of WR Dwayne Bowe . In return for DE Alex Magee ,  the Chiefs get back a 2011 draft pick from the Buccaneers ,  but Tampa Bay also gets one as well . Ben McAdoos 28 regular season games coached are the fewest by a Giants HC since 1930 ,  when Benny Friedman logged 2  . Ravens gave TE Dennis Pitta a five year deal worth 32 million ,  per sources . Best I can tell ,  there are four potential landing spots for former Jets RB Thomas Jones Cleveland ,  Seattle ,  San Diego and Houston . Raiders LT Jared Veldheer has only partially torn left triceps doctors believe he will be available for much of season ,  per source . RT @espn Chad Ochocinco inactive for Cincinnati Bengals against San Diego Chargers    . Realistic to now expect the appeal date for Seahawks CB Richard Sherman's four game suspension to be pushed back even further than Dec . 14.Breaking 2015 traded for 2016 ,  per multiple sources . Blockbuster deal includes champagne ,  streamers ,  confetti.Happy New Year to all  !  Big restricted free agent dealVikings and WR Adam Thielen reach agreement on three year deal ,  per source.Thielen stays in Minnesota . On the scene ...  RT @mortreport Story on @JManziel2 with quotes from Peyton Manning & MPA on his departure from camp  . A sign in Colts HC Jim Caldwell's office quotes Joe Paterno Take care of the little things   and the big things take care of themselves.Rob Gronkowski gets treatment at hospital on knee ,  per @MikeReiss and me.For Seattle's No . 12 ,  Eagles gabe up 2012 #15 ,  2012 #114 ,  2012 #172.Jets are expected to pursue free agent to be CB Darrelle Revis to see if they can bring him back to New York ,  per sources . Buffalo Bills announced they released RB Bryce Brown . Look who I found on Twitter today ,  at just the right time of year @MelKiperESPN . More teams in Jets ,  Raiders ,  Titans ,  Rams report to training camp today . RT @JRMcG358 So ,  who's going to be there to hear him  ?   ...  Cameras   it'll be aired live on ESPN @ 11 am ET . Colts make it official ,  announce agreement with former CFL standout WR Duron Carter ,  son of Cris Carter . Steelers officially have released linebacker LaMarr Woodley . NFL has received multiple tips of other potential instances of harassment inside Dolphins' organization ,  per sources . Broncos announced Knowshon Moreno has a torn ACL . Vikings promoted QB Kyle Sloter to active roster from practice squad . Sam Bradford remains questionable . Antonio Brown just signed a 5 year extension for 42.5mil with the Steelers . New Orleans makes a nice deal ,  trading its 5th round pick ,  No . 158 ,  to Jacksonville for the Jaguars 2011 4th rd pick . #nfldraft . Redskins put originial comp . low tender on CB Carlos Rogers   1.542 million . Any team that signs him must give Redskins a 1. Won't happen . Tim Tebow's Jockey commercial . Former Rams DE Chris Long ,  who visited Washington this week ,  scheduled to visit the Cowboys ,  per source . This does not include daily 30,000 fine Seattle can impose . As of today ,  Marshawn Lynch's fine total now stands at 455,000   and growing . Bucs have signed DE Tim Crowder and CG Sean Mahan . In addition ,  the team released CB Kyle Arrington and DE Maurice Evans . Tyrod Taylor has 3 year contract that's now expected to be voided to 2 years after tonight ,  which would make next season last on his deal . Marshall signed his one year ,  2.5 million tender with Denver yesterday ,  so it's five years in Miami for total of 50 million . Wow . RT @RAIDERS The Oakland Raiders have re signed OT Langston Walker . One of the NFL's least surprising cutdown days in recent memory . Usually there are some stunners . Today ,  not so much . An Albert Haynesworth sighting . RT @BDHerren Figured I'd tell you I saw Haynesworth on the lake today in Knoxville TN . It's all he does . Players debating NFLs proposed donation to social justice organizations ...  It's only 7 am ,  so I could be wrong on this ,  but I think I already here the boos in Denver for Jay Cutler . A 10 Spot primer for Sunday's NFL action  . An Eagles move  but not The Move  Eagles today announced they have signed LB Omar Gaither to a one year contract . Randy Moss must go through waivers . Any team can claim him and his contract . If unclaimed ,  Vikings will pay contract  Moss can double dip . Jets are releasing CB Darrelle Revis . None of this is a big surprise ,  but it doesn't make it any less jarring . For those that asked . RT @AdrianPeterson My ankle is doing ok  !  I'll know more tomorrow  !  After I get a full evaluation  !  As much fun as any group could have on TV.@wingoz @LRiddickESPN an incredible production crew  support staff  . Giving Tuesday How about #GivingBlueDay   UM Athletics is proud to support over 900 student athletes . Learn more at  . RT @ArmandoSalguero Statement from Jonathan Martin attorney David Cornwell  It's a doozy   . Still unclear when Panthers' LB Luke Kuechly returns from concussion . He's increasing physical activity . Must continue to be symptom free . Browns WR Donte Stallworth suspended today without pay for whole season . He had been suspended indefinitely 618. Now definite   done 4 09.Steelers HC Mike Tomlin upset Patriots 'spotted' a day and a half . It would not be illegal for Vick to be at club ,  but it would be poor judgement . Still ,  someone is going to have to have proof he was there . A moment to remember 1.2 million Americans who lost lives at war . As @davidaxelrod said ,  We have today because they gave up their tomorrow's . Condolences to family and friends of former Raiders and Broncos DT Chester McGlockton ,  who passed away at the too young age of 42.Ravens waived ,  amongst others ,  QB Troy Smith ,  RB Curtis Steele ,  T Devin Tyler and WR Demetrius Williams . If Philadelphia loses today ,  it's going to find itself right back in Dallas next weekend for a wild card matchup . Congratulations to RG3. Look forward to watching him play at the next level . An MRI on Bears RB Matt Forte's knee today confirmed he suffered a grade 2 MCL sprain ,  with no damage to ACL . Colts have begun terminating contracts of other asst . coaches ,  including DL coach John Teerlinck and defensive assistant Bill Teerlinck . Arziona Cardinals gave former Vikings TE John Carlson a two year deal . Lockout starts at midnight . Lions placed CB Alphonso Smith on ReserveInjured list signed CB Prince Miller . Just like everyone expected V Lions ,  49ers ,  Bills now have the same combined record as the Packers ,  Pats ,  Saints . via @cadensdad58 . It's now the Notre Dame Texans ,  with Houston drafting C Nick Martin and WR Will Fuller in round 1.Former Chargers G Orlando Franklin visited the Saints on Wednesday and is discussing a deal with them ,  per source . The Knicks' new motto ...  RT @reggiebush For those who think Tiger won't be same after this ,  you guys are crazy  !  He's maybe the single greatest athlete of our time  !  Braylon Edwards failed his physical . Lots of disgruntled WRs . This is interesting ...  What's better than this   Laying in bed with daughter and having her repeatedly try to bite off my nose with her only two lower teeth . Awsm . Bears announced an agreement with former Saints C Brian de la Puente on a 1 year deal . RT @NBATVJason @AdamSchefter you and steve levy know eachother from JFK HS in bellmore  ?  &lt  Wnt to same school ,  didn't know each other . Here is today's controversial cover of the Philly Daily News on Michael Vick . John Lucas ,  NBA's No . 1 pick in 1976 ,  is serving as the life coach for JaMarcus Russell ,  NFL's No . 1 pick in 2007. No ESPN.com chat today ,  so let's do a little Christmas Eve Twitter chat and answer questions here instead . Doctors tried correcting nerve issue in Jordy Nelsons knee that has bothered him since college . Knee flared up at beginning of camp . RT Correct reversal to incomplete pass at end of 1st half in SD Oak game . Must maintain possession after hitting ground or pass incomplete . And the 2013 regular season now kicks off in Baltimore ,  likely on Thursday Sept 5. Candidates include NE ,  GB ,  HOU ,  MINN or AFC North team . Dear Brett Ready to sit down with you at any Boys and Girls Club you want . Please let me know where ,  when . Good luck with Your Decision . ASNews horrid on Chad Jones   had been told same . RT @ProFootballTalk Per a league source ,  doctors trying to save Chad Jones' leg . Vince Young to injured reserve . Dennis Allens defense shuts out Miami in London . Redemption for his last London game ,  2014 Raiders lost to Miami 38 14. Fired the next day . After hurting his leg Wednesday ,  Bills LB Shawne Merriman will not play versus Detroit on Sunday . Browns expected to start two players today that they added to 53 man roster this week C Nick McDonald and FB Kiero Small . Brett Favre got 10 stitches in his chin . Help me and @JDRF defeat #T1D . Join me in Bristol for a once in a lifetime experience . Click here to learn more . NFC seeds as of today 1. Packers 2. 49ers 3. Saints . 4 Giants 5. Falcons 6. Lions . Had this wild dream that GB got TWO Hail Mary passes before some coin didn't flip in OT when Packers lost another playoff game on last play . USC OT Tyron Smith ,  who weighed 285 at college ,  weighed in today at 307. Added weight ,  added value . Jaguars placed Blaine Gabbert  right forearmleft shoulder  and wide receiver Laurent Robinson  concussion  on injured reserve . Jaguars will host Ravens as one of NFLs four games played in London in 2017.Open invite to all RT @JonesDrew32 RT @kirkmorrison55 I want a grand tour like MTV Cribs of this famous bus you been riding on in J'ville . #KnowThemFromAdamPotential top picks in 2018 draft ,  USC's Sam Darnold and Wyoming's Josh Allen ,  discuss futures . Paperwork for 49ers S Donte Whitner to change name to Hitner cannot be processed due to government shutdown . Hitner shut down for now . Emmitt scored again . Von Miller suspended 6 games   officially . RT @MSigs As of right now ,  who is more likely to get signed this year ,  McNabb or Favre  ?   ...  Actually think Favre is done . Really . Former Cowboy Josh Brent ,  convicted of intoxication manslaughter for Dec . 2012 crash that killed Jerry Brown ,  was released from jail today . As it turns out ,  Buffalo and Washington claimed former DE Jason Babin as well   priority to Jaguars . Redskins changed punters and thought about doing same at kicker . Redskins worked out kickers Kris Brown ,  Nick Novak ,  Chris Bryan on Weds . Please help support the Little Victors at @MottChildren's Hospital by donating now at  . Browns have engaged in trade talks but it remains ,  in words of one team official ,  uncertain whether they ultimately will trade No . 2 pick . Saints first round pick Sheldon Rankins will have surgery on his fractured fibula and likely be sidelined about six weeks ,  per source . It's official LB A.J Hawk ,  whom Green Bay released on Weds ,  has re signed with the Green Bay Packers . It's a five year deal . Now in Buford ,  Ga. ,  on the way to Flowery Branch . Falcons Sunday  in the rain  ,  Saints Monday ,  home Tuesday . See you in N.O. ,  @mortreport . Just because Josh Smith ,  Pistons agreed to four year ,  56 million deal . It's official Seahawks and LB Lofa Tatupu decided to mutually part ways . He will be released and will be looking for work elsewhere . RT @Edwerderespn Jets have agreed to terms with CB Dee Milliner ,  according to team . Titans Chance Warmack only unsigned 1st rounder now . Jaguars TE Marcedes Lewis out 6 8 weeks with high ankle sprain . RT @WTFFacts Every day this week days is gonna be the same backwards41314414144151441614417144181441914 . Feeling is Seattle is still probable destination for Holmgren . It's up to Browns to see if they can sell him on Cleveland and organization . Had Saints played Sunday ,  it would have been difficult for TE Jimmy Graham to play with his foot injury . Status for Sunday vs BUF uncertain . Big loss Falcons CB Desmond Trufant has a torn pectoral expected to require season ending surgery ,  per sources ...  Police have found and shot fugitive Richard Matt ,  per multiple reports . Props to Raiders . Great game . RT @fearthesandb what about Raiders and the way they played  ?  Or was it just that the eagles put up a stinker  ?  Saints HC Sean Payton wanted Bill Parcells to give his team a pregame peptalk . Parcells thought it would slight Manning family   and passed . Patriots announced that assistant HCoffensive line coach Dante Scarnecchia will retire after 32 seasons in the NFL . Minutes ago ,  NFLPA filed grievance against the Patriots to collect 82,000 in workout bonuses from Aaron Hernandez's terminated contract . RT @tKister54 What do you think of #detroitlions  ?  Playoff contender or no  ?   ...  Contender . Legit . Absolutely . Have said it since off season . Grand jury indicted Aaron Hernandez today on charges of assault and battery ,  and threats to do bodily harm . RT @WAD1980 Plz RT I am raising  for Step Out Walk to Fight Diabetes in honor of my mom who passed away . Donations  . Thoughts and prayers with Reeds . RT @espnnfl Reports Ed Reed's brother missing after jumping into Mississippi River  . Eagles HC Chip Kelly said his team was offered a first round pick this morning for his QB Sam Bradford . Andy Dalton is done for the day . Thumb injury . Sean Payton's agent ,  Don Yee ,  said he heard from NFL today and they're trying to schedule appeal with upcoming holiday weekend in mind . Orton through for the night . And through for more than that in the eyes of Broncos fans that have been tweeting me . Peyton Manning needs 1 TD pass today to join Brett Favre  508  as the only players to throw 500 career regular season TD passes . First Friday 10 Spot of the Season How good is Andrew Luck  ?  Broncos QB Trevor Siemian will start Thursday against Chicago ,  and Paxton Lynch will start Denver's second preseason game . Congratulations to anybody and everybody that had Brett Favre retiring before Regis Philbin . ESPN MNF analyst Jon Gruden on speculatuon he could return to coaching I am committed to Monday Night Football and to ESPN.RT @IanOConnor ESPNNewYork.com column Vince Lombardi Jr . says his dad wouldve wanted the Super Bowl in NY . Chargers suspect that K Nate Kaeding tore his left anterior cruciate ligament ,  per team source . He will undergo an MRI on Monday to confirm . This is impressive Broncos starting RT Ryan Harris opened his home health care service ,   . Mike Mularkey's interview with the Broncos has been cancelledpostponed . Condolences to family and friends of longtime NFL asst coach Bob Karmelowicz ,  who died Saturday following an illness . He was 60. Sad . One more reason Tennessee claimed Randy Moss on waivers WR Kenny Britt is expected to miss at least four weeks with hamstring injury . #KnowThemFromAdamPatriots WR @Edelman11 on his knee injury ,  whether he could return for postseason ,  his family ,   . 2nd hit of day ,  2nd @bat ,  @2pm ,  Jeter #2 ,  becomes 2nd player to reach 3k hits w HR . The date  ?  7911   3 squared plusminus 2. #cantmakeup . Former Heisman Trophy winner and Bears' first round pick Rashaan Salaam died at age of 42 ,  per family spokesman . Another gone way too soon . The NFL's other Final Four ,  and why life is so hard for Houston ,  Tennessee and Jacksonville . Martellus Bennett's Week 4 performance ,  11 catches for 83 yards and a TD ,  headlines the @easportsmut team of the week . The nerve s  RT @jarradtauzin aug 17th day of reckoning . Cold sweats & the twitters . Will be a 'this is sportscenter' commercial someday . Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger will address the media today at 7 p.m . at Steelers headquarters at the UPMC Sports Performance Complex . Cardinals placed QB Carson Palmer on IR . Despite a sprained wrist ,  Bengals QB AJ McCarron is expected to play in Week 17 vs . Ravens ,  per ESPN's Ed Werder and multiple reports . When reporters approached Redskins CB DeAngelo Hall after practice regarding his 30,000 fine ,  Hall said only back up off me ,  bro.Though Michael Floyd was sentenced today to one day in jail ,  Vikings are standing behind him and keeping him  . Bengals QB Carson Palmer took a pain killing injection in shoulder to help him start today's game vs . the Colts . Browns nabbed their RB ,  agreed to terms with former Texans RB Ben Tate on a two year deal ,  per source . Cardinals CB Antonio Cromartie ,  listed as questionable with ankle injury ,  will play tonight versus St . Louis Rams ,  per team official . QB Kevin Kolb was talking to Hannah Storm seconds ago ,  before he comes on Sportscenter ,  and he he responded to her by saying ,  Yes ,  ma'am.For what it's worth ...  RT @CinBengalsNFL    No sign of benson in early warmups . As @mortreport reported ,  a consensus reached that Aldon Smith needs treatment for his substance abuse problems after today's game . Patriots WR Julian Edelman tore his ACL ,  as @AlbertBreer reported . Team's worst fears confirmed . More details on Ravens' Justin Tucker vowing to not re sign if long term deal isn't reached by Friday's deadline ...  RT @SPORTCHATTRAV Do you think their comments about Newton were genuine  ?   ...  Not a doubt in my mind . Bengals officially have signed RB Joe Mixon ,  per source . NFLPA has determined Jay Zs company ,  Roc Nation Sports ,  followed necessary rules and legally recruited Jets QB Geno Smith last spring . Matt Shaughnessy signing one year deal in Arizona . ESPN acquired rights to the new college football playoff that begins after the 2014 regular season ,  as part of a new 12 year agreement . Falcons and GM Thomas Dimitroff closing in long term extension that is expected to be done shortly ,  per source . RT @DaRealKingBee21 What's latest on Bucs finding a new coach  ?   ...  Zimmer ,  Chudzinski today . Philbin ,  Clements on radar . Could go anywhere . RT @hacim why does the best driver have to be a #DebbieDowner  ?   ...  He's not . Great guy . We've had four all night drives in seven days . Nice little pickup for San Francisco DE Travis LaBoy agreed to a one year ,  1.6 million deal with the 49ers . Love this ...  Packers have signed S Nick Collins to a long term contract extension through the 2013 season . NFL fined Saints TE Jimmy Graham 30,000 for dunking footballs over the goalpost . Very good ...  RT @applesiderr #Goetzesome . Redskins have retained Steve Jackson as Safeties Coach and named Sean McVay Offensive Assistant . #KnowThemFromAdamCardinals RB David Johnson on when he could return ,  Jaguars CB Jalen Ramsey on his defense . Bummer RT @RickyWilliams Rumor has it @mortreport & @adamschefter are makin stop in Davie tomorrow . You guys missed Meditation tonight    . Notable 1st time eligible players on 2017 Pro Football Hall of Fame ballot include RB LaDainian Tomlinson ,  Donovan McNabb ,  Brian Dawkins . Seattle thought it had deal for Marshawn Lynch last week . Team drew up press release ,  was ready to announce deal   till Buffalo pulled back . RT @ItsJonny15  My Bucs wideout Mike Williams in or out  ?   ...  Bucs plan to start your wideout today . Vikings RB Adrian Peterson helped off the field after what looked like a bad leg injury . Former Texans free agent quarterback Matt Leinart is signing today with the Oakland Raiders . Giants OC Kevin Gilbride will retire ,  as @MikeGarafolo reported . Favorite to succeed him former Giants asst and Bucs OC Mike Sullivan . Another classic from Coach Wooden . RT @LATimesfarmer It's nice to be important ,  but it's more important to be nice . Filed to ESPN Some terrible news for Cincinnati . DE Antwan Odom ruptured his Achilles . Terrible injury . Patriots' WR Malcolm Mitchell lands children's book deal ...  Active today Demarco Murray ,  Kelvin Benjamin ,  Mike Wallace.Inactive today Andre Ellington ,  Devante Parker ,  Bennie Cunningham . Dolphins on to new candidate for vacant GM job Patriots director of pro personnel Nick Caserio ,  who is in Miami interviewing today . At Dulles ,  bumped into HOFer @darrellgreen28 taking away his wife   think her address is @posh44   for her birthday . Classy people . Browns cut TE Evan Moore ,  too . Colts Jacob Lacey was fined 10,000 for an illegal celebration after a touchdown Sunday . NFL spotted Lacey going to the ground . After missing out on Memphis QB Paxton Lynch in round 1 ,  Chiefs draft Stanford QB Kevin Hogan in round 5.The most social NFL moments of the 2014 offseason in 140 seconds .  &gt  . Chicago Bears signed TE Bear Pascoe to a one year contract ,  per team . Scot McCloughan Theres going to be a handful  of QBs  that are legit 1st round players   probably at least 5  . Denver and Indy each claimed former Texans WR Trindon Holliday on waivers before he was assigned to Broncos . Grinnell guard Jack Taylor scored 138 points last night . What was most impressive sports feat you ever saw  ?  Ravens have placed LB Jameel McClain  neck  on Injured Reserve and signed OLB Adrian Hamilton from their practice squad ,  so no Ray Lewis . Big move in Bay Area 49ers benching QB Colin Kaepernick for Blaine Gabbert ,  as @KyleMcLorgBASG reported . Randy Moss' name didnt appear on today's NFL Waiver Wire . Soonest he could be waived is Tuesday ,  but Moss still has not been told he's gone . Browns GM Ray Farmer also expected to be suspended for Text gate role but Cleveland is not expected to lose a draft pick ,  per sources . Johnny Fumble . A team that could roll dice RT @ClarkJudgeCBS With Smith trade ,  49ers have ammunition to take run at Darrelle Revis  . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Mueller Report is out and here   96 pages . Friday 10 Spot Todd Haley's beard ,  NFL's unsung heroes ,  and a mind blowing stat   . Texans fear LB Brian Cushing tore his ACL ,  but they will not know for sure until his MRI today . Vikings announced Leslie Frazier will not return . NFL concludes Peyton Manning didn't use HGH . A gameplan Aside from Sunday NFL Countdown at 11 am ET on ESPN ,  there's Fantasy Football Now from 1130 am ET till kickoff on ESPN2.Niners dealing   San Francisco signed CB Tarell Brown to a three year ,  7.125 million extension that included 2.5 million to sign . NFL statement on Rams' QB Case Keenum Promptly after the conclusion of yesterdays game ,  we began a review to ...  Uh oh . Cowboys WR Dez Bryant hurt his ankle and needed to be helped off the field . NFL's salary cap now expected to rise again ,  possibly by another 2 million or so per team ,  per source ...  Rappers Peyton and Eli Manning ,  Take II  . A . Haynesworth fined 7,500 ,  LaRon Landry 5,000 and DHall nothing for Sunday's sideline fracas . Falcons HC Mike Smith expected to be fined . Giants traded into Cardinals' spot . Could be another trade for another QB . JuJu Smith Schuster officially active vs Patriots . NFL attorneys declined the NFLPA's request to have commissioner Roger Goodell testify in front of U.S . District ...  Way easier said than done . Slim pickings . RT @y5nthon5a @AdamSchefter Adam ,  why haven't the Packers picked up another O Lineman or two  ?  RT @JMCowan Packers also released LB Maurice Simpkins  ...  That's the problem with only 140 characters . Can only pack in so much info . WR Austin Collie ,  WR Reggie Wayne ,  and RB Joseph Addai did not participate in practice today . Wayne and Collie questionable ,  Addai doubtful . This year's rookie class at this year's Rookie Premier ,  via @NFLPA . At ESPN ,  @jaycrawfordespn asked great question if Kirk Cousins plays well in final three games ,  would he or RGIII have higher trade value  ?  RT @espn Minnesota Vikings' Brett Favre expects to start against New England Patriots ,  says ankle much better    . Story on possible collusion between Cowboys and BroncosNFLPA is reviewing information to determine whether ...  The AFC and NFC playoff pictures boiled down ,  nice and simple .  A game ball to all those who plowed New York's highways . Well done and thank you . Update on Peyton's peydey . It's 17,466,666 1,800,000  proration from his previous deal  x 120%  23,119,999.20. Peyton's franchise tag . Look at footnote 2 in the Amicus brief the Patriots filed today  . Rams HC Jeff Fisher on ESPN's NFL32 on CB Janoeis Jenkins Hes going to be a really good player really soon for us.Packers plan to pass out 70,000 hand warmers before Sunday's wild card game vs . 49ers . Words to live by on the first NFL Sunday RT @DanielColeman you tailgate to win the game . Thanks Herm   . RT @RahimTariq Promise ,  like gentleman's agreement  ?  Or contractual language to that effect  ?   ...  Contractual language . Bears announced DT Nate Collins has a torn ACL and out for the year . ESPN's Jeremy Schapp scored first interview with Plaxico Burress . Running on tonight's 6 pm Sportscenter . Should be very interesting . If the season ended today ,  the Texans and Jaguars would own the No . 1 and No . 3 picks in the 2014 draft . So it's on tonight . Brian Price was involved in a fracas with Tampa's first round pick Mark Barron . His physical condition is a question m  . Former Chiefs defensive tackle Ron Edwards reached agreement with Carolina on a 3 yr ,  8.25 million deal . Back in April ,  ESPN reported Philly was the leading contender to host the 2017 draft . On Thursday ,  it will become official . Philly ,  2017.RT @JStoesz9..Single game tix go on sale the 20th  ?   ,  so it would make sense to announce the Favre deal around then ,  from a marketing POV . Any press is good press . Memo Roger Goodell sent to all NFL employees today on the key findings of the Mueller report ,  a copy ESPN obtained  . No practice again today for Chargers RB Ryan Mathews  groin  and WR Malcolm Floyd  hip .Filed to ESPN Bills and Browns have contacted the Rams about trading for the No . 33 pick . Jimmy Clausen ,  Colt McCoy in play . #nfldraft . Adrenaline's flowing Night before the season's first Sunday NFL Countdown . Just a reminder 11 am ET ,  ESPN . Josh McDaniels has been fined 50,000 by Commissioner Roger Goodell for prohibited videotaping of opposing team practice . One place Randy Moss hoped to go was Tenn . He plans to report ,  happily . And @ChrisJohnson28 will be happy to have him . Stretches defenses . Pro Bowl CB Brent Grimes was Falcons' franchise player . His season ending injury is a blow to the Falcons and to him . Everyone loses . Inactives RB Peyton Hillis ,  Dustin Keller ,  Stephen Hill ,  Logan Mankins ,  Julian Edelman . Actives WR Dwayne Bowe ,  Mikel Leshoure . Titans announced they signed former Bills S George Wilson . Jim Harbaugh or Les Miles   Michigan men . RT @Fryz2500 @AdamSchefter if richrod goes who would you like to see coach michigan  ?  Pat  ?  There goes perfection   not this time . Looks like ump might have blown the call at first base . That ump should apologize . RT @espn Brett Favre to contact Dr . James Andrews about his shoulder    . RT @amandarykoff George W . Bush New Orleans  ?  What happened in New Orleans  ?  I'm rooting for the Colts as the favorite.Second straight year NFL has lost a QB to an opening day ,  season ending injury   last year Tom Brady ,  this year the QB of Bears D ,  Urlacher . Roger Goodell on if he can make a decision on Nick Fairleys potential suspension before legal proceedings end We may. So it's in play . Cards' owner Michael Bidwill ,  GM Steve Keim ,  Dir of ADMN Mike Disner first group to figure out 1st rd extension under new CBA . More ahead ... He practiced today and is expected to play . RT @JohnCullen @AdamSchefter Whats your inclination on Calvin Johnson's playing status  ?  If and when Tom Brady's contract gets done ,  it is expected to be a four year extension ,  matching the length of his previous two deals . The new NBA version of two for one . RT @DeeBeeVA Congrats CAVS and MAVS . Text from one of the game's sharpest minds about what happens next Don't see talks ending they continue to talk and push towards a deal.After 21 seasons ,  former Lions K Jason Hanson announced his retirement . Chargers TE Antonio Gates has a low grade MCL sprain that ,  if he cannot play today ,  he would be expected to play next week ,  per source . Bears fully expect Jay Cutler to be their QB this season ,  per @mortreport . Saints strengthen secondary Saints reached agreement with former Ravens cornerback Fabian Washington on 1 year deal . RT @JasonRomano Adam ,  you picked the Cowboys to win on Saturday Night  ?  Explanation  ?  So who is Offensive Rookie of the Year  ?  Russell Wilson ,  Andrew Luck or Robert Griffin III  ?  For fifth time in Super Bowl era ,  Chiefs are last unbeaten team of the season . In four previous instances ,  they did not win a playoff game . 49ers owned two second round picks but the one traded for Jimmy Garoppolo is SFs original second round pick ,  per source . RT @JohnNiyo Lions confirm @chrishouston23 is NOT real .  ...  Feel free to now unfollow . ESPN's new NFL show ,  The Insiders ,  is moving to ESPN2 at 3 today . SportsCenter will stay on to cover MLB suspensions . John . And by the way ,  those NFL fines that are donated to charity are tax writeoffs for players and coaches . Filed to ESPN Broncos traded WR Jabar Gaffney to Washington for DE jeremy Jarmon . The official language The Oakland Raiders selected Terrelle Pryor ,  QB ,  Ohio State ,  in the 18th position of Round 3.Pace suspension been in works for weeks . Very hush hush . Plan was to announce it right before July 4.These NFL NFLPA meetings in Chicago were so secretive that there were other NFL owners that didn't even know about them Wednesday night . Justin Tuck speaking to media on red carpet right now ,  looking dapper . Vikings wide receiver Percy Harvin will not play Sunday vs . Chicago due to his ankle injury . After announcing his release ,  Philadelphia dealt LB Tracy White to New England for a conditional draft pick . Busy day for both teams . Fella  ?  !  ?  !  Bengals WR A.J . Green is inactive . Dallas trades to 6 and St . Louis . Wow . Great way to meet Quinton Coples ,  Cullen Jenkins to help underprivileged children with autism and cystic fibrosis  . Also ,  where were all these kind words on Michael when he was going through his legal troubles  ?  His goodness got swallowed up . you . Teams that have inquired about trading UP include DET ,  NYJ ,  CLEV  from 26  ,  SF ,  HOU  from round 2 into 1  ,  ATL  from round 2 into 1 .Saints list WR Lance Moore as out ,  Giants list LB Mark Herzlich as out ,  Steelers list RB Mewelde Moore as out ,  C Maurkice Pouncey as quest . Texans TE CJ Fiedorowicz ,  who has a history of concussions ,  being evaluated for another concussion . RT @1WinningDrive Ravens are talking with OT Bryant McKinnie about a deal and are trying to complete it . Here are this weeks knee jerk reactions from   . Albert Haynesworth passed his conditioning test ,  each 1st rd pick signed . If I weren't living on a bus ,  I'd take the rest of the summer off . Former Jets RB Curtis Martin will serve as the teams honorary captain for Sundays AFC Championship Game . Steelers have terminated the contract of offensive line coach Jack Bicknell ,  Jr. ,  team announced today . The 6th round pick in the Brandon Lloyd to Rams trade will turn to a 5th round pick if he catches 30 passes the rest of the season . Charlie Weis ,  Mike Martz linked to potential opening for Bears offensive coordinator . Keep eye on USC OC Jeremy Bates   Cutler loves him . The lowdown on Dez Bryant and the changed pro day date . RT @No1RedSoxFan It's not like they'll bad mouth Cam to you .  ...  Had to hear what they said and the way they said it . They very impressed . RT @BShah23 @hansonscott Does James Harrison's TD in the Super Bowl count as a run  ?   ...  Think so . That's a run that compares to Lynch's . And now ,  with RGIII headed to Cleveland ,  ,  there's one less landing spot for Colin Kaepernick . This would be how to start a Twitter fight ...  RT @MizzuRah What are the chances Josh Mcdaniels takes over the offensive coordinator position in kc next year  ?   ...  Low . Not expecting it . Cleveland gave former Raiders DT Desmond Bryant a five year ,  34 million deal . This is   and was   the situation . If Dolphins RB Ronnie Browns rushes for 30 yards today and finishes season with 750 yards ,  he will collect a 500,000 incentive . RT @robertamberg Bruce Allen was on NFL radio today and implied he was going to take time to get to know Zorn .  Change seems unlikely now . Former Rams' DE Chris Long is scheduled to visit Washington on Tuesday ,  per @wingoz . Questionable Patriots expected to play today LeGarrette Blount ,  Martellus Bennett ,  Julian Edelman.Not expected to play Jamie Collins . CB Dominique Rodgers Cromartie reached agreement with the New York Giants on a five year deal ,  per source . Now that NFL has implicated Richie Incognito ,  Mike Pouncey ,  John Jerry ,  Roger Goodell will review report before making any further decisions . My team Turner ,  Rodgers ,  V . Jackson ,  Parker ,  Marshall ,  L . Washington ,  Avery ,  J . Carlson ,  Vikes D ,  Norwood ,  Schaub ,  Graham ,  Meachem ,  K Brown . A Merry Christmas message ...  Redskins announced they have hired Phillip Daniels as the teams Director of Player Development . NFL Sr . VP Of Health and Safety Policy Jeff Miller on Chris Borland's decision We respect Chris Borlands ...  New day and age . Broncos are first team to post videos of job interviews with HC candidates . Wonder who they'll friend . World in which we live RT @ScottIsaacs17 Thanks to viewer J McMahon here's Tom Brady's Audi  . Colts released RB Joseph Addai ,  LB Gary Brackett ,  defensive back Melvin Bullitt ,  tight end Dallas Clark and quarterback Curtis Painter . Two weeks from today Jets rookies report to SUNY Cortland ,  Ravens rookies report to McDaneil College . Getting closer ... At No . 150 ,  Patriots just drafted Michigan P Zoltan Mesko . #nfldraft . But USC S Taylor Mays clocked an unofficial time of 4.24. Dinero . Stunner Texans trade Brock Osweiler AND 2018 2nd rd pick to CLEV for Browns to take Osweiler contract off Houston books ,  sources tell ESPN . This is the first time since at least 1980 that a team has surrendered three 1st round picks to move into the top 5 of the draft . M's are Joseph Maio ,  my wife Sharri's first husband ,  my son Devon's biological father ,  a man still greatly missed and loved . 911 is 247.Cleveland now has 6 picks in top 100 for whats considered a deeper draft class than previous years . NFL providing its own stimulus   60 million for Aaron Curry ,  50 million for Roddy White . Together ,  they'll make slightly more than Eli M . Falcons have chance to sweep normally rugged NFC East today . Already have beaten Eagles ,  Giants ,  Cowboys . Now Falcons host Redskins today . RT @mortreport It's a 5th round pick 49ers gave Dolphins for Ginn . Filed to ESPN after taping special edition of The Mort Report #NFLDraft . Condolences to the family of Foge Fazio . RIP . Bears signed former Colts LB Jerrell Freeman to a 3 year contract . Colts releasing RB Chris Rainey was not performance based Indy released Rainey for violating team rules ,  per source . Touchdown . Sharper . Counted . Saints down 7 ,  24 17 ,  with 1350 left in the third . Looks like one of the rare good games of the day . Colts WR TY Hilton was limited at practice today due to a groin injury . Ed Reed goes on waivers . A team claiming him would owe him 412,000 plus 62,500 for each game he's active ,  via  . Rams QB Sam Bradford tore his ACL . He's out for year ... Guess which QB leads the NFL in completion percentage this season Alex Smith at 70 percent ,  2.3 percent higher than Peyton Manning . Filling in again tomorrow on the Mike and Mike in the Morning show with the newest person to join Twitter ,  @EKshow . David Garrard anticipates putting a deal together with Jets once they can work through cap issues ,  per source . Bo RT @grizzlyblair Any word on when the nfl schedule is coming out for 2012 ?   ...  Usually about mid April . Former 49ers WR Ted Ginn is signing a one year deal with the Carolina Panthers . Broncos and John Elway have met multiple times . Deal to have him join front office still on track . Looks like it could get done next week . Based on strength of schedule tiebreakers Rams now almost assured of no worse than a top 3 pick from Washington Redskins . RT @NFLprguy If Pats win tmrw ,  Jets will play @Colts 815p ET Sat If Ravens win ,  Jets@Chargers 440 pm Sun . Seahawks have agreed to terms with eight 2012 draft choices ,  including defensive end Bruce Irvin and quarterback Russell Wilson . Cowboys DT Joh Brent booked into Dallas' Lew Sterrett Justice Center on Thursday after another positive drug test . After watching Auburn OT Greg Robinson ,  some NFL scouts have compared him to former Cowboys Hall of Fame Larry Allen . Paul Silas ,  Lebron's first NBA coach ,  told the Waddle & Silvy Show on ESPN 1000 ,  he believs his former player will be leaving Cleveland . Biggest off season QB domino already has fallen Eagles have re signed Michael Vick to a one year deal for 2013 season . RT @DariusMDavisJr @AdamSchefter must have been your wife's idea .  ...  You're a wise man ,  DariusMDavis . Happy wife ,  happy life . Panthers added 2 million in incentives to TE Greg Olsen's contract ,  per source . Chicago WR Brandon Marshall  foot  is probable . Will play.Dallas WR Miles Austin  hamstring  did not practice ...  RT @xocdraval Shouldn't Rooney Rule be applied in situation with Saints  ?   ...  It will be . No hires outside organization until rule is met . LB Sean Spence has agreed to a one year ,  3M deal with the Colts ,  per source . Packers placed LB Sam Barrington on injured reserve with season ending foot injury . St . Louis claimed two players . Rams were awarded LaJuan Ramsey ,  DT from TEN ,  and Anthony Smith ,  S from GB on waivers . Rex Ryan to join ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown for Super Bowl . Tom Brady turns 39 in August ,  so his new ,  agreed to ,  2 year extension gives him chance to play in New England until he's 42 years old . Former Jets ,  Ravens and Broncos DL Trevor Pryce is in Oakland visiting the Raiders . Pryce open to playing again in right situation . Day 2 of the NFL Draft is setting up as a huge QB day ... Sun ,  Jan 13 Atlanta hosts divisional playoff at 1 pm ET ,  New England hosts at 430 pm ET . And as @jwyattsports ,  reported Titans also have a four year ,  30 million deal in place with LB Derrick Morgan . 49ers are signing former Cardinals RB Alfonso Smith to help make up for loss of Kendall Hunter and LaMichael James . Chicago rookie safety Eddie Jackson is first player in NFL history with multiple defensive TDs of at least 75 yards in a single game . Newly acquired WRs Anquan Boldin and T.J . Houshmandzadeh were supposed to be the difference for the Ravens . They were . Uh oh @mortreport reports Robert Griffin III will undergo total reconstruction surgery of his right knee early Wednesday morning . Eagles have re signed four players to the practice squad WR Danny Amendola ,  G Paul Fanaika  fun EYE kuh  ,  G Mike Gibson ,  and TE Rob Myers . Here's Johnny ...  RT @sportswatch Pre @JManziel2 starting ,  FOX planned to show Bengals Browns in 16 percent of nation . Now 46 percent . Rutgers HC Kyle Flood on Mark Harrison I've been on a lot of road trips and weve never had a single ...  RT @adbrandt Went through many Mondays and Tuesdays in 9 years in GB where it looked like no way Brett would play . He played . He'll play . Redskins believe Robert Griffin III was hurt in pileup one play before play that has been widely replayed in which RGIIi fell awkwardly . Details on Ken Whisenhunt to Titans and Lions talking with Ravens OC Jim Caldwell from @mortreport and me . After being tasered in back and hit in head with champagne bottle ,  Redskins OT Trent Williams was given and passed two concussion tests . Sources at Pro Bowl say Redskins OT Trent Williams was a victim. He suffered stitches in his head ,  got tasered but l  . Great line from @johnreporters on young people's decisions in social media age It's time for common sense to catch up with technology.Just in time for camp Jets reached agreement with cornerback Kyle Wilson on a five year deal Saturday night . Browns claimed five players on waivers WR Reggie Davis ,  DB Michael Jordan ,  NT TY McGill ,  WR Kasen Williams ,  QB Josh Woodrum . RT @NFLonTheHill Ex NFL Commish Tagliabue appointed to chair USOC Advisory Governance Committee . Good luck  !  Bengals signed Mark Carrier as defensive backs coach and promoted Paul Guenther to the position of linebackers coach . Ka ching  !  Longest Yard royalty checks keep rolling in . More money for Make A Wish Foundation . Really now Is there any family that brings more good karma to sports stars than the Kardashians  ?  O.J. Made in America  Part 1 premiers on ABC at 9 p.m . ET on Sat ,  June 11. Doc will air over four days on ...  New England's past week  were Patriots five weeks behind or five weeks ahead ?   A look back at a recent #KnowThemFromAdam podcast with former Chiefs GM John Dorsey ,  who could surface as a candida  . 49ers signed RB Glenn Winston to 3 year deal . To make room on roster ,  SF has waivedinjured RB Kendall Hunter . Gamble . Doesn't sound good Browns DT Phil Taylor injured his left pectoral today lifting weights as part of the clubs offseason program . Bucs announced rookie running back Charles Sims is scheduled to undergo surgery tomorrow on his right ankle . Antonio Brown not expected to be ready if Steelers must play wild card weekend . Heres why Carolina announced its own owner was being investigated   it knew this story was coming . Broncos scheduled to pay Josh McDaniels through 2012 ,  Mike Shanahan through 2011. No way Pat Bowlen pays three HCs in 2011. McDaniels safe . QB updates Bills HC Doug Marrone said EJ Manuel will be sidelined 4 6 more weeks Vikings announced Josh Freeman will start Monday night . First statement of solidarity from NFL players comes early Ravens Jaguars kick off in London at 930 am players still discussing what to do . Cowboys signed former BengalsBucsJetsGiants kicker Mike Nugent to replace the injured Dan Bailey ,  per sources . QB shuffling in Buffalo Bills announced they waived QB Jeff Tuel and also claimed former Jets QB Matt Simms on waivers from NY . Ocho  !  Terrelle Pryor to get more reps with Raiders first team this week ...  In his new book ,  Sean Gilbert announced his candidacy to succeed De Smith and become the NFLPAs next Executive Director . Antonio Brown got no new years added ,  and Steelers are promising to give him a true extension after this season ,  per source . You are already . RT @ACvitanov When do people start talking about how badly Denver hoodwinked Chicago in the CutlerOrton trade  ?  Bucs exclusive rights free agent RBKR Clifton Smith has signed his tender offer . Dolphins have announced the exemption for defensive end Dion Jordan has been lifted . Can you tell that I'm chomping at the bit to get back to work ,  Twitterverse  ?  Titans K Rob Bironas is active despite strained groin muscle . Titans inactives include DT Jason Jones and DE Dave Ball . Playing in Miami ,  Patriots QB Tom Brady just passed Dan Marino for fourth most passing yards in NFL history . Tis the season  for trouble  RT @JeffDarlington Dolphins DE Phillip Merling's arrest ,  via Broward County website  . FF   fantastic followers ,  and thanks to them @KelliZink @chumbawumbauk @DWTusen @JohnMarecek @EmersonKnapp @grazdanny @MrESPN09 @msarens . Source close to Lake Dawson insists that ,  for GM job ,  he never requested final say on whether MIA HC Joe Philbin would be back after 2014.Jets OC Chan Gailey said today his team has no QB competition and Geno Smith is the unquestioned starter . As expected ,  Ravens RB Ray Rice is active   and he will be a busy man today . Those unfamiliar with Type 1 diabetes should read up on how severe and challenging it is . Kudos to Cutler and everyone battling it . Now that the regular season is underway ,  Packers WR Greg Jennings will not be pursuing any type of contract extension with Green Bay . NYC police will not bring charges against Bears WR Brandon Marshall for a melee at a nightclub in March ,  said his attorney Harvey Steinberg . Eagles OC Marty Mornhinweg ,  who worked with Reggie McKenzie in Green Bay ,  scheduled to interview for Oakland's HC vacancy this weekend . Weatherchannel . From football heaven to football ...  RT @bg3 @AdamSchefter kevin o'connell to lions ... my prayers go out to him . Time for Alfred Morris ,  Rod Smith and Darren McFadden . Officially . Follow Friday ,  follow every day  @NFL32   our new NFL daily show . @mortreport ,  @SuzyNFL32 and a host of others.6 pm tonight on ESPN2 . Marshall also said he sitll very open to staying in Denver and would not be surprised if this process lasts until the NFL draft . Browns have released WR Greg Little . Elsewhere in Ohio ,  Browns signed second round pick ,  defensive back T.J . Ward ,  to a four year contract ... Bengals more interesting . And it looks like Dallas is on its way to a quiet free agent signing period ,  too . Four Chargers LBs on IR Donald Butler ,  James Holt ,  Jyles Tucker and Merriman . LB Larry English also expected to miss 2 4 more weeks . Jaguars' new logo . Like or dislike  ?  RT @Kmcleary75 Visions of trade downs dancing in my head .  ...  Then you're going to like this draft ,  I suspect . Cowboys just agreed to deal with first round pick Tyron Smith . Today is one more day for us to remember all those who sacrificed ,  and keep sacrificing ,   so we can have the freedoms we do . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . A little early for this but not entirely off . RT @mixedbruh Santonio Holmes is the Robert Horry of the NFL . Some ESPN analysts' and reporters' predictions for the coming NFL season   . Terrible news for the NY Giants . RT @ErinAndrewsESPN link to chad jones car accident .. About the 1,200 shovelers the Redskins are bringing in RT @tomshane1 Can you confirm or deny if Mike Shanahan will be among the shovelers  ?  Favre says he had a torn biceps tendon but didn't appear on injury report . League looking into why . Could result in fine . And with their free roster spot ,  Dolphins likely to sign QB David Fales ,  who worked out for team Monday and knows Adam Gases offense . RT @chrisbirckhead You're supposed to say last name and team   ...  Oops . Lombardi . 49ers . How did these two commercials not make ESPNs top 50 list First this  . Giants CB Terrell Thomas is scheduled to meet Tuesday in Pensacola ,  Florida with Dr . James Andrews . But doctors who ha  . Still trying to figure out how Bears QB Todd Collins throws four interceptions and Chicago still beats Carolina by 17 points . Chip Kelly Mic'd up this summer at Eagles' practice at Lincoln Financial Field . Here are WR Sidney Rice's numbers with Seattle fivr years up to 44 million including 18.5 million guaranteed . The Brian Cushing four game suspension story . WR turned newsmaker . RT @JoeyGalloway Former Buckeye and Ohio HS native Teddy Ginn visits the Cincinnati Bengals ... possible homecoming . Rebuilding continues Colts have waived wide receiver Blair White . Colts are planning to bring back HC Chuck Pagano for 2017 season ,  as @alexmarvez reported . Here's rest of camp tour schedule CortlandJets Monday ,  AlbanyGiants Tuesday ,  PatriotsFoxboro Wednesday ,  Canton next weekend . And now ,  as @ProFootballTalk reported ,  Seattle's deal with DE Michael Bennett is done . Expect it to be four years ,  about 34 million . Podcast posting this morning with @DeAngeloRB ,  who discusses his wrestling debut ,  his wrestling and NFL future ,  and a lot more . Checking in with the incomparable NFL Films czar Steve Sabol via @SIPeterKing . Bears G Kyle Long ,  who signed a 40 million extension last week ,  will play this season with a torn labrum in his left shoulder ,  per source . RT @FightingAxles How bad is CJ Spiller's hammy  ?  Kenny Britt serious  ?   ...  Spiller out Sunday ,  Britts torn hamstring was 6 week deal . The latest player to have issues in Cleveland ,  RB Jerome Harrison ,  was deactivated today . Whoa ...  RT @MikeReiss Patriots DE Ty Warren's hip injury is serious enough that it could threaten his 2010 season . Sounds like there could be a slew of potential trades tonight with teams on the clock . Could be a fun night in Chicago . Talks in New York done for the night . To be continued in the morning ,  with both sides and Judge Arthur Boylan . #gettingcloser . Another concussion to another NFC East RB Clinton Portis doubtful for Sunday's game against his old Broncos team . Eagles HC Chip Kelly rated Odell Beckham Jr . as the top WR in 2014 draft class.So last year Seattle traded backup QB Matt Flynn to Oakland ,  this year Oakland trades backup QB Terrelle Pryor to Seattle . Mild surprise out of Giants Stadium   Pats WR Wes Welker inactive . That's right ,  INactive . Former Packers CB Al Harris signed with the Miami Dolphins ,  according to reports . Browns have waived DB Ifo Ekpre Olomu with a non football injury . Think some people are waiting for you ,  T.O . RT @terrellowens Cincinatti Bound  !  There are no plans for a second neck procedure for Peyton Manning . Colts will address Manning's status for opener  by noon today . Lions winless streak in Minnesota over Bills winless streak vs Pats over . Lions ,  Bills remain unbeaten and stories of the season . Is it me or does it seem like more sadness than usual  ?  RIP ,  Dennis Hopper . RT @latimes Breaking Actor Dennis Hopper dies at 74.Former Lions DE Willie Young reached agreement with Bears on a 3 yr ,  9M deal that includes 4M gtd ,  as @TomPelissero reported . They'll want to play better for themselves   no guaranteed contracts . RT @nbvike61 do U think the titans will wanna play better for Vince  ?  Is this a tweet from 2007 that just found its way to my account  ?  RT @nimblephatty @AdamSchefter is Jake Plummer really done  ?  RT @BroncoFan247365 Would Denver trading Sheffler be considered a big trade  ?   ...  Nope . Big trades involve Pro Bowl players and primo picks . RT @dkaplanSBJ NFL announces it again is selling tickets to Super Bowl Media Day . Price stays same as last year ,  28.50.As draft begins ,  Patriots post this on Instagram  Teams avatar on ...  Raiders' RB Latavius Murray and WR Michael Crabtree ,  both listed as questionable ,  are good to go today vs . Bills ,  per source . And another OT addition for the Lions . Now two today . Despite being listed as questionable with a groin injury ,  Rams RB Steven Jackson is expected to play tonight vs . Cardinals . Ray Rice has retained attorney Peter Ginsberg ,  who represented Jonathan Vilma ,  in matters pending before the NFL ,  a legal source confirmed . Free agent LB Takeo Spikes meeting with Rams today and Wednesday . RT @espn Move over Letterman ,  our NFL brainiacs just submitted their Top 10 list of current players   . Bengals safety Reggie Nelson is scheduled to visit Jets on Friday . Someone does not want Brett Favre's conseecutive game streak to end . Also true RT @PhilliesCirca88 You should give Todd his props too for being a man and facing Clausen after ripping him ,  most wouldn't do it . A look at ESPN's new NFL studios   the nicest TV studio anyone will see . Debuts next Sunday.If you have a child who loves football ,  be sure to check out #SnapDecision by @NathanWhitaker . Recommended read.Jets QB forecast Sanchez and Clemens each have done good and bad things . Clemens will have to clearly outplay Sanchez . Tie goes to rookie . Packers coach Mike McCarthy said QB Scott Tolzien will start next Sunday against the Giants . A look back at Tom Dempseys 63 yd FG . Monday is 40th anniversary . And here is the link to the full 2014 NFL regular season schedule   . Arizona plans to start QB Kevin Kolb against Oakland on Friday ,  however John Skelton is now considered the favorite to win starting QB job . Seven weeks of crazy in Dallas with Cowboys  . De Smith said contents of his meeting already are being mis characterized . But only one agent's opinion was shared   he's not encouraged . This is New England's message to Chicago and Denver . Dolphins just announced that there is a mutual agreement for Jeff Irleand and them to part ways . Giants RB David Wilson ,  whose career was cut due to spinal stenosis ,  will make his pro track and field debut Saturday on Randall's Island . So what do you supposed Tiger Woods is going to be doing with his unexpected free weekend now that he has missed the cut  ?  Tom Brady signed endorsement deal with luxury car manufacturer Aston Martin . Brady will drive and endorse the DB11 ,  which starts at 211,995 . A worthwhile read RT @GreenBean612 Ricky Williams' thoughts on media coverage of NFL teams ,  fascinating as always . RT @SIPeterKing MMQB @adamschefter's 5 dog adventure @ Hampton Inn in Hershey  ...  FYI Hershey devastated by flooding at end of last week . Broncos are releasing QB Mark Sanchez ,  per source . A Univ . of Miami player has scored a TD in the NFL for 149 straight weeks . NFL's longest TD streak is San Diego at 142 games . Filed to ESPN Free agent CB Dunta Robinson and Falcons agree to a six year contract . Patriots and DT Vince Wilfork restructured his contract . It's a new 3 year ,  22.5M deal ,  per source . Wilfork stays a Patriot . Chad @ochocinco changed his Twitter avatar to a road sign showing Rock  left  and Hard Place  right . Wish him well finding way   he will . Two teams expected to have strong interest in Joe Haden are the Saints and Chiefs . Man who authorities say fired fatal shot at Sean Taylor ,  Eric Rivera Jr. ,  was convicted last fall of 2nd degree ...  Whoa ...  RT @SportsTaxMan Adam Pacman' Jones forced to pay 12.4 million for 2007 strip club incident . Jaguars RB Maurice Jones Drew has not undergone knee surgery but soreness will sideline him Saturday vs . TB . Unlikely MJD plays till opener . Titans gave former Patriots CB Logan Ryan a three year deal . Panthers RB Jonathan Stewart signed a five year extension worth 36.5 million and a max of 42.5 ,  including 22.5 million guaranteed . Filed to ESPN Joey Galloway doesn't have to go to London . The Patriots released him this morning . Galloway now free to sign elsewhere . The latest team to contact WR Terrell Owens  ?  The New York Jets . Filed this to ESPN.com Pete Carroll sure knew when to get out of dodge . Chargers released offensive lineman Orlando Franklin ,  per source . Chargers drafted two guards and deemed Franklin too pricey to keep . Broncos signed RB Juwan Thompson from their practice squad and placed RB C.J . Anderson on injured reserve . Colts announced they and Rob Chudzinski have agreed to a new contract naming him Associate Head Coach . RT @Jerrymcd Raiders players T shirts say Champions'' ,  then beneath ,  We are going to win the AFC West and then go after the Super Bowl.''This says it all . RT @wingoz fyi ,  no qb taken #1 overall and signed by that team ,  has EVER been released as early as jamarcus russell . Green Bay Packers announced they have signed first round pick Nick Perry . Sunrise by the Hudson River ...  Reports out of Eagles camp WR Riley Cooper ,  broken collarbone . Ouch . These things can and do change . But going into tonight's game ,  Cowboys expect RB DeMarco Murray to be used in a limited role . Browns reached agreement with QB Johnny Manziel  see him in cash pose now .RT @Guam929 @AdamSchefter If Chargers would have kept Carney ,  who knows  !   ,  ,  ,  And Brees . And Michael Turner . Have accumulated ,  lost talent . And so ,  Deflategate is over . Chris Henry memorial helmet decal and coaches' pin to be worn for sunday's game at San Diego . Too late already did . And now ,  @APtcollins  has deleted his tweet that Dennis Allen is fired as Raiders HC . X rays on 49ers running back Brandon Jacobs' left knee were negative but he is scheduled to undergo an MRI on it Sunday . Interesting that the three QB needy NFC West teams didn't take QBs in round 1. Arizona needs to pursue Kevin Kolb ,  SF needs @Hasselbeck . 2 is a DT named Suh . #nfldraft . Steelers gave former Panthers S Mike Mitchell a five year ,  25 million deal ,  per source . Already the War of Attrition is underway . Injuries always have a say in who wins the Super Bowl . And they will again this season . A superb headline ,  and show idea ,  in today's NY Times about the Jets and HC Rex Ryan agreeing to do HBO's HardKnocks Rex In The City.Thursday night looks like Christmas night . Cardinals officially signed QB Matt Barkley and placed OT DJ Humphries ,  S Tyvon Branch and TE Ifeanyi Momah on IR . More on Redskins QB Kirk Cousins open to being traded  . Seahawks called a press conference for 2 ET at which most expect them to announce a new deal for CB Richard Sherman . Interesting day at QB continues Jaguars are flying in former Rams quarterback Keith Null ,  and plan to sign him . ESPN's 4 hour Super Bowl Sunday NFL Countdown at 10 am ET . Includes MNF crew ,  Sean Payton and some special guests I'm hoping to meet . Teams that need CB help take note Panthers placed a 2nd round tender on CB Richard Marshall . Just as everyone expected ... Did Andrew Luck really vertical jump higher than Cam Newton did last year  ?  He did . Proof  . Pats on bye week ,  Vikes install gameplan Thursday . Leaves Wednesday as a real window to get deal done this week . San FranciscoSanta Clara snags Super Bowl L . MRI today ,  but he expects to play Sunday RT @gmenfan4life what a game last night Gmen all the way . Do u know the extent of Tucks injury  ?  Now official Redskins announced they have signed free agent wide receiver DeSean Jackson . Cassel's . Washington WR @WatchJRoss is foregoing his senior year and turning pro early ,  per source . ESPN980 in Washington and the AP reporting that Redskins RB Clinton Portis will be sidelined 4 6 weeks with groin injury . Redskins signed RB Keiland Williams to their 53 man roster . To make room for Williams ,  the Redskins waived WR Devin Thomas . Friday Blitz Redskins could be first NFL team to trade No . 1 overall pick since ... SF did it for OJ Simpson ...  Doug Baldwin ,  Seahawks meet with Seattle police officers . all . Thoughtful Roger Goodell and Merton Hanks still found time last week to fly to Easley ,  S.C ,  to attend funeral for former DE Gaines Adams . Bucs promoted CB Derrick Roberson from the practice squad to the active roster . 1. Alabama2. Clemson3. Ohio State4. Washington . Colts continue looking at ways to improve defense . NFL has questioned Redskins when they expect Robert Griffin III to return from knee injury so it can better schedule nationally TV games . Nine new NFL officials ,  including Sarah Thomas ,  the first female to be assigned full time to an NFL officiating crew . Arizona Cardinals will play the New Orleans Saints to kick off the preseason on Sunday ,  August 5 in the 2012 Hall of Fame Game in Canton ,  OH . After picking Miami's Phillip Dorsett ,  Indianapolis might have deepest WR group in NFL TY Hilton ,  Andre Johnson ,  Donte Moncrief ,  Dorsett . Official Be Bold Be Brave Be Berry shirt ,  designed by Chiefs' players in support of Eric Berry ,  is available at  . Wonder where to get this ...  RT @JBradEdwards It's that time again . I flew out this morning . My wife put up the sign . New York Jets' safety Ed Reed is starting today . Former Titans and Browns RB Terrance West was signed to Ravens practice squad . Steelers traded CB Ross Cockrell to Giants in exchange for a conditional pick in 2018 NFL Draft . Steelers placed OT Max Starks on IR due to a neck injury . Already lost OT Willie Colon to season ending injury . Now Starks . Tough . RT @mixfmkyle any DT's the Colts could go after to replace big Ed Johnson  ?  He was their best run stopper ... very few good DTs on market . Eagles visit Panthers tonight . Carolinas Cam Newton looking to set a franchise record by throwing for 300 yards in a 3rd consecutive game . Maggie's measurables off the charts ...  Cardinals HC Bruce Arians announced Blaine Gabbert will start in Week 12 against Jaguars . He faces his original team . Saturday's cuts included Brady Quinn ,  Vince Young ,  Jimmy Clausen ,  Matt Leinart ,  Greg McElroy ,  Tim Tebow . For millions of fantasy players out there ,  a playoff spot is on the line . Many will make or miss playoffs based on  . Former Raiders QB JaMarcus Russell arrested Monday for possession of a controlled substance ,  according to Mobile County Sheriff's Office . RT @DaveKrieger Wow . So sad . Great storyteller . RT @RVRB Rock promoter Barry Fey's death was suicide ,  coroner rules  . New This Is SportsCenter ad   starring Rob Gronkowski . Ozzie Newsome loves Alabama players ... With first round pick Ziggy Ansah signed ,  Lions now the first team to have all its 2013 picks under contract . Despite being listed as questionable due to illness ,  Steelers WR Martavis Bryant will play Sunday vs Jaguars ,  per source . Not just @EmmittSmith22's birthday today . Also the birthday of two prolific WRs and great guys ,  @TheREALrodSmith and @desmondhoward . One week from tonight ,  it's here . Finally  !  2014 NFL Draft airs on ESPN May 8 at 8 pm ET . NFL is considering former GMs Scott Pioli and Rod Graves ,  as well as NFL execs Merton Hanks and Troy Vincent for job Ray Anderson vacated . RT @SportsCenter BREAKING Brady Hoke has been fired as Michigans head coach . He was 31 20 in 4 seasons at UM .  multiple reports  . More coaching changes Lions dismissed special teams coach Stan Kwan . Time to trudge on . Morning flight to old home ,  Denver . Going to be a great weekend there . Happy 4th to everyone . Be safe . RT @EN73 Boondock Saints ,  bro ...  And Social Network . And Edge of Darkness . And Celtic Pride  !    Boston is Hollywood East . Police are seeking to question LSU offensive lineman La'el Collins following the shooting death of a pregnant ...  Colts WR TY Hilton ,  questionable with foot injury and said to be a game time decision ,  is not expected to play today vs . Denver ,  per source . Like Teddy's chances this season . It could be that LeGarrette Blount wasn't scheduled for today . RT @AlexBraga There's another Oregon pro day next Thursday . Seahawks and quarterback Brady Quinn officially have agreed to terms ,  team announced . Eagles are expected to hire Chiefs OC Doug Pederson once Kansas City's season ends ,  as @LesBowen reported . Broncos announced QB Peyton Manning expected to miss at least the next two weeks . RT @ESPNNFL BREAKING Eric Rivera Jr. ,  convicted of 2007 murder of Redskins star Sean Taylor ,  sentenced to more than 57 years in prison . A quote on front page of NY Times the day after 911 remains seared in my mind . It's as if New York had its two front teeth knocked out.Former 49ers LB Navorro Bowman is visiting the Raiders in Monday and then is planning to visit the Cowboys ,  per source . For what it's worth ,  I also was told that Vick was not with Iverson on Monday night . I'm just saying ... Ryan Fitzpatrick will have played in 70% of Jets' plays this season ,  triggering added comp to Houston condtl 7th rd pick now becomes a 6th . NFL sent a second memo to teams ,  listing players that have had multiple unnecessary roughness infractions . Contemplate ,  appreciate ,  celebrate.Merry Christmas . Look ,  we all know Bill Belichick has won a lot of games ... BUT ...  As Ed Werder reports ,  The trade sending cornerback Eric Wright from the Bucs to the 49ers was rescinded when the player failed his physical . Packers HC Mike McCarthy has a 500,000 bonus if GB wins Super Bowl . Steelers HC Mike Tomlin also has SB win bonus  . Of the two men I never heard of before Sunday ,  Oregon State DT Stephen Paea made more of an impression on me than James Franco . Carolina ,  Denver ,  Jacksonville and SF each put in waiver claims for former Patriots CB Darius Butler ,  who was awarded to Panthers . Rams take DE Robert Quinn . It's hardly 100 percent ,  and they won't know for sure till later ,  but Ravens think Justin Forsett should be able to play . This season ,  Cowboys haven't won a game without Tony Romo ,  nor a game with Greg Hardy . Marvin Lewis relieved that trade for QB AJ McCarron fell through ...  Big story of the day Chiefs' RB Jamaal Charles to IR . What @Edwerderespn has reported a source tells ESPN the Steelers fear the QB has suffered a pretty significant injury to throwing shoulder . Good sign for Bengals and Cincinnati Bengals Browns game sold out and will not be blacked out locally . Jags OT Eugene Monroe wound up signing a six year deal that voids to a five worth 35.4 million ,  including 19.02 million guaranteed . Big .Ravens and their top pick ,  Sergio Kindle ,  finally reached agreement on a contract . But Kindle will not play this season . Paid to rehab . Kudos to my friend JR . RT @GrantWahl Knew there was a good story behind MoehringerAgassi collaborative process  . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Friday . Friday Blitz Matt Flynn makes more than Andrew Luck ,  RGIII ,  Ryan Tannehill ,  Russell Wilson   combined . Bills ruled out DT Marcell Dareus and OT Cordy Glenn for Sunday's game vs . Broncos . According to @JosinaAnderson ,  Broncos LB Von Miller   the NFL's Defensive Rookie of the Year   plans to play today with his thumb injury . As Chicago Tribune reported ,  Bears signed former Broncos LB D.J . Williams to a one year deal . Anyone in New York on Tuesday can attend a Best Buddies benefit concert featuring Elaine Kwon at Carnegie Hall  . And we thought Game 7 of the World Series was dramatic . One NFL GM said Christian McCaffrey had the best combine workout I've seen . Ever. It's one reason McCaffrey likely to go in top 10.As cuts before free agency continue ,  Panthers release FB Mike Tolbert . NO @ NFC West Saturday at 430 EST ,  Ravens @ KC Sunday at 1 EST . Colts new OC Bruce Arians Hopefully Peyton can come back and get ready to go . But ,  there will be a new quarterback and a new beginning.Titans ownership has insisted to job candidates it has interviewed since season ended that ,  contrary to belief ,  it is not selling franchise . Five NFL general managers were fired Monday . Only four GMs were fired on the Monday after the regular season from 2007 11 combined . RT @mortreport As Adam and I talked about today ,  look for Commish to make a 2009 ruling on Saints' Starcaps case by Monday or Tuesday . RT @tKister54 What do you think of #detroitlions  ?  Playoff contender or no  ?   ...  Contender . Legit . Absolutely . Have said it since off season . With all this late fourth quarter drama ,  maybe they should just replace games on Sundays with these CBA negotiations . Steelers WR JuJu Smith Schuster  hamstring  is out Sunday night vs . Packers . be ... Ravens waived RB Trent Richardson . Have a happy Thanksgiving everyone ,  especially the men and women defending our country . We have plenty to be thankful for . After serving a six game suspension ,  Zeke Elliott due back at Cowboys training complex this morning . Chargers chairman 'looking forward' after announcing L.A . move ,  per @JimTrotterNFL  . As we get closer to 1 pm kickoff ,  there's only one thing to say at this point Uurtoirttrttt . Only two of the 11 NFL head coaches hired in 2009 remain Jim Schwartz and Rex Ryan . Other nine   nine  !    each now fired . Dolphins released Randy Starks this morning . Colts and Drew Rosenhaus   agent for WR T.Y . Hilton   scheduled for continued face to face contract talks Wednesday in Indiana ,  per source . Jordan Reed and Josh Norman ,  both recovering from concussions ,  have been cleared to travel to London tonight . 12 Colleague Mike Tirico bumped into Brandon Marshall after the wide receiver returned to Denver . Marshall said the visit was great ... Cardinals placed RB Chris Johnson and S Tyvon Branch on IR ,  signed QB Zac Dysert and RB Kerwynn Williams . Our ESPN commercials continue today   and first up is Mr . @Kimkardashian . Seahawks HC Pete Carroll said WR Doug Baldwin ,  even while nursing a groin injury ,  is planning on playing Sunday night vs Colts . NFLPA statement on behalf of Adrian Peterson The report that I backed out of a meeting with the NFL is just not ...  RT @DaveGold what does a tender mean  ?   ...  Teams have seven days to match any offer player gets or get attached compensation in return . 49ers haven't made any decisions about whether to reduce their offer to Crabtree . They've discussed that option ,  along with other options . Sometimes I just can't stop tweeting my twitter . RT @DeanVandermeer with a loss here ,  is Andy Reed looking for work any time soon  ?   ...  No . All of a sudden ,  Seattle has lots more offensive firepower 3rd round pick Tyler Lockett ,  former Saints TE Jimmy Graham . More picks ahead . Enjoy what could be the final Sunday of a full slate of NFL games for eight plus months   and maybe longer . RT @espn Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones mocks Bill Parcells ,  Tim Tebow in video    . Special teams coach Bruce DeHaven passed away this evening after a courageous battle against cancer . RIP . DT T.Y . McGill was arrested for marijuana possession hours before Browns claimed him on waivers ...  RT @thepearl52 lol at jim leonhard . hes easier to replace than a chin strap . BALTIMORE made jim he was nothing before he came ,  nothing after . Tom Brady reflects on being drafted 21 years ago today by ... the Montreal Expos . So the only game that NBC flexed this season now has been flexed to Tuesday night . Thoughts and prayers everywhere for The Champ . NFL said it expects to play Sundays Philadelphia at Washington game as scheduled on Sunday at 1 p.m . ET . Redskins fear veteran S DeAngelo Hall tore his ACL ,  per source MRI today will tell full story . Cam Newton is being asked to play safer after suffering concussion . With the knee injury to QB Drew Stanton   an MRI is set for this morning   Cardinals have become the NFL's Ohio State . Bengals TE Tyler Eifert is undergoing ankle surgery today and ,  according to a source ,  could miss the first couple of games of the season.Cleveland 4 wins from 1st title since Browns won NFL Championship in 1964 longest title drought for any city with at least 2 pro teams . 22 Former Steelers CB Deshea Townsend   who played under Horton in Pittsburgh   is expected be an assistant coach under Horton . Rams WR Mike Thomas suspended first four games of 2017 regular season for violating NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . Georgia LB Jarvis Jones ,  the top player on Mel Kiper's draft board ,  will not work out at combine and focus on Pro Day in Athens ,  Ga. ,  Mar 21 . RT @jeffduncantp Payton per neworleans.com TE Jeremy Shockey is feeling better and everything looks real good. Best injury update of the day . RT @tunasweasel Great news . Coach Ditka has been released from the hospital . CB Brandon Browner is visiting Washington today ,  then plans to visit N.O . while his agent Peter Schaffer talks with New England and Oakland . Broncos signed center Dustin Fry ,  guard Matt McChesney and punter A.J . Trapasso to future contracts . Twists of life are odd . Last month Pittsburgh was thisclose to trading WR Limas Sweed to Tampa . It didn't . He stayed   and hurt Achilles . Best wishes to Annie Apple . I'm out of baseball loop ,  but lemme get this straight Manny Ramirez was pregnant the past six years  ?  Dez Bryant and Tony Romo have 100M in GTD money ,  most for any QB WR duo . It's nearly 15M GTD more than next closest QB WR ,  Calvin Stafford . Saints G Jahri Evans will make 19 million in first year of his new deal ,  then 25.7 million over first three years of his deal . Bucs RB Doug Martin failed a drug test and is being suspended four games starting now ,  per league sources . NY Times makes it sound like LeBron James will land in Chicago . I think it's a done deal ,  an NBA executive told the newspaper . Chase Utley is one at bat and home run away from going Reggie Jackson . Broncos announced they signed forner Chargers running back Jacob Hester to their active roster . Colts announced they signed outside linebacker Andy Studebaker and waived guard Todd Herremans and inside linebacker Amarlo Herrera . From the NFLGreg Hardy of the Dallas Cowboys was notified today that he is suspended without pay for the ...  No surprise here Bears informed defensive end Alex Brown that they are releasing him today . So the Rams get back an offensive lineman and the Raiders are back to square one at left tackle . RT @Everclearboy How fitting would it be for Indy and Cincy to pull starters and let the Jets into the playoffs if Jets knock them out . 22 Griffey walked over ,  extended his hand and said ,  Nice to meet you ,  I'm Eddie Murphy.As my bus driver said to me this morning ,  Finally.Statement from @scottfujita99 I'm pleased the Commissioner has finally acknowledged that I never participated in any  . Mike Zimmer confirms Dalvin Cook torn ACL . Done for season . RT @BonnieBESPN DVT Awareness Mo . Nearly took my life & kills more than breast cancerAIDS . Pls go 2 PreventDVT.org 2 see if ur at risk . 49ers placing WR Pierre Garcon on IR ,  per GM John Lynch . Jets are hiring Todd Bowles as their HC ,  per source . Former Giants CB Prince Amukamara is signing a 1 year deal with Jacksonville ,  per source . So the Jets are in the playoffs . It just happens to be in a Pepsi commercial . Love this series and these stories ...  RT @espnnfceast DeSean Jackson delivers on 'My Wish'  . One final tweet on end of game controversy   there was no penalty because ,  by rule ,  roughing the passer cannot be called on a fumble . RT @bhofheimerespn Reminder Lara Logan's profile of ESPN's Chris Berman airs on Showtime's @60minSports at 9p . Charles Woodson's new one year deal with the Oakland Raiders is worth a maximum of 4.3 million . Like Giants ,  Redskins lose 2nd rd pk  RT @Jarvis99jenkins Redskin fans thanks for the support I love you all.unfortunately it is a ACL tear . The hearing for suspended players in bounty scandal with Paul Tagliabue will be November 20.In a move that will have a ripple effect on all QB needy teams ,  Patriots are not expected to trade QB Jimmy Garoppolo ,  per league sources . The other side RT @JStevens2k11 And those 40 students were blocking the hallway and refused to get up after repeated requests from faculty . Arizona gave LB Joey Porter a three year ,  17.5 million contract ,  with a max value of 24.5 million . Porter strikes again . RT @sethphelps @AdamSchefter any chance Matt Ryan plays tomorrow  ?   ...  I'd be shocked . RT @BroncosForums Adam ,  can you help spread the word  ?    Eddie Royal raising money and awareness to fight breast cancer  . Giants OC Kevin Gilbride on rookie RB David Wilson I don't know if we've had a guy as explosive ,  regardless of the position ,  here.Titans tendered LB Stephen Tulloch the 1st round tender  RB LenDale White and DT Kevin Vickerson were tendered at 2nd round level . Steelers announced a two year contract extension for HC Mike Tomlin that will keep him with team through at least the 2018 season . When many NFL teams opt for coaching change ,  Jaguars choosing stability and continuity ,  an encouraging sign for their leadership and future . Here's what happens when price of franchise tags drops 21 players get franchise tags ,  seven more than any other year in NFL free agency . Geno Smith My only goal is to heal quickly and get back to playing with my teammates so I can be the best QB possible for the NY Jets.Another sleeper team on Jared Allen Jets . Rex Ryan spoke to Allen last week ,  Jets asst . Karl Dunbar coached Allen in Minn . Jets wanted in . RT @skinnylou13 Do u think Dez Bryant will have the same impact Michael Irvin had  ?  .. If he can stay healthy ,  he can be great . But big if . RT @JermichaelF88 Go Pack Go . Im coming back for Play Offs and the Super Bowl . See ya then  !  Eagles HC Andy Reid announced that RB LeSean Mccoy will start Sunday vs . Washington and share carries with Bryce Brown . RT @ElonThaDon What do you think the REDSKINS will do at QB  ?   ...  If they don't know ,  how can we  ?  But we all know they have to do something . Update Peyton Manning has tear of plantar fascia in left foot . Whichever foot ,  hard to imagine QB Brock Osweiler isn't starting Sunday . PART 1 Saints facing QBs making first NFL starts in each of the first two weeks . Elias says last team to do that was the Raiders in 1988.Jets plan to have follow up discussions for GM job with former Bears GM Jerry Angelo ,  Jets assistant GM Scott Cohen and Steelers' Omar Kahn . So I now see that the tweet topic of the day has gone from crabtree last week to TO yesterday to Brady Quinn till trade deadline . Browns claimed former Seahawks RB Robert Turbin on waivers ,  per source . Turbin recovering from ankle sprain ,  ready in a few weeks . Filed to ESPN   Vikings CB Antoine Winfield will not play today vs . Pittsburgh due to a foot injury . Eagles plan to have QB Michael Vick start Sunday . Zane beadles to Denver . #nfldraft . For what it's worth ,  prior to MRI on his knee Monday ,  Russell Wilson is expecting to play next Sunday vs Jets . Philadelphia reached agreement with former Tennessee Pro Bowl DE Jason Babin on a five year contract . He's reunited with Jim Washburn . Remembering all those who sacrificed so much ,  and those who continue to sacrifice ,  on this and every day . Thank you . Chiefs WR Jeremy Maclin  ankle  is officially listed as questionable for KCs game vs . Patriots . NFL fined Cam Heyward exactly 5,787 for displaying personal message on his eye black ,  even if it was a tribute to his father ,  Iron Head.Some players rise to the moment.Those players don't get benched . Eric Mangini said Monday that he will wait until Wednesday to announce whether Derek Anderson or Brady Quinn will start next Monday night . NFL told team execs at this weeks owners meetings that 2016 salary cap projects between 150 153.4 million ,  per sources . Cap now 143.28M . RT @SalaryCap101 Based upon Ryans ,  Dansby ,  & Scott contracts ,  @PatrickWillis52 can expect 25M 28M on 5yr extension   . Cleveland Browns or Buffalo Bills need to hire Theo Epstein . Notre Dame's Senior Day turned into a very bad day . A working video ,  in the interest of fairness ...  Seattle proposed sending Percy Harvin to Denver ,  sources say ,  in exchange for Pro Bowl TE Julius Thomas . Broncos never pondered it . No . About to send a RT from @PeteThamelNYT that I can't fit in one ,  so this next one   which is worth reading   is his . Patriots' WR Julian Edelman carted off with knee injury . Texans RB Arian Foster could be seeing Dr . Meyers in Philadelphia on Friday ,  so there might not be clarity on his injury till later in week . Business as usual Including 5th rd pick TCU LB Tank Carder ,  Buffalo and its GM Buddy Nix now have drafted seven players from the South . QB Derek Anderson out of Cleveland ,  and he might not be alone . Browns have discussed dealing QB Brady Quinn with other teams . Bengals announced they waived QB Terrelle Pryor . Mike Williams' don't exactly have a great NFL track record . RT @AaronL2 @AdamSchefter What's to become of Syracuse WR Mike Williams  ?  Browns rookie RB Duke Johnson Jr . left practice with a hamstring injury and RB Terrance West left with a calf injury . And so it begins . taking . John Clayton reports Josh McDaniels officially scratched WR Brandon Marshall for Sunday vs . Chiefs due to hamstring injury . Moving interview on NFL Countdown right now with Pat Tillman's widow . Wow ...  RT @ussoccer Soldier Field is rockin' for the #USAvBEL viewing party . #OneNationOneTeam  . Bears signed 1st round pick Kyle Fuller . Only unsigned pick is 3rd rounder ,  which should be done soon . Then draft class signed . RT @mzdelz @AdamSchefter Maybe he a straight shooter after all  lol . NFLs independent investigator Ted Wells is planning to meet with Dolphins OT Jonathan Martin late next week in LA ,  per league source . When Mike Shanahan became John Elway's head coach ,  Elway was 34 with rep for not winning big one . McNabb is 33 with same reputation . The top 10 moments of the NFL Year  . RT @SportsCenter Eagles presser live on SportsCenter right now  ...  Michael Vick has a rib cartilage injury ,  LeSean McCoy has a broken rib . Must see TV ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown will play 10 straight minutes of Tim Tebow miked up from last Sunday's win over Chicago . Giants announced they signed John Jerry ,  who started all 16 games at right guard each of the last two last seasons for the Miami Dolphins . Now that Texans QB Brian Hoyer is out of concussion protocol ,  he will start Sunday vs . Jags in game Houston has to have to win AFC South . Browns are signing Bengals RFA WR Andrew Hawkins to an offer sheet ,  per source close to situation . Details of offer sheet are pending . Prayers up ...  MT @CraigSagerJr We wanted to ensure he was taken care of before we shared this#SagerStrong ...  Falcons TE Tony Gonazalez is active . It wouldn't be summer without proverbial Bus Cook quote ,  I don't know and I don't know when I will. Training camp is just about here  !  RT @RickMaese Zorn confirms broken bone in Cooley's right ankle . Won't say he's out for the season ,  but we're hearing he likely is ...  . Remembering Dennis Byrd ,  Dennis Green ,  Eugene Parker ,  Buddy Ryan ,  Rashaan Salaam ,  John Saunders ,  Arnold Palmer ,  Muhammad Ali . Division III Eureka  Illinois  College QB Sam Durley broke the NCAA record with 736 passing yards . Eureka  !  Top 6 NFC seeds if playoffs started today 1. Packers 2. 49ers 3. Saints 4. Cowboys 5. Bears 6. Falcons . Giving Ben a different kind of bad rap . RT @espn Rapper Eminem rips Roethlisberger in new song    . #KnowThemFromAdam@DeAngeloRB with announcements about his wrestlingNFL futuresLISTEN  . RT @KandiMan30 Could Dolphins get Matt Flynn & Mike Wallace  ?   ...  Flynn maybe . But Miami not trading 8th pick for Wallace . ESPNs Monday Night Football 21.4 Million Viewers for Pats Saints game . Second most watched cable program of all time behind Favre Pack . John Saunders worked at ESPN since 1986. He was a founding board member of V Foundation . He hosted Sports Reporters . He was 61 and beloved . Giants officials have come and gone from S . Florida without getting chance to visit the injured JPP ,  per sources . Made trip ,  never visited . RT @SportsCenter #NFL    Redskins QB John Beck 'I'm thinking I'm the starter'   . No player appreciates NFL history more than Peyton Manning   this has to really rankle him . NFL still expected to fine Bucs S Dashon Goldson but he is eligible to play vs . Patriots with his suspension overturned . Tony Romo has a compression fracture of his L1 vertebrae ,  per @toddarcher ,  an injury that could sideline him 6 10 weeks . RT @MoveTheSticks Raiders signed Boller .. makes sense with Hue Jackson coming over from Baltimore . Getting ready watch Brett Favre in the snow against the Bears is like getting ready to watch Evel Knievel jump the Snake River Canyon . As the erudite Bill Polian pointed out ,  Saturday is the draft day that NFL scouts work for all year . These four rounds are all about them . This was superb ... and well deserved . DT Josh Brent went to Jerry Brown's family to get its blessing on resuming his NFL career ,  and Peter Schaffer said the family extended it . Bears QB Jay Cutler will miss at least 2 weeks with hamstring injury ,  per sources . Jimmy Clausen now starts . The Bears declined comment . 4 teams remain in a different kind of playoffs ...  After @SIPeterking read this  . I mean ,  really ,  when's the last time we heard this little about the Cowboys  ?  Ever  ?  1st Time HOF Eligibles for Class of 2018LB Ray LewisWR Randy MossG Steve HutchisonDE Richard SeymourLB Brian UrlacherCB Ronde Barber . Michael Vick ,  Brett Favre ,  Ben Roethlisberger . Nice to see NFL enjoying quiet before the storm . Sheesh ,  what happens when camp opens  ?  !  ?  RT @DukeofWorth if a CBA isn't done this week do you think deadline is extended or they decertify  ?   ...  It's the 50 plus billion question . Well ,  that didn't take long . Redskins already fired Jim Zorn . A press conference will be held at about 1230 with further details . Veteran quarterback Marc Bulger will give the Ravens the backup they need just in case Joe Flacco gets hurt . Saints' OL coach Aaron Kromer is expected to become New Orleans' interim HC during first six games ,  while Joe Vitt serves his suspension . nothing  !  Dolphins waived linebacker Matt Roth and signed former Lions defensive end Ikaika Alama Francis . NFC East really is competitive . One week from today ,  the Cowboys ,  Eagles and Redskins report to training camp . All on the same day . One Seahawks fan said this morning that Seattle won the Super Bowl two weeks ago ,  it just gets to bring home trophy tonight . He was spot on . Jake Locker would look good in a RamsRedskinsBrownsSeahaksPanthers uni . RT @SinTheCognacKid Jake Locker would look good in a SF uni . Former Raiders' TE Mychal Rivera has agreed to terms with the Jaguars ,  per @JeffDarlington . Dallas WR Laurent Robinson told ESPN's Bob Holtzman he is playing tonight vs . TB . Robinson added his role now is only mostly in 3 wides . Ohio State makes some history ...  RT @bighead4642 Any word on turner  ?  My playoffs depend on it .  ...  Wouldn't count on him . He's on my team and I don't plan on playing him . Chad Johnson's attorney believes his client will be released from jail this morning ,  before the Dolphins 1 pm scheduled practice today . Each Falcons player will be wearing this patch tonight vs . GB to commemorate the opening of Mercedes Benz Stadium  . Watch out ,  Cincy Chargers QB Philip Rivers is wearing his Bolo tie . When Rivers wears the Bolo tie on the road ,  Chargers are undefeated . Broncos officially signed former Seahawks OT Russell Okung . RT @BenjaminLehner Are Packers doing anything  ?   ...  Do they ever early in free agency  ?  They wait for prices to drop ,  don't pay full retail . So it's What's your deal ?  vs . Who's got it better than us ? RT@markschlereth adam is like Chuck Norris ,  he doesn't sleep ,  he waits  !  At No . 120 ,  Bengals draft Georgia DT Geno Atkins . #nfldraft . Steelers have placed LB Larry Foote ,  C Maurkice Pouncey and RB LaRod Stephens Howling on the teams ReserveInjured List . Vikings QB Teddy Bridgewater confirmed to ESPN's Bob Holtzman he won't play tonight vs . GB . Christian Ponder starts . MC Hammer delivered pep talk to 49ers last week . Hammer lives next door to 49ers VP Keena Turner and invited himself . Players loved it . Bills free agent OT Demetrius Bell is visting the Eagles late this afternoon . More 49ers RB woes ...  RT @MaioccoCSN LaMichael James carted off field after sustaining apparent left arm or wrist injury in blitz pick up . Redskins request permission to interview SF DC Vic Fangio . Redskins ,  Vikes request interviews w SF OC Greg Roman ,  as @AlbertBreer reported . NFL League office is beginning investigations into a number of reported agreements with clubs . Violations will be dealt with accordingly.Jammal Brown trade to Washington now official . Compensation of the deal is at ESPN.com . Former Jaguars HC Gus Bradley is planning to follow Anthony Lynn to any HC job he lands ,  per sources ,  creating a Lynn Bradley ticket . Brock Osweiler is signing with the Houston Texans ,  as @RandGetlin reported . Mike McCarthy reaffirmed his teams commitment to its QBs ,  Brett Hundley and Joe Callahan ,  not any QB outside organization ,  Kaep or anyone . Chicago will be site of April 30 May 2 ,  2015 NFL Draft ,  as @RandGetlin reported . Broncos HC John Fox taken to hospital with a suspected heart attack ,  via @mortreport and me . There soon will be hundreds of transactions . Hard to imagine many ,  if any ,  will be more significant than events surrounding Ezekiel Elliott . Colts have wiped out seven fourth quarter deficits this season on the way to their 14 0 record . Props   and maybe MVP   to Peyton . As it turns out ,  Colts OC Bruce Arians is in Chicago today ,  a third finalist for Bears HC job . Love seeing stories like this one ...  NFL suspending former Giants K Josh Brown six more games for domestic violence ,  sources tell ESPN ...  Bears long snapper Patrick Mannelly ,  who played his entire 16 year NFL career with Chicago ,  announced his retirement today . Falcons just released two former first round picks ,  DE Jamaal Anderson and WR Michael Jenkins . 12 players had 2.5 or more sacks this preseason . 10 are on 53 man rosters . One on practice squad . And last ,  Michael Sam ,  hasn't found work . Todd Bowles said Ryan Fitzpatrick back in starting lineup Sunday . win . Bears named Ryan Pace their GM . Watson goes past pin again . An up and down wins it . Friday 10 Spot The Man Who Brought Tim Tebow To Denver ...   Cards LB Daryl Washington has 10 million option bonus due by last day of 2013 league year . Once he's back from ...  Value of Neymar ,  who's now out He has 4 goals in 5 games at this World Cup rest of team has 7 World Cup goals in 85 total appearances . Bucs WR Mike Evans suspended one game for violations of unnecessary roughness . He can appeal . Sad ... RT @MistahLang what's funny is that Plaxico will end up serving more jail time than Little & Stallworth ,  both of whom killed people . Colts signed free agent running back Daryl Richardson and placed running back George Winn on the Injured Reserve List . Buccaneers announced the passing of OwnerPresident Malcolm Glazer earlier this morning at the age of 85.Colin Kaeprnick's 6 year deal is worth 110 million ,  per sources . Heavy guarantees ,  too . Record guarantees . RT @WAD1980 @AdamSchefter u forgot one thing on your list . DeMarcus Ware is a beast and quite possibly best defensive player in the NFL  !  A big thank you to @NeetaSreekanth ,  @klajohnson and @BryceGibsonUT14 for making this and last night possible  . Browns on Friday exercised the fifth year option on defensive lineman Phil Taylors rookie contract . More info on deal Texans traded DT Travis Johnson to Chargers for a 6th round pick that turns into a 5th with minimum playtime . Steve Weatherford has won the job as the N.Y . Giants punter ,  according to his agent Rob Roche . NFL says it has made no determination on Sean Payton's contract status for 2013. But there's nothing to determine . It expires . Cabo  ?  RT @AntBorse Any word on Adrian Peterson  ?   ...  Not practicing agaiin today . Still early in week ,  but seems like a longshot for Sunday . We have a yes . RT @AJaClay Accepted my invite to the draft this morning  !  Exciting stuff . Alot of work to put in before then tho . If Denver HC John Fox need surgery on heart valve ,  and people familiar with case believe he will ,  he could be sidelined up to two months . One name left off Washington list that includes Wall ,  Strassburg and McNabb RT @jtoner33 You can add Bryce Harper to that list . Tenders provide a window into how much a team values a player . Saying that ,  Saints tendered OT Jermon Bushrod with a 2nd rounder . Props to @SeniorBowlPhil on new book ,  4th and Goal Every Day ,  focusing on Saban Era at Ala . and his 30 years in NFL . With Malik Jackson bound to Jacksonville ,  would mark second straight offseason Denver's top UFA signs with Jaguars  Julius Thomas last year  . 6 10 Antonio Davis and I have agreed to a trade dealing him 4 years of journalistic experience for 4 inches of height . Welcome back to work NFL executives and coaches . Summer for you   us ,  really   is over . Training camps open in less than one week . Now that @TerrellOwens81 has weighed in on Vick ,  what does he have to say about the Favre Waiting Game  ?  Filed to ESPN Seattle CBs Richard Sherman and Brandon Browner facing 4 game suspensions for violating performance enhancing drug policy . Multiple teams ,  including Miami ,  expected to inquire about Saints' HC Sean Paytons availability after this season ,  per league sources . Free agent RB Cedric Benson is scheduled to fly to Green Bay to meet with Packers on Wednesday ,  per sources . Almost healed from LisFranc . Chiefs CB Darrelle Revis will not play Sunday vs . Bills ,  per source . Just not enough time to get ready . Revis expe  . Jim Harbaugh's five year deal with the 49ers will be worth 25 million . President Obama Tues Football's in the air . I love baseball ,  but SportCenter is better when you've also got some football on there.Elvis Dumervil agreed to salary reduction ,  smartly . Remains in Denver . Kyle Orton was claimed on waivers   by a still unidentified team before Chicago . RT @espnafcsouth Per @mortreport QB Wonderlics McElroy 43 ,  Gabbert 42 ,  Ponder 35 ,  Stanzi 30 ,  Dalton 29 ,  Mallett 26 ,  Newton 21 ,  Locker 20.Uh oh Punxsutawney Phil sees his shadow ,  predicts six more weeks of winter ... RT @RickMaese Karl Swanson ,  Redskins' top PR guy ,  is leaving organization . Snyder's PR henchman is supposedly leaving on own accord . Friday was deadline for teams to take players off the Did Not Report List if they are going to play this year . So no Brian Waters in NE . If Larry Johnson got the veteran minimum contract most think ,  he will be paid 36,470 per week and make another 255,290 from the Bengals . Bills now have announced they had reached an agreement in principle with veteran OG Richie Incognito . Bills practice   practice  !  as AI would say   today . And ,  by this time next Sunday ,  every NFL team will be in camp . When Falcons franchised CB Brent Grimes ,  it marked the first time Atlanta has used franchise tag . Seattle has used it an NFL high 10 times . NFL has instructed officials to stop today's DEN KC game when Peyton Manning sets all time passing yards record for proper acknowledgment . Official statement from 49ers on release of veteran LB NaVorro Bowman  . Vikings QB Christian Ponder said today he believes he will be healthy enough to start Sunday vs . Seattle . Please tune in to the Monday Night Countdown show before Cardinals Titans game at 7 pm ET on ESPN . Be on the lookout on highways and roads . Our training camp tour buses have left the station . Sad news from the NFL world ...  RT @SportsCenter Hall of Fame coach Chuck Noll ,  who led Steelers to 4 Super Bowls ,  has died . He was 82.49ers RB Carlos Hyde ,  listed as Q with hip injury ,  expects to play Sunday vs Cardinals ,  per sources . First needs to test hip pregame . A man in my local market just walked up to me and asked ,  How could two groups not figure out a way to divide 9.3 BILLION ?  !  Good question . Titans Jags have combined win % of .143 ,  lowest win % for 2 teams meeting 14 games into season since 2 13 Bucs defeated 1 14 Colts in 1991.Redskins motivated tonight by quotes from Giants co owner John Mara  . Eagles and former Seahawks CB Byron Maxwell officially agree to terms on a six year contract . Want to hang with Tom Brady  ?  Enter the Tom Brady Best Buddies Football Challenge Raffle for chance to win.Washington's John Beck will start at quarterback Sunday versus Carolina . Not going to lie . Feels like the Super Bowl is about to kick off . The Redskins claimed former Cowboys running back Tashard Choice on waivers . A.J . McCarrons grievance against his own team will determine whether hes a UFA or RFA this off season ...  The way they've added talent this off season ,  the Seahawks and 49ers have evolved into the NFL's 2013 version of the Red Sox and Yankees . Broncos LB Danny Trevathan has a crack in the bone just above the knee in his left leg ,  per John Fox . Expected to miss multiple games . RT @Mixer12 what time does the schedule come out today  ?   ...  Schedule release show on ESPN2 from 7 9 pm ,  then ESPN from 9 10 pm . Honored to MC tonight's 42nd annual Promise Ball in NYC ,  expected to raise 2.5M to fight diabetes . Lions play at Packers next Sunday for NFC North title . RT @AndrewC56 Think Matt Flynn gets traded to be a starter  ?   ...  Looked good ,  but looked good in only one game . Teams need to see more . O.J . granted parole . Bengals DC Mike Zimmer is expected to interview this week with the Titans and Vikings ,  per source . Joe Lockhart Mr . Elliott is now suspended . He will not play over the next six games unless theres some other affirmative judgement . Broncos will use their franchise tag today on kicker Matt Prater . Now that Revis deal is put to bed ,  time to skip bed and drive to Bristol to do Mike and Mike from 6 to 10 am ET . Think we'll talk Revis  ?  RT @darrenrovell1 Lots ,  including MSNBC's Mike Barnicle ,  suggesting pool reporters invited to Tiger's press conference should boycott it . There's no better storyteller on TV than Tom Rinaldi ,  Part II . The story of @10AJMcCarron's special bond . Bears WR Alshon Jeffery plans to play.49ers RB Carols Hyde plans to play.Jaguars RB TJ Yeldon being called a game time decision.Eagles announced they reached agreement on a one year contract with former Rams and Redskins safety O.J . Atogwe . The third  and seventh round picks that Buffalo sent to Carolina for WR Kelvin Benjamin are both 2018 draft picks ,  per source . Saints RB Pierre Thomas did not practice again today . Neither did LB Scott Shanle  hamstring  nor CB Jabari Greer  shoulder .RT @stevegiglio Reports in Detroit that @AdamSchefter is reporting Jim Harbaugh is the new coach at Michigan  ?   ...  Never reported that . Details on Andrew Luck deal5 year extension  6 year deal .Just north of 139 million  a record .87 million in guarantees  a record .Guess Pacman priced himself out of the UFL ... RT @sinfl Pacman to play in Canada this year  . Browns releasing QB Brock Osweiler ,  as @nfldraftscout said.Browns owe him 16 million ,  but Cleveland gets Houston's 2018 second round pick . Cardinals announced that the team has agreed to terms with free agent linebacker Joey Porter on a three year contract . RT @RachelNichols Brad Childress willing to go extra mile to keep his team loose   dressed up like a flight attendant on team plane Sat . There it is . RT @mortreport Julio Jones will have surgery next week after Dr Robert Anderson confirmed his fractured foot . Out of year . Being told that Eagles WR DeSean Jackson's back injury is not thought to be serious and he'll be fine.Eagles agree to terms with former Giants Pro Bowl WR Steve Smith on a one year contract . Ezekiel Elliott is scheduled to attend hearing today in Sherman ,  Texas ,  per source . Former Patriots CB Leigh Bodden visited   where else  ?    the Chiefs . For second straight year ,  no RBs drafted in round one . Great point  !  RT @kierankelly But we got Jeff Garcia's wife back ,  Carmella DeCesare . Dr . Michael Kaplan also said Favrecould injecta long acting anesthetic in and around ankle to help him play Sunday . Anyone think he won't  ?  Louisville quarterback Teddy Bridgewater has decided to enter the NFL draft ,  per ESPN's Brett McMurphy . Figures as certain 1st rounder . Redskins announced that they have signed former Patriots nose tackle Ron Brace . OT Jammal Brown landed in Washington minutes ago . He is scheduled to undergo his physical today . If he passes ,  the trade will be complete . Titans might not decide on a QB ,  Marcus Mariota or Matt Cassel ,  until Sunday . Let's be clear Sean Payton's contract will not toll . It expires after season . He will become a coaching free agent short of an extension . On the day they're preparing to deal Donovan McNabb ,  Redskins reached agreement with another QB ,  former Jet Kellen Clemens on a 1 year deal . Ravens C Matt Birk will announce his retirement today ,  the Baltimore Sun reports . Birk is poised to succeed off field as he did on it . Thoughts and prayers with Jim Kelly and his family ...  4 a.m. ,  mind's racing ,  big week ahead ,  and figured ,  What the heck ,  let's get up and get to work . Sound Paxton Lynch alert CLEV and DAL have inquired about trading back into back part of first round ,  per sources . Let's see if it heats up . And @caplannfl reports Eagles traded RB Felix Jones to Steelers for LB Adrian Robinson . He didn't practice today and it's difficult to envision him playing Sunday . RT @sles23 @AdamSchefter Any News on Brian Westbrook's Injury  ?  Raiders longtime former trainer George Anderson passed away in his sleep this morning at the age of 82 ,  according to a family friend . RIP . Who's the next NFL head coach that will get a contract extension  ?  Denver coordinators ,  Jack Del Rio and Adam Gase ,  on Vikings' radar ,  per sources . Del Rio played LB for Vikings ,  Minn has inquired about Gase . Must see RT @sportsguy33 If u missed our @30for30 doc about @speedydupree ,  it's re running on ESPN2 Thursday at 1130pm ET  830pm PT .Raiders GM Reggie McKenzie interviewed Colts OC Pep Hamilton in Indianapolis on Sunday night after Indys wild card win ,  per source . And that's why Josh McDaniels drafted Demaryius Thomas ahead of Tim Tebow in the first round of the 2010 draft . Raiders host Houston Texans at Estadio Azteca in Mexico City on Nov . 21 in the first ever Monday Night Football game played outside the U.S . Statement from Ezekiel Elliotts father ,  Stacy Elliott The reported allegations and Internet postings ...  RT @RalphCindrich Left side . Operation Fri . Back in time 4 camp @RaiderMight  Bruce Gradkowski tore a pectoral muscle lifting weights Weds . And @Edwerderespn is reporting Vikings DE Jared Allen scheduled to meet Tuesday with the Dallas Cowboys . Won't be the last team to call ... Rams announced they've signed all their draft picks ,  including WR Tavon Austin . Asst coaches w playoff teams that have byes can interview for HC jobs Jan . 5. Assts w playoff teams that don't have byes interview Jan . 12In the week the Niners name Shaun Hill their starting QB ,  he strains his lower back and can't finish practice today . That can't be good . Notable tryouts todayWR Aaron Dobson with Cardinals.TB David Cobb with Bears.WR Nate Washington with Bucs.LB Nate Irving with Jets . Vick has a 1.5 million roster bonus on 5th day of 2010 league year and 1 mil of his 3.75m base salary also becomes guaranteed that day . Nothing like a big news story ...  Former Seahawks LB Lofa Tatupu is visiting the Oakland Raiders today . RT @jakebolt67 Who is Piers Morgan  ?   ...  He's to Larry King what Aaron Rodgers was to Brett Favre . RT @RjMcDiabetes @AdamSchefter @BeevLeeJay @bestbuddies 400  ...  Going once ... Dolphins announced OL coach Jim Turner and Head Athletic Trainer Kevin O'Neill have been relieved of their duties effective immediately . Former 49ers owner Edward DeBartolo ,  Jr . selected today by Pro Football Hall of Fames Contributors Committee as finalist for Class of 2016.Controversy this week shifts from helmet to helmet hits to referees who make game deciding calls  Gene Steratore is from Pittsburgh .Sounds like time to move on to the contract . RT @realpatriots Caught up with Brady briefly between meetings . Reports that he's ok . Justin Blackmon now is the last unsigned first round pick . No Blackmon ,  no MJD . This cannot be what new owner Shad Khan expected . In Week 1 ,  defending division champs Seattle ,  Pitt ,  KC ,  Indy and Atlanta lost by a combined score of 173 50. What surprises in store week 2 ? Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger said today he will not appeal the suspension and will comply with what is asked of me   and more.RT @MikeReiss Patriots arrived in London a bit ahead of schedule Friday morning ,  at 515. Team practices at 130 p.m . Just finished watching Larry King at Neverland ,  and that place might be as pretty as any on earth . Has to be seen to be believed . For those that missed Friday's 10 Spot  . Falcons today re signed long snapper Joe Zelenka ,  a late season addition last year . RT @RickCosta4 Hey adam ,  ny news on lance briggs ? where he and agent may be shopping ? How much r bears asking  ?   ...  They're not trading him . you . Milestone day Steelers signed third round pick ,  RB James Conner ,  to 4 year deal . Colts announced they  released quarterback Josh Freeman . Bills placed WR Lee Evans on Injured Reserve and TE Shawn Nelson on Reserve ,  Non Football InjuryIllness . Shawne Merriman's season ended before it began . Bills placed him on IR . He won't play for Buffalo . Looks like I need a new camera phone for Christmas . RT @AnthonyUp  hey adam ,  that photo almost reversed my lasik . Bengals opening wallets signed C Kyle Cook to a contract extension through 2015 season . Cook ,  Leon Hall ,  Andre Whitworth all extended . Please yes . RT @TheRealAColby @AdamSchefter If Michigan loses bad 2 OSU should RichRod be canned  ?   Answer as alumni ,  not analystreporter . A tour highlight was getting to play catch with today's Bus visitor ,  Lions QB Matthew Stafford . Thursday night opener ,  and other regular season games ,  will not be announced until Tuesday . Buffalo RFA WR Chris Hogan visiting NE today ,  per league source . Pats could sign him to offer sheet that Bills would have 5 days to match . As we're getting ready for football ,  please take a moment to say a prayer for the family of UCONN CB Jasper Howard ,  who lost his life . Cowboys holding a press conference this morning to announce the practice squad signing of Michael Sam . Even the New Yorker is weighing in on NY Jets . Big . RT @NewYorker Adam Gopnik Is it the end of the line for the Jets  ?  Colts QB competition over team waived quarterback Seth Lobato today . Filed to ESPN Former Bears DE Alex Brown reached agreement on a two year deal with the New Orleans Saints . Love of game drives Great Britain American football hopefuls . Cowboys WR Cole Beasley ,  questionable for Sunday due to a concussion ,  will play vs . Chiefs ,  per source . Big free agent pickups  . One day after signing Martellus Bennett ,  Packers now bringing former Rams TE Lance Kendricks back to Wisconsin ,  per @RobDemovsky and me . Calvin Watkins reporting that TE Martellus Bennett to visit Giants . As if Cleveland didn't despise @OGOchocinco enough already ,  now it's really going to dislike him for reporting Lebron is headed to NY . Chargers' Dean Spanos on passing of Chris Berman's wife ,  Kathy . Seahawks announced RB Marshawn Lynch are out Monday night . It's a wrap on a great career . RT @BUrlacher54 It was an honor to play my entire career for the @ChicagoBears  . Atl at Jax ,  6KC at GB ,  7Det at Buf ,  7Ind at Cin ,  7NYJ at Phi ,  7STL at MIA ,  7NE at NYG ,  730Car at Pit ,  730Wash at TB ,  730 . Texans are trading QB Ryan Fitzpatrick to the New York Jets for a late round conditional draft pick ,  per a league source . Bills running back Fred Jackson injured his right knee . Initial diagnosis is sprained LCL . MRI on Monday . Major upset if Bengals don't take Alabama CB Dre Kirkpatrick at No . 17.49ers LB Patrick Willis has a Grade 2 hamstring strain and could miss a little time. But the injury will heal on its own . Chargers announced they have released cornerbacks Derek Cox and Johnny Patrick and fullback LeRon McClain . Great point from Coach Ditka Winner of Packers Bears gets the Halas Trophy   and the chance to play for the Lombardi Trophy . #verycool . Free agency doesn't open until Tuesday ,  and already Packers are big winners . It's a copycat city ...  RT @sportswatch Same back page headline on all three NY tabloids Can't Lin 'Em All . With news that Tony Romo is out for season ,  the point spread at Las Vegas Hilton SuperBook has changed from Eagles  3 to Eagles  7.5.denver airport a mob scene . imagine all airports are . if traveling ,  get there early . Potential suspension also would cost Cowboys RB Ezekiel Elliott financially ,  per @toddarcher ...  Saints announced they reached agreement with former Colts TE Coby Fleener  on a 5 year deal . With the Albert Haynesworth watch indefinitely tabled ,  the DT very likely to be traded is Jacksonville's John Henderson . #nfldraft . For those scoring at home ,  Darrelle Revis' fine total for his 28 day holdout is up to 462,644. And counting . cool . Picks 10 12   Jax ,  Denver ,  Miami   are some spots teams are targetting to trade up to . Each of those teams willing to move back . Thought the same when I saw the Colts selections RT @JayNizzy412 too bad caldwell won't let em play ... its not the teams goal ... And @WesWelker ,  as @dsrsleepy points out ,  the chemistry between Tom Brady and I was so good ,  he didn't even need to look at me . How we roll . Peyton Manning ,  Dallas Clark ,  Austin Collie visited w AAA Indianapolis Indians Weds ,  took batting practice.Collie was the star   6 HRs . Former Dolphins CB Brice McCain reached agreement today with the Tennessee Titans ,  per league source . Weird thought why do I know that while I'm up for work some people in South Beach still are finishing up their night out  ?  Beware of the curse ,  New Orleans . Looks like Saints QB Drew Brees is poised to be on the cover of EA Sports' Madden 11 video game . Great line from kids movie G Force  which I'm taking my boy to see  Men are like government bonds . They take way too long to mature.Being that everyone's issuing statements today ,  here's mine enough already . Stop it . Do more . Be better . Wisconsin RB Montee Ball visiting Buccaneers today and Tuesday . Breaking down NBC using its SkyCam angle to broadcast most of tonights Titans Steelers game ,  per @SeifertESPN.RT @EricStangel Larry Johnson's agent giving clues about 1 team very interested in signing him . Says it rhymes with Zedmonton Zeskimos . Cliff Lee's going back to Philly ,  Derrick Burgess is going back to Philly . What is this ,  homecoming week or something  ?  Some strong end of summer reading on QBs and their relationships with their fathers  . Raiders claimed S Brandian Ross via waivers from Miami Dolphins . So ,  simple all Ross has to do is switch hotels in London . And while OBJ's catch was beyond belief ,  still will take David Tyree's as the greatest these eyes have seen . Colts CB Vontae Davis played just short of 65 percent threshold ,  now Dolphins only will get Colts 2nd rd pick not their 6th too ,  per sources . NFL fined Broncos TE Julius Thomas 8268 for his chop block on Cardinals DE Calais Campbell ,  per source . Saints CB Tracy Porter   born in Louisiana ,  went to school in Indiana ,  made history in Miami . RT @adbrandt NFLPA has filed grievance vs . NFL challenging Commissioner Goodell's authority to suspend the four players he did . Cincinnati will receive two late draft picks from New England in return for WR Chad Ochocinco   a pick in 2012 ,  a pick in 2013.Buffalo Bills reach deal with New Era for the naming rights of Ralph Wilson Stadium . RT @JeffDarlington Zach Thomas said he will never root for Jets   not even if they're in Super Bowl with Taylor . I can't do it ,  he said . Falcons released defensive tackle Jason Jefferson ,  defensive tackle Tywain Myles and long snapper Robert Shiver . More cuts ahead this week . A mild surprise Theo Riddick out . Seahawks clinch NFC's No . 1 seed with a win Sunday over Arizona or a 49ers loss against Falcons . Just that   rumors . Haven't found anything to verify them . RT @fatmosh @AdamSchefter What are your thoughts on the Bucs for sale rumors  ?  remembering . Dolphins pulled transition tag because they will get a compensatory draft pick when Olivier Vernon leaves wouldn't have if he left tagged . NFLPA filing calls for the court in Eastern Texas to vacate any suspension of Ezekiel Elliott based on the process  . Best tweet of the day ...  RT @IanOConnor @KingJames . Off the record ,  which team have you decided to sign with  ?  Patriots will be wearing these decals on their helmets Sunday night vs . San Francisco . And so today is likely going to be Gary Kubiak's final game as Broncos HC ,  league sources have told ESPN . Randall Cobb is active . Filed to ESPN Buffalo has traded WR Lee Evans traded to Baltimore . Paul McCartney during his Friday concert at Yankee Stadium Who is this Derek Jeter guy  ?  Somebody said he's got more hits than me.Bucs TE Austin Sefarian Jenkins arrested Friday morning ,  charged with misdemeanor count of DUI ...  RT @sidneyrice Adrian finally has twitter follow him @adrianpeterson . Alphonso Smith traded to detroit for Dan Gronkowsk . Just wrapped up my first chat at espn.com . For those that crave some football at this time of basketball ,  here it is  . Cowboys re signed Jason Garrett's brother ,  John Garrett   tight ends and passing game coordinator . So no OC job for him in Miami . Text conversation last night with the great comedian and impersonator ,  @FrankCaliendo . things . No final decisions have been made ,  but new Jaguars GM Dave Caldwell is unlikely to keep Jacksonville HC Mike Mularkey . Washington TE Jordan Reed  shoulder  is out today vs Chicago ,  per source . us . Wayne at this time ,  we are in disagreement concerning my contract situation . Therefore ,  I will not be attending this weekends mini camp.happiness . Not to say the Rams and Bucs couldn't one day make a trade ,  but so far their conversations have been as extensive as mine and Tiger's . Cowboys now in talks to sign former Chiefs OT Eric Winston . At last Vikings fan attending her first game just before 97th birthday.For those asking ...  RT @ESPNForsberg Wes Welker back at practice ,  Mike Rodak reports . Weather report from Oakland RT @PostBroncos Isn't just rain that's an issue here . Insane wind ,  too . Sounds like a hurricane outside hotel . So Saints use 3rd round pick on former CSU QB Garrett Grayson ,  who becomes New Orleans' highest drafted QB since Archie Manning in 1971.SalPal reports Giants LB Mark Herzlich is inactive . Back page of todays @Newsday  . WR Dez Bryant and RB Felix Jones are back practicing today for the Cowboys . QB Tony Romo is not . RT @VETTESPD20 Who wins next week bengals or steelers  ?    Who dey  !   ...  Bengals are a big threat to Baltimore and Pittsburgh . Gary Kubiak expected to be released from Denver area hosptial today ,  per team official . Broncos encouraged with Kubiak's medical tests . If Danny Amendola stays healthy ,  he will put up the same type of numbers Wes Welker did in New England . So Ray Rice is now immediately reinstated and can sign with any team any time . Chargers TE Antonio Gates  toe  listed as doubtful ,  WR Malcom Floyd  hamstring  questionable ,  WR Legedu Naanee  hamstring  probable . True but strange Clock creeping up to 9 on 999.Denver trading with SF . #nfldraft . One Penn State official said Bill OBriens rep recently approached the school about potential reducing his NFL buyout even further . From Cleveland to Baltimore Former Browns GM George Kokinis is back with Ravens ,  this time as senior personnel assistant . Redskins Executive VPGM Bruce Allen will discuss the draft with reporters Monday at 11 am   and reporters will leave even more confused . After talking to seven personnel men today ,  it sounds like Georgia WR A.J . Green is top rated player in draft . We'll see if he goes #1.Patriots announced they re signed Austin Collie . Good friend Warren Sapp on former Raiders QB Andrew Walter RT @QBKILLA Toughest Screw to ever do a TURN AT SHAWSHANK  !  Buccaneers announced today that they have released TE Jerramy Stevens and promoted TE Ryan Purvis to the active roster . By tagging C Ryan Kalil ,  RB DeAngelo Williams and DE Charles Johnson will be two of the most coveted FAs   whenever there's free agency . Clearing out cap space for 2 max free agents RT @espn Sources Bulls to send Kirk Hinrich ,  No . 17 to Wizards    . Asked if he had played his last game with Baltimore ,  Ravens LB Ray Lewis said ,  Absolutely not.Another quiet NFL week in May Cushing suspended ,  LT arrested ,  Pacman signs ,  JaMarcus cut ,  WillisEvans big  deals ,  Sharper microfracture . No surprise but Bengals HC Marvin Lewis told @RossTuckerNFL that RB Giovani Bernard will not play tonight . Jeremy Hill time . Denver signs LB Elvis Dumervil to a six year ,  61.5 million deal ,  including bw 41 to 43 million in guarantees over first four years . Week 1 matchup of Vikings Titans now features a pair of former Heisman winners at QB ... Marcell Dareus apology  . De Smith and Roger Goodell have been on phone the past hour ,  trying to work out a way to lift lockout if both sides approve deal tonight . The 2016 NFL Draft ,  from April 28 30 ,  in Chicago ,  now down in calendar . Statement by NFL Executive Vice President of Football Operations Troy Vincent on Cleveland Browns Matter The ...  Broncos CB Champ Bailey injured left foot at Seattle on Sat. ,  left stadium on crutches ,  MRI today ,  per @JeffLegwold . RT @AshleyMFox David Akers' story ,  and why there was more to his playoff misses than you might have thought . Raiders bringing in kickers today . They know they might have to shut down Sebastian Janikowski for a few weeks due to hamstring injury . Another off the market . RT @espn NBA free agency Reports Paul Pierce agrees to deal to stay with Boston Celtics    . Anyone want to win the NFC South ...  ? Bills announced they agreed to terms with free agent LB Keith Rivers . works . Raiders RB Marshawn Lynch ejected for making contact with an official . Physical contact with an official carries a fine of 30,387.Jaguars signed unrestricted free agent CB Marcus Trufant to a contract and released sixth year CB Antwaun Molden . Chiefs fear S Eric Berry tore Achilles ...  Now that Mike Vick is eligible to play in 3rd week vs . KC ,  Eagles are likely to keep him on their 53 man roster during Saturday's cutdown . Teams can begin signing UFAs tomorrow at noon . Those contracts would not take effect until Aug 2.Early play of day from Nebraska RB Ameer Abdullah  . Mobile police arrested Nick Fairley ,  charged him with 2nd degree marijuana possession ,   and took him to jail before he posted 1.000 bond . Ray Lewis was in tears laughing at SNL spoof of him . NFL hoping to make a decision tonight as to when and where to play NYJ BUF game . Redskins President Bruce Allen responds to Sen . Harry Reid as to why his team should not change its name  . Raiders RB Darren McFadden told Colleen Dominguez that he will play today vs . the Chiefs . As @TonyKhan points out ,  Jags GM Gene Smith coached at Ohio U ,  where Taylor Price is one of school's all time leading receivers . Bears announced that DC Mel Tucker will return but DL coach Mike Phair and LB coach Tim Tibesar will not . Full release in Jim Irsay suspensionFollowing his plea of guilty to one misdemeanor count of driving while ...  Bills HC Rex Ryan passed through Baton Rouge ,  La. ,  tonight and had an unsanctioned meeting with LSU OL La'el Collins ,  per @mikerodak and me . Bogus ... RT @dylansprague can u confirm  ?  On den radio Possible 3 way deal sending boldin to kc ,  marshall to az ,  leinart to denver . RT @KeithFoster Any truth to the Chris Cooley Trade rumors  ?   ...  No trades till there's a new CBA . Please check back this summer . For all of today's debate regarding the Browns' QBs ,  the developments surrounding the Steelers' RBs feel a lot more significant . Vikings QB Teddy Bridgewater enters the game . Saints' RB Mark Ingram ,  questionable for today with a toe injury ,  is playing vs Lions ,  per sources . RT @GeoMicRod..Prediction Browns sign Vick . Future TD connection of Vick to Stallworth . Goodell has nightmares for the rest of his life . Boston Herald was on to something . Here's the latest on a potential new deal for Patriots QB Tom Brady . tell . A rumor about Jon Gruden to the Eagles reveals the dangers of getting our information from Twitter and Facebook . ICYMI Story on Bengals LB Vontaze Burfict facing 5 game suspension for illegal hit on Anthony Sherman . Increasingly unlikely that Lamar Miller returns to Miami . Worth noting this summer RT @adbrandt For those expecting trouble on the contract front penalties for holdouts are 30,000 a day . Here it is  !  Thanks to @billbuck ... RT you may want to share online charts with your fellow road tripers  . NFL will discuss and consider new rule for this postseason that would make time remaining on clock at end of half or game reviewable . RT @Rmac15 Who do you see the Denver Broncos going after in the draft  ?   ...  The best defensive front 7 man they can find . So Rams and Chargers now will have to wait one more year ,  until 2020 ,  to open LA's football stadium . To get the 111th pick and S Shamarko Thomas ,  the Steelers traded their 2014 third rd pick to Cleveland . Steelers love Thomas . Baylor's hoops standout Rico Gathers is switching to football ,  will arrange private workouts for NFL teams . Woj Bomb . Joe Buck reported X rays on Giants WR Victor Cruz's foot were negative and he has a bruised heel . The Cowboys have agreed to terms with free agent wide receiver Kevin Ogletree on a one year deal . For those scoring at home . RT @SportsCenter Masters Day 3 leaderboard  . Quarterbacks will go 1 2 in draft for first time since 1999 ,  when Tim Couch went 1 to Cleveland and Donovan McNabb went 2 to Philadelphia . Bernard Berrian using Twitter to joke about T Jack's injury . So now ,  there not only are fake Twitter accounts ,  but comic Twitter accounts . Eddie Lacy didn't practice today ,  and a source told @Edwerderespn  ,  I can't see him playing'' Thursday against ...  NFL expected to suspend Falcons president Rich McKay from comp committee and take draft pick from ATL for piping in crowd noise ,  per sources . Uh oh Packers TE Jermichael Finley carted off the field with some type of leg injury . Last tweet before I pull a Favre and retire for the night Possible T.O . finishes his career with an emmy but no Super Bowl ring  ?  Quote from person close to Gronk He is going to be fine long term .  He is  not worried about the short term ,  I.e . start of training camp.Jerry Jones We were working real hard to get up there for the quarterback Paxton Lynch.Guy that deserves to be in the league is back ,  sort of . Punter A.J . Trapasso signed with Bucs practice squad today . Jets and Falcons each planning to bring back Cardinals DC Todd Bowles for second HC interview ,  per sources trying to finalize schedule now . You know what today is  ?  Time for more football  !  Wife is stunnedcrushedshockeddisappointed at having to lose control of the remote . Redskins DT Albert Haynesworth isn't playing today and Fred Smoot starts at CB in place of Carlos Rogers . RT @espn Sources Tennessee Titans have permission to interview Mike Mularkey    . More QB talk Browns HC Eric Mangini said in hindsight his team should have used wildcat package with WR Joshua Cribbs at QB . Franchise tag after 25 years Looking back at best ,  worst decisions.On a bright note ,  managed to redo the work I lost . Time to kiss the baby ,  ship that laptop back to ESPN and get ready for 9 am Sportscenter . Bills RB LeSean McCoy is doubtful to play this Sunday vs . Patriots . RT @DanShedd What does offset language mean  ?   ...  Boiled down chance for player to double dip if cut . Offset language in deal means no . Broncos now own single season NFL scoring record . Of previous 10 highest scoring teams ,  only three made SB and only one won SB   '99 Rams . Ravens TE Dennis Pitta dislocated his hip ,  per source . Surgery likely at some point . Career in jeopardy . Led all TEs in catches last year . Welcome  !  RT @MichelleBeisner Thrilled to announce that I will be joining the @espn family as a feature reporter for Sunday NFL Countdown . RT @WivesOfFF Any update on SJAX status . Seems like we know about everyone but him .  ...  Underwent MRI on quad today results Monday . And look who @tthasselbeck picked up in our fantasy league at 838 am ... true insider  !  Amazing how well Jay Gruden ,  Kirk Cousins and Robert Griffin III  have handled this season . Falcons make it official ,  land former Browns C Alex Mack . Bucs HC Raheem Morris on QB battle You're not going to lock me down to a date . We're going to prepare them all like they're starters.Jaguars WR Justin Blackmon is expected to hold a press conference this afternoon to address his arrest for suspicion of drunken driving . Chiefs WR Jeremy Maclin now out for Sunday vs Atlanta . San Diego at No . 3 and Philadelphia at No . 8 also discussed trading draft spots in round one ,  per sources . In end ,  Philly wanted all way up . OT Mark Tauscher and WR Jordy Nelson both inactive for the Packers . Brett . Favre . Again . Always . Memorable and special  . Winner.Well done ,  Peter . Matthew Stafford's 5 year extension with Lions includes a 50 million signing bonus and 92 million guaranteed ,  both NFL highs ,  per source . Official DB 40 times Darius Slay 4.36 ,  Dee Milliner 4.37 ,  Desmond Trufant 4.38 ,  Steve Williams 4.42 ,  Tyrann Mathieu 4.50. Slay was a star . Chargers WR Vincent Jackson is active . RT @MattMichalsen04 Get Favre to comeback .  ...  Uh ,  sorry . Think you meant to send this to Ed Werder . While Titans are willing to make Johnson the highest paid RB in NFL ,  those close to Johnson believe he should be paid as a top playmaker . RT @adross77 Congrats 2 Aaron Curry who is headed to practice after signing a 6 yr deal..he's really glad to be with the team & can now  ... Jaguars now have added WRs Allen Robinson and Marqise Lee ,  along with QB Blake Bortles . Big . Former Jets S Jim Leonard announced he's signing with Saints . Rumors true Colts owner Jim Irsay did pursue Jon Gruden ,  but Gruden resisted overtures ,  league sources tell ESPN . Gruden staying in TV . Former Dolphins S Yeremiah Bell is scheduled to visit the Chiefs on Wednesday . After visiting with the Giants and the Buccaneers ,  DE Charles Johnson now plans to return to the Panthers ,  per team sources . Big return . Former Bills TE Scott Chandler is staying in AFC East ,  reaching agreement with Patriots ,  per league source . Patriots add some TE depth . Don't mess with The Jinx . Still in effect .  Should I receive any negative tweets I'll praise your favorite team and players   and ruin them . RT @MAL1GAYA why do players get upset with franchise tag  ?   ...  Wilfork now will make 7 mil gtd . Without tag he would get over 20 mil gtd . Ravens DE Cory Redding ,  in talks with Indianapolis ,  scheduled to visit Colts tonight . Titans DL Jason Jones to visit Rams . Looks like no McNabb ,  no Hasselbeck . Time for Kevin Kolb and Seneca Wallace . Bills had been trying to trade Trent Edwards since off season . With no one interested ,  Buffalo decided it was best to release him . Guard Shelley Smith ,  formerly of the Rams ,  agrees with Dolphins . 2 years ,  5.5m . More Miami OL reinforcements . CB Tyrann Mathieu is leaving LSU  ?  What's up with that  ?  With 1221 remaining in the third quarter   and Tampa Bay now punting the ball away   the Bucs still do not have a first down . Good note RT @nuggetpalooza Pats won 55 straight when they win turnover battle.Lions have lost last 74 when they don't . It's here ... Football tonight ,  8 p.m. ,  Titans versus Bills ,  Hall of Fame Field at Fawcett Stadium in Canton . Let the games begin . Former Bears cornerback Nathan Vasher ,  whom San Diego released last summer ,  is planning to sign with the Lions . Colts signed free agent cornerbacks Chris Culliver and Corey White . RT @RichCimini Former Bills No . 1 pick Aaron Maybin en route to Jets to take physical ,  source says . Barring snag ,  will sign today w Jets . This was Marathe's decision gives him a chance to do more things and be equity partner in York family ventures . Rams reported rookie RB Todd Gurley as a full participant in today's practice . More on Brandon Marshall's visit Saturday to Seattle . Text from official familiar with proposed Joe Thomas to Denver trade Thisclose.On the East Coast today ,  weather is miserable . Best I can tell on this Saturday ,  it's going to be cloudy with a chance of meatballs . The day @jimcramer has waited for ,  the only one that could be as tremendous as an Eagles' Super Bowl victory . Congratulations ,  Jim . Multiple teams have removed LSU's OL La'el Collins from their draft board . In one week ,  has gone from potential 1 to off some boards .      . Washington Redskins announced today that they have signed tackle Stephon Heyer and defensive lineman Anthony Montgomery . Former Mr . Irrelevant a lot more relevant   and rich . Kansas City signed K Ryan Succop to 5 year ,  14 million dollar contract extension . Why do the Patriots sign so many former Browns yet the Browns don't sign former Patriots  ?  Shouldn't it be the other  . Here it is ,  the passing of a legend RT @espn Hall of Fame Detroit Tigers broadcaster Ernie Harwell dies at 92    . Ed Reed has been suspended without pay for one game for violations of rule prohibiting hits to the head and neck area of defenseless players . RT @calvinwatkins I was told today Cowboys are not trading Mike Jenkins . No interest . Never saw a GM do this before . Great work . RT @ChrisBurkeSI David Caldwell answering fan questions on @jaguars feed right now . And the Cincinnati Bengals are officially AFC North champions . Titans worked out DL Jonathan Fanene and Phillip Merling Texans worked out WR Jordan Shipley and QB Stephen McGee Lions worked out six DBs . Giants HC Tom Coughlin also said he would try to get Danny Ware some work as well.Indianapolis Colts released safety Tom Zbikowski . Here's how uncertain Ravens are today about whether Steve Smith Sr . will play team has two game plans   one with him ,  one without him . Dolphins have been awarded former Bengals wide receiver Armon Binns off waivers . Former Redskins' GM  @MccloughanScot holds Twitter Q & A . with fans ...  John Mara on Giants doing Hard Knocks RT @TheBlueScreen That announcement will come when I'm next to my father in Gates of Heaven cemetery . Great Big Ben feedback . Would love to respond to all . Bottom line facts will emerge ,  and people and outlets will be proven right and wrong . Cowboys expect WR Dez Bryant ,  who missed past three games due to knee injury ,  to play Sunday night vs Eagles ,  per source . Filed to ESPN Chargers TE Antonio Gates signed a 5 year contract extension that makes him the NFL's highest paid tight end . Seantrel Hendersons agent ,  Brian Fettner ,  said he and his client dropped their appeal of his four game ...  Vikings' backup QB Shaun Hill never had started more than 10 games in any season and he never has reached the postseason . Jaguars giving LB Telvin Smith a 4 year ,  50 million extension ,  source tells ESPN . Filed to ESPN Texans reach agreement with former Bengals CB Johnathan Joseph on a five year deal . Nnamdi to Jets looking more likely . Dolphins and Ryan Tannehill have reached agreeenent . He's now reporting . RT @chrisbs95 Any chance minnesota trades christian ponder for mcnabb  ?   ...  As much chance that we'll have a new CBA tomorrow .  . MRI confirmed 49ers' LB NaVorro Bowman ruptured his Achilles and is out for season . Sounds like the Jacksonville Jaguars are going to deliver some good news today . They're on the verge of signing 1st rd pick ,  Eugene Monroe . Bengals ssigned OT Andrew Whitworth to a contract extension running through the 2015 season . Laremy Tunsil ,  Arian Foster named Week 1 starters for Dolphins  . RT @RobDemovsky Liz is ace RT @PAIGER33 Solid Liz Merrill article on football playerstwitter . Players still available Saturday include QBs Josh Dobbs ,  Nathan Peterman and Brad Kaaya ,  TE Jake Butt ,  RB Samaje Perine ,  WR Malachi Dupre . Mark Sanchez has just supplanted Derek Jeter as the most popular athlete in New York . Aaron Hernandez committed suicide   statement from prison authorities . Adrian Peterson told Vikings' website that his goal for upcoming season is no different than other recent seasons to rush for 2,500 yards . Vikings officially add another OT ,  continue to remake OL . Rams TE Jared Cook presented w Certificate of Special Congressional Recognition award from Rep . Murphy in D.C . today  . This is even more accurate than PUP . RT @RealRedskins  @AdamSchefter Isn't that the CUP list  Contractually Unable to Perform  ? Montgomery County prosecutors have filed documents to have Adrian Peterson arrested after he admitted to using drugs ,  FOX 26 News learned . Inmate No . 09R3260 ,  Plaxico Burress ,  is scheduled to be released from Oneida Correctional Facility in upstate NY two weeks from today . So three teams placed waiver claims for LB Shawne Merriman and only one team claimed WR Randy Moss . More interest in Merriman than Moss . We need to pitch this idea to @tunasweasel and espn bosses . RT @dgolfwood You Just need to get Obama to fill out a 1st round mock draft . From close on Sunday to not close today . Tis the season . RT @TheRedzoneorg Source 'highly unlikely' Lions will trade for Antonio Cromartie . Big news from Dolphins in world of sports and entertainment Drake is taking his talents to South Beach  Kenyan . For any Broncos fan or fan of great work ,  check out @drewlitton and today's newest . Former Eagles WR Freddie Mitchell reported to prison Friday to begin a 37 month sentence for his role in a tax fraud scheme . A Giant task for NY today Only one of the Packers 11 wins this season has been by less than a touchdown  33 27 vs Vikings in Week 7 .Credit where credit is due @RonBorges was the first to declare Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski out for the year in the Boston Herald . NFL admits several missed calls in Jaguars Packers . Rob Gronkowski has infection in arm ,  could be in jeopardy to start season ...  Ten years since Katrina . New Orleans' inner city youth still need our help . Any donation appreciated . Looks like it's on RT @KCChiefs1 Cassel wearing pants and pads ... didn't do that last week..I think he's ready to go today  via @JoshLooney  . Breaking news Jeremy Maclin done in Philly . On ESPN ,  @Mortreport reported Giants WR Victor Cruz is expected to sign a long term deal before training camp begins . Hard to imagine it now has been exactly five years since Steve McNair's life was taken ...  Some more details on the firing of Philadelphia Eagles D coordinator Sean McDermott . Early signs are it'll be Kerry Collins for Titans ,  Todd Bouman for Jaguars ,  Jason Campbell for Raiders . But no decisions final yet . Welcome back to LA ,  fans . Now park here ...  Vikings already had Dolphins 3rd & 4th Rd picks in 2017 ,  so they had ammo . RT @LGinthe213 @AdamSchefter   Denver and Ayers are closer than Schefter and a heart shaped motel jacuzzi . T.O . is active for the Bills today . Chargers and CB Brandon Flowers reached agreement on a 4 year deal ,  per league sources . Deal to be signed this week . Seattle granted Redskins officials permission to interview Seahawks OC Darrell Bevell today ,  before Jan . 5 interview date for coaches on bye . RT @NFLprguy re Coach Cable we are reviewing the decision and will take appropriate action ,  if any ,  under our policies . Titans RB DeMarco Murray is donating 50,000 to Las Vegas Police Dept and victims of last weeks attack ...  Eagles QB Michael Vick signed a one year deal that could be worth up to 10 million . More information on Lambeau Field's venerable versatility RT @AaronNagler Linkage for those interested  . Packers already have ruled out TE Martellus Bennett for Sundays game against Bears with a shoulder injury . Broncos reach agreement on a four year deal with former Chargers G Louis Vasquez . Redskins signed RB Mack Brown to their active roster off their practice squad ,  another indication Matt Jones will be down Sunday . Full story in Browns WR Corey Coleman being named in police report ...  Chargers are unlikely to use their franchise tag on wide receiver Vincent Jackson . Dolphins WR DeVante Parker ,  listed as doubtful due to a sprained ankle ,  is not expected to play today vs . Falcons ,  per source . NFL said the Browns satisfied the Rooney Rule ,  complying with the conditions that they interview at least one minor  . Philadelphia Eagles will release former Pro Bowl CB Nnamdi Asomugha today . Archie Manning is trying to stay out of this mess caused by Jim Irsay ...  Eagles safety Nate Allen has a patella tendon rupture ,  according to Andy Reid . Tough loss . Former Jets HC Rex Ryan will interview with the Falcons next week ,  as @MMehtaNYDN reported . Jaguars FB Greg Jones is visiting the Texans today . Carson Wentzs ACL was loose when it was tested manually today ,  which is why team fears its torn Wentz is schedul  . For those who missed the late great Stuart Scott   and we always will   may he rest in peace ... RT @RyanWahoo If Browns don't take Richardson ,  would Hightower be an option in Clev  ?   ...  Richardson is a solid bet for the Browns . Spotted on plane on way to SEA ,  Marshawn Lynch has decided to return to NFL he and Seattle have reached agreement on new deal ,  per source . RT @JRader827 What is rumored pricetag for Kolb  ?   ...  Whenever lockout is lifted ,  I believe Eagles will get first round pick . And then some . #1. RT @caplannfl Contingent of Chiefs personnel including HC Andy Reid and GM John Dorsey headed to Texas A & M to work out LT Luke Joeckel . So Bears now have added two free agent LBs ,  former Colt Jerrell Freeman and former Bronco Danny Trevathan . RT @ColyB300 Who has best chance to reach playoffs of the 0 2 teams  ?   ...  I'd keep my eye on the Rams . In that divison ,  anything possible . RT @ArmandoSalguero NY Post national edition cover headline on story about Rex Ryan and Mark Sanchez Fatman & Robin  ... Some Josh Gordon news coming up on ESPN's NFL Insiders ,  then some Dez Bryant developments on Sunday Countdown . NFL statement on Sunday's Steelers Chiefs game being changed to 820 pm ET from 105 pm ET  . So Matt Forte ,  and other RBs ,  are unhappy right about now . in case you were wondering @tthasselbeck is my owner in #fantasyfootball . Percy Harvin to IR . Leodis McKelvin activated to Bills' 53 man roster . Raiders move to Las Vegas now uncertain ,  at best . On this Veterans Day ,  a simple thank you to those who have served ,  are serving ,  or will serve our country . Thank you . A smart take on Kirk Cousins  ,  whom Washington now should trade asap ,  via @billbarnwell . FIFA bans Luis Suarez 9 games and 4 months for biting opponent . And @BobHoltzmanESPN is reporting Bengals WR AJ Green ,  who is at practice today in a walking boot ,  officially is out Sunday vs Carolina . Chargers expect TE Antonio Gates ,  listed as questionable with a hamstring injury ,  to be able to play vs . Raiders ,  per source . For now ,  Broncos believe CB Dominique Rodgers Cromartie suffered a high ankle sprain during practice today . To fill WR Eric Decker's roster spot now that he's on IR ,  Jets signed CB Nick Marshall off Jaguars' practice ...  Home officestudiomancave has been stripped down ,  denuded . Like losing a piece of you . The mold is going to pay ...  Steelers Alejandro Villanueva is donating all proceeds on his jerseyapparel sales to USO and other military non profits ,  as he always has . so on this big weekend of football ,  starting QBs will include Matt Flynn ,  Joe Webb ,  Drew Stanton ,  Rex Grossman and possibly Brodie Croyle . Martellus Bennett to reacquaint with old team and Jay Cutler during Patriots Bears practices . Broncos WR Emmanuel Sanders will miss Sundays game vs . Chargers with sprained ankle ,  per Vance Joseph . Jerome Harrison rushed for more yards Sunday than Thomas Jones ,  Cedric Benson ,  LaDainian Tomlinson ,  Joseph Addai and Marion Barber COMBINED . No practice today for RB Ahmad Bradshaw ,  RB Darren McFadden ,  WR Julio Jones ,  QB Michael Vick . RT @panther1gb89 Who's next HC in Carolina ,  and please don't say Grimm .  ...  Not sure who it will be ,  but don't expect it to be Cowher . Ben Roethlisberger active ,  but Steelers have not yet announced starting QB . Roethlisberger was warming up arm before ,  beneath stadium . Chris Baker 3 yr deal with Bucs ... 6M per yr Rhett Ellison 4 yr 18M deal with Giants with 8M fully guaranteed at signing . As @caplannfl reported ,  Cardinals and Kevin Kolb could not reach agreement on restructured contract and now will release him . Early in its search for a new head coach ,  Penn State approached Tennessee head coach Mike Munchak ,  but was told he was not interested . Bills announced they have named former Texans personnel man Brian Gaine their VP of Player Personnel . Jeff Fisher told people he spoke with that he was so impressed with Jeff Ireland that he would hire him as his general manager if he could . Bad week for old LBs . Former 4th overall pick Keith McCants ,  42 ,  was arrested on suspicion of buying drugs at a Mobile ,  Ala. ,  hotel . Best wishes to Karl and family RT @espn Denver Nuggets coach George Karl still in hospital with complications    . David  ?  Jim Schwartz and Kyle Vanden Bosch drank wine all night ,  leading colleague Josh Elliott to say that when KVD awoke ,  he asked ,  I did what ?  ! And now ,  with Michael Vick re signing ,  the crop of free agent QBs becomes even smaller ,  giving SF more leverage to trade Alex Smith . Random sobering thought what would you be doing on this Sunday next year if ,  as some suspect ,  there is no football  ?  After leaving team last week and considering retirement ,  LB John Abraham has decided to return to Cardinals ,  per source . And there goes @CortFinnegan with the news the Rams have released him . Classy send off message from him ,  too . And then there were two ... The Lions andfirst round pick Ndamukong Suh reached agreement Tuesday on a five year contract . Former Colts WR Austin Collie signed a one year deal with the SF 49ers ,  as @mikegarafolo reported . Saints feel as if they have done necessary work for draft ,  decided it would be best to take break ,   attack draft fresh on Monday . So Vegas . Jeff Foster ,  who runs the Combine ,  is expected to be in GM search mix in Indy and St . Louis . Interviewed in KC before ,  considered in SF . Friday's 10 Spot on Rooney Rule ,  Kurt Warner's magic ,  the Ravens' spirit ,  Nate Kaeding and other playoff preview nuggets  . Bryce Petty is Jets' back up QB today . Christian Hackenberg inactive . Billy Crystal practicing his catchphrases for tonight's 6 ET SportsCenter  this is like an ESPN commercial   . hasn't . Eagles announced they have claimed DT Antonio Dixon off waivers from the Washington Redskins . Cut AJ Feeley to make room for him . SD's first round pick DJ Fluker signed today . Bears placed Robbie Gould on IR and signed Olindo Mare . About ESPN  . Dr . Russell Warren ,  Giants team physician on David Wilson There has been significant progress and healing since David had the fusion.There was a buzz about Aaron Hernandez in Patriots' building all day . Belief is ,  he's not involved . But lots of questions . Top NFL moments of 2009  the one from the paid site yesterday . himself . Raiders inactives include WR Johnnie Lee HigginsRB Justin FargasT Khalif BarnesG Paul McQuistanWR Chaz Schilens . Hines Ward posted on his Facebook page that he's already told Steelers he's willing to restructure his deal so he can remain with team . Eagles sign G Chance Warmack to a one year contract extension through 2018.Dolphins hosting visit today with Jets free agent G Brandon Moore ,  he of Butt Fumble fame . Matt McGloin will become first Raiders rookie QB to start since JaMarcus Russell in 2007.Broncos haven't determined if CJ Anderson has full or partial tear in meniscus   that will be determined during arthroscopic surgery today . With a win tonight ,  Bill Belichick would tie Curly Lambeau for the 4th most wins by a head coach in NFL history . Ravens placing franchise tag on Justin Tucker means Baltimore OL Kelechi Osemele will hit the free agent market   and the jackpot . Filed to ESPN Brandon Marshall reaches agreement with Dolphins on four year ,  47.5 million extension ,  including 24 million guaranteed . RT @PeteCarroll congrats to good friend marc trestman and the montreal alouettes for their grey cup championship last night  !  Vikings WR Percy Harvin is active today versus Steelers . RT @Cooker28 As Min fan ,  we really coulda used Sage Rosenfels last night . Bet he just loved watching that . Thanks Chilly .  ...  Fun not over . Chargers announced they reached agreement on a one year deal with former Bills WR Roscoe Parrish . For all of today's NFL moves ,  cuts and trades ,  please click here  . This is 5th time since 1989 an NFL HC has been fired 4 games or earlier into a season . None of previous 4 teams rebounded to make playoffs . Big coaching news day . Again . Lovie Smith expected to return ,  though some assistants won't . And Eric Mangini   and us   learns his fate . It'll be high ,  within first 12 picks ,  I'd say . RT @lynwoodtudyp @AdamSchefter any word on where or even if Jimmy Clausen gets drafted  ?  Richie Incognito was summoned to NFL offices before 2012 season to explain two separate off field incidents in which charges were dismissed . People I listened to you yesterday about Bob Stoops were wrong . He is not leaving Oklahoma . I'll go back to sticking with NFL now . Jerome Boger has been selected as the referee for Super Bowl XLVII . More details on pressure now facing Cardinals . RT @espnnfl Larry Fitzgerald a free agent if no extension  . Steelers RB Rashard Mendenhall expected to make season debut against Eagles on Sunday . Saints TE Jimmy Graham plans to play today vs . Lions ,  but also wants to test shoulder pre game first before making it official ,  per source . Don't want to imply that Cleveland despises Denver ,  but Browns haven't beaten Broncos in eight straight games dating back to 1991.Of this I'm sure Thomas wants two cracks at Pats this year RT @mortreport Know it's out there but yes ,  Jets are discussing Adalius Thomas . Josh Cribbs has returned an NFL record eight kicks for TDs ,  two more than Pro Football Hall of Famers Ollie Matson and Gale Sayers had . View Roger Goodell and Tom Brady will have leaving US Courthouse ...  Bengals DE Carlos Dunlap is not practicing right now due to a concussion he suffered earlier in the week . He is out for now . If Mannings are football royalty ,  then this is real royalty Now at Charlie Rose Show with Saudi Prince Alwaleed  and a lot of bodyguards .One more issue in Oakland Raiders CB Nnamdi Asomugha is expected to be sidelined about two weeks with a chipped bone in left wrist . Santonio Holmes early numbers 5 years ,  50 million ,  including 24 million guaranteed ,  thought to be highest guarantee given to a WR . proud . Tim Tebow once again the Broncos No . 2 quarterback with Brady Quinn inactive and the No . 3 quarterback . Steven Jackson's agent ,  @caricsportsmgmt ,  imploring me to draft his client with #2 pick . Assures me Jackson will have monster year . Vince Lombardi's grandson ,  the Saints QB coach Joe Lombardi ,  goes for a ring of his own . Jacksonville and Washington each are scheduled to hold a private workout in South Bend ,  Ind. ,  with Notre Dame QB Jimmy Clausen . How it's done  . Mitchell Trubisky will wear No . 10 for the Bears . Vin Scully deserves the type of send off next year that Mariano Rivera got this year . Agreed . RT @prosb4hos One guy not getting enough credit for Broncos success Pat Bowlen . He had 1st choice in coach and he made it count  !  Colt McCoy to Cleveland  !  #nfldraft . Just as 49ers running back Frank Gore plans to hold out for a new deal ,  so does Tennesse running back Chris Johnson . Gronk Flakes ,  a frosted corn flakes cereal endorsed by TE Rob Gronkowski ,  is hitting Stop & Shop supermarkets in New England area this week . Buccaneers are putting K Nick Folk on IR with minor designation ,  which means they must release him once he's healthy ,  per source . And Ryan Clark as The Hulk ...  Washington WR Jamison Crowder ,  listed as questionable for Sunday with a hamstring injury ,  is expected to play vs Minnesota ,  per source . Seahawks CB Richard Sherman hired Lance Easley ,  the replacement ref who missed the TD call in the MNF game vs GB ,  for charity softball game . DE Quinton Coples ,  whom Jets drafted in first round out of North Carolina ,  is in Carolina today taking a physical with Panthers ,  per source . Colts relinquishing rights to five RFAs RB Mike Hart ,  TEs Gijon Robinson and Tom Santi ,  and DBs Jamie Silva and Mike Richardson . What . A . Game . Wow . #hailtothevictors . Steelers have named Burt Lauten their Communications Coordinator . Lauten had served as teams public relationsmedia manager . Troy Vincent ,  who has spent 22 years as an NFL player and executive ,  has been named NFL executive vice president of football operations . #KnowThemFromAdam A trip down memory lane ,  and everywhere ,  with @colts owner @jimirsay. LISTEN ...  In 19 seasons with 17 total first round picks ,  Rams HC Jeff Fisher never has drafted an offensive lineman in round one ... Oklahoma St . OT Russell Okung   who already has visited Lions ,  KC ,  Seattle ,  and Tampa   is visiting Washington on Monday . Steelers WR Antonio Brown will not hold out and will report to camp ,  hopeful of landing reworked contract ...  Not much . Not enough time RT @bennedeto @AdamSchefter Do u watch any College football at all ,  or are u strictly #nfl ,  becuz that's ur job  ?  Saints signed former Bears G Terrence Metcalf to a one year contract and waived G Joe Tonga . Monday's best at NFL training camps What you need to know.Raiders reached agreement with former 49ers CB Shawntae Spencer . Five times in today's 40 page ruling ,  Judge Berman put quotation marks around independent in reference to Ted Wells investigation . Until WR Jeremy Maclin reached agreement with Philadelphia on a 1 year deal ,  Jets and Broncos were preparing to make a run at him . Good to see Da Coach has reclaimed his cigar from my desk ...  To make room for LB Sam Barrington ,  Chiefs waived former starting LB Ramik Wilson ,  per source . Jets more optimistic that RB Chris Ivory will go than WR Eric Decker ,  but both players looked at pregame . Browns signed Brandon Weeden . RT @MDPMe Any idea where Pryor might go  ?  .. Could be any of the 17 teams that attended his workout . But can't you pictutre him as a Raider  ?  Look at Joe Willie Shockey . RT @JeremyShockey just got back home ...  305 here we come . Redskins expected to hire Sean McVay as their offensive coordinator ,  per league sources . Jets WR Santonio Holmes will be suspended the first four games ,  a league source said . So Jets will be without Holmes for opener and beyond . Despite a hamstring injury ,  Broncos S Brian Dawkins practiced today and is probable for Sunday . Browns signed former Redskins kicker Shaun Suisham and waived undrafted free agent rookie kicker Leigh Tiffin . Green Bay S Nick Collins' three year extension is worth 23.4 million ,  and includes 14 million in the first year of the contract . MRI confirmed that Rams DT Dominique Easley tore his ACL ,  and he is out for season ,  per source . Inactives Rishard Matthews ,  John Ross ,  Matthew Slater ,  Martellus Bennett.Actives Charles Clay ,  Jordan Matthews ,   . There are now only 11 NFL teams with a winning record ,  the fewest entering Week 11 since 1990.And here it is . RT @McClainonNFL The Texans' first visit will be with S Ed Reed . He'll be at their facility on Thursday . No surprise but Bucs QB Jameis Winston ,  listed as questionable for Sunday vs Panthers due to right shoulder injury ,  will start ,  per source .   . And another notable retirement former Packers ,  Vikings ,  Dolphins WR Greg Jennings hangs up his cleats . Strong run . Bills' Tyrod Taylor ,  who has 27.5M option bonus due March 11 ,  has been medically cleared from last months groin surgery ,  per team source . First time going into Twitter drawl . Walking out front door for long ago made dinner plans in NYC ,  get text Favre retiring ,  cant tweet  sick . RT @Jaredman85 What about Dez BryantMike Williams for OFF ROY  ?  Both are major contributors .   ...  Great players . Pouncey better this year . Two Rutgers standouts @ Jets camp DE Jamaal Westerman and Brandon Renkart . Both look like they'll make it . Classy . RT @terrellowens I wanna thank Mike Brown & the coaching staff 4 the visit along wthe possible opportunity 2 play wcarson & 85.OR Will Beatty re signing with NY Giants ,  per source . Fantasy tip of the day look for Jets RB Shon Greene to have a big day today . Steelers gave GM Kevin Colbert a two year contract extension . RT @thebear Do you know when the NFC No . 1 seed will play on Divisional playoff weekend  ?   ...  Not announced until wild card weekend . Maybe the single greatest commercial you'll see . Chargers agreed to terms on a three year contract with former Indianapolis Colts RB Donald Brown ,  the team announced . Seattle's Wait for Wilson ... To update three of four leading rushers from 2012Jamaal Charles is a Bronco.Marshawn Lynch is a Raider.Adrian Peterson is a Saint . Giants DE Jason Pierre Paul finger amputated today . Medical source expects him to play this season ,  sooner than people think.RT @VonsKing is Gates playing tonight  ?   ...  Don't think so . With 2,619 yards and 24 TDs ,  Aaron Rodgers is first player with at least 2,600 pass yds and 24 pass TDs in teams first 8 games of a season . Lions have spent day in talks with Ravens HC Jim Caldwell and Detroit has been focusing on him ,  via @mortreport and me . Deserved . RT @espn Congrats to the Cavs  !  Cleveland will have the first pick in the 2011 NBA Draft  No . 3   Jazz . No.2   T Wolves .Bears HC John Fox said QB Jay Cutler has been cleared to play from thumb injury . To make room for guard Evan Mathis ,  Broncos released veteran kicker Connor Barth . Broncos kicker now Brandon McManus . FWIW Cardinals HC Ken Whisenhunt told Scott Van Pelt Show that Arizona's plan is for Derek Anderson to start final exhibition game . Tremendous read from  . You might question this ,  but it's absolutely true . Reporters don't root for teams . We root for people and we root for stories . That simple . Colts S Bob Sanders is scheduled to vist Dr . James Andrews tomorrow to help determine how long his torn biceps will sideline him . Colts DL David Parry arrested in Arizona  . Patriots have signed RB Rex Burkhead ,  per @FieldYates . RT @GeigerGeiger @Revis24 and @AdamSchefter #ocnn  . Peyton Manning will announce his retirement during a press conference Monday at Broncos headquarters ,  per @mortreport . In second year of his restructured contract ,  Raiders QB Matt Flynn's base salary drops from 6.25 million to 5 million . One WR off the market Jeremy Kerley and 49ers agree on a 3 year ,  10.5 million deal ,  per @caplannfl and me . Friday 10 Spot Today is 10 year anniversary of the hit on Drew Bledsoe and the rise of Tom Brady . The lowdown on Brian Westbrook for tonight . A group of Jaguars fans holding  a rally in EverBank Field parking lot at 316 p.m . ET today to encourage team to sign Tim Tebow . Another LB for Indy Colts signed former Bears ,  Patriots and Lions linebacker Jon Bostic . Panthers became 4th team in NFL history to start season 14 0. Past three 14 0 teams reached Super Bowl ,  with 1972 Dolphins winning it all . The story behind Cardinals QB Kurt Warner and what sounds like his retirement . all  ?  RT @NottheOFace I hate that new draft format takes away a Saturday of beer ,  poker ,  and the NFL draft .  ...  Make it Thurs and Fri nights . Colin Kaepernick didn't stand for National Anthem in first 2 preseason games ,  either few noticed because he wasn't in uniform ,  didn't play . And now ,  back to Brett Favre ... Patriots talking w former RamsFalcons RB Steven Jackson about a return ,  as @Edwerderespn reported . Jackson played for Josh McDaniels in STL . Rob Gronkowski's back issue considered minor ,  per source . If he needs surgery it'd be during time frame that he'd be out with arm surgery . Not happening . RT @banglinjr not that's is gonna happen ,  if noone wants LJ could he still end up back with the Chiefs somehow  ?  Ted Cottrell reduced Ed Reed's one game suspension to only a 50,000 fine . Wow ... Josh Freeman has thrown 13 interceptions last Buccaneers QB with at least 13 interceptions in 1st 9 games was ace analyst Trent Dilfer . PITT LB Ryan Shazier sprained MCL ,  MRI today . LB Jarvis Jones likely needs wrist surgery ,  sidelined indefinitely . CB Ike Taylor broke arm . As part of the new CBA ,  each player on a roster this weekend will have the option of NFL healthcare for life . Now this is how a QB looks before his first start ...  RT @mettshow New look is ready to go  . Patriots announced they have released DL Kony Ealy . Numbers are in Raiders first round pick Rolando McClain signed a 5 year ,  40 million contract that includes 23 million guaranteed . One team doesn't wait until Sunday to deliver its message  . More Brian St . Pierre credentials . RT @meo627 ESPN's own Tim Hasselbeck's back up at BC for two years . Chargers' LB Manti Te'o tore his Achilles and will require surgery ,  per source . Out for season . Gronk's new deal will give him chance to boost this year's salary from 5.25M to 10.75M ,  per @RosenhausSports . Former NBA star Mookie Blaylock is on life support after car crash . Could use some prayers . And if we're going to get into these movie rankings ,  my all time ,  No . 1 still is and always will be ... Shawshank Redemption . Packers signed Ted Thompson ,  their Executive VP ,  GM and Director of Football Ops ,  to a new ,  multi year contract . Deal agreed to 6 wks ago . Some around league believe Weather Gods acquiesced to NFL's request to save monster snowstorm for this year ,  not last year's SB . Chicago Bears officially have released K Robbie Gould and signed G Josh Sitton . He must go through waivers today   we'll see RT @ryantmorgan @AdamSchefter Any word on where Hank Baskett might end up  ?  Friday 10 Spot Potential 0 16 season haunts two Colts ,  what Tim Tebow has done so well ,  Steve Gleason fundraiser . Thanks to @aloha711 ,  I'd put La Traviata   on W . 68th between Columbus and Broadway   up against about any pizza in NYC . Real sleeper pick . Josh Gordon is first WR taken in NFL's supplemental draft since the Jets selected Rob Moore from Syracuse in 1990 ,  via Elias . Trent Edwards being helped off the field . Bent back by David Harris and Calvin Pace and Edwards helped off field . RT @nancygay Washington Post is retracting its report that John Wooden has died . He remains hospitalized  in grave condition . Two standout defensive players ,  Jets CB Darrelle Revis  concussion  and Texans DE JJ Watt  hand  ,  are listed as probable to play in Week 14.Committee to talk Roger Goodell contract after counterproposal for 50M salary ,  lifetime private jet ,  per  . Every trending topic on Twitter is related to AFC Championship game . #checkitout . RT @McClainonNFL Cushing passed every random test since Sept . I voted Kevin Williams first team ,  so why wouldn't I vote for Cushing  ?  Standing behind @ussocer & #USMNT today for their #WorldCup game against Ghana . #USA #OneNationOneTeam  . WR Braylon Edwards ,  waived by Seattle today ,  could be headed back to New York Jets . Here's the correct link  I think  to the Bills shopping Trent Edwards story  . offer . RT @whatsdafus Ashley lelie  ?  shocked no one wants em . Pat . Willie Parker ,  Larry Johnson and Clinton Portis now will have an open competition for the Redskins starting RB job   best back wins . RT @TrevorCarlisle Was Brock Osweiler the right choice to sit behind Peyton in Denver  ?   ...  Is comfortable on the bench the next few years . Whoa Andy Reid names Michael Vick as team's starting quarterback . Mr . Hanson provided an interview to a reporter detailing more facts than he had given to the officer ,  some of which were inconsistent.Filed to ESPN with @mortreport NFL and NFLPA ,  including Roger Goodell and De Smith ,  met face to face in Chicago . More on Sportscenter . Green Bay first round pick Bryan Bulaga will start at RT for Mark Tauscher ,  who is nursing a shoulder injury . Willie Snead active.Michael Thomas active.Dontrelle Inman inactive.Ardarius Stewart Inactive.Graham Gano active.Ronald Darby Inactive . Chargers third round pick ,  LB Donald Butler ,  sustained an Achilles injury in practice on Tuesday and will miss the 2010 season . Broncos TE Tony Scheffler might have an attitude problem . Adam Schefter    look at me going third person    does not . Adrian Peterson was notified today that he has been suspended without pay for at least the remainder of the 2014 NFL season . Tyrann Mathieu has moved from Baton Rouge ,  La. ,  to Broward County ,  Fla. ,  where he is living with family of Cardinals CB Patrick Peterson . Titans sign former LB Tim Shaw ,  battling ALS ,  to one day contract . Major props to the people at NFL Films that poured their lives into making Hard Knocks the great show it was . Game balls all around . There it is ,  last tweet worked Today's bus visitors   Bills RB Fred Jackson and QB Justin Bieber . Judge for yourself . Andre Smith ,  Michael Crabtree   forget about when either will sign  not anytime soon  it'll be hard for either to contribute this season . Born on this day 34 years ago ...  Busiest position coach in NFL when rookie minicamps open Browns' WR coach Al Saunders . By signing QB Mike Vick ,  Eagles have their franchise tag available after this season if they want to use it on WR DeSean Jackson . RT @Rodneyh37 @kerryrhodes Kerry ,  you talk big for someone yet to even win in the playoffs . Think you will ever accomplish what i did  ?  Colts personnel man Tom Telesco interviewed Friday for Chargers GM job . Team also has interviewed well regarded Jimmy Raye . Ted Ginn Jr . is the first player to have a kickoff return touchdown and punt return touchdown in the same game on opening weekend . Nothing like the Border War RT @RapSheet Awesome . Tom Brady tells WEEI about Hard Knocks I hate the Jets . I refuse to support that show.Redskins never requested   and will not request   a private workout with RG3 ,  feeling they saw what they needed at his pro day . Falcons CB Asante Samuel ,  listed as questionable with a shoulder injury ,  is starting today vs . Tampa Bay . And back to football . RIP Tray Walker ... Unspeakably sad . RT @ReillyRick Dinner at Clancy's in NO with Lennay Kekua ,  @adamschefter and @tunasweasel . Lennay had deer antler . Cowboys DE Greg Hardy's next move is deciding whether to file suit vs NFL in federal court to have 4 game suspension further reduced . Reax starting to pour in ...  RT @phillyfoley @AdamSchefter BOOOOOOOOO ... sorry just warming up for Vick's first game in Philly . As good as Rashard Mendenhall looks ,  still think Willie Parker is primary ball carrier . Willie told me this is best he's felt in two years . Colts OC Pep Hamilton is a candidate for the Vanderbilt HC job ,  according to multiple league sources . Consistent RT @PostBroncos McGahee said he wants to play  thinks he will . But will depend on warmups ,  which don't start for ,  oh ,   4 hours . Maples family from Bend ,  Ore. ,  just arrived in Canton for tonight's ceremony . Drove three days to get here and are going back tomorrow . Wow . MRI on QB Joe Flacco's knee revealed mild MCL sprain that will have him wearing knee brace Sunday but will not prevent from playing vs . NE . Latest on a possible trade involving Jets DE Muhammad Wilkerson ...  Dolphins' WR Kenny Stills ,  who went down during today's practice ,  had his back lock up on him ,  per source . Injury not considered serious . For Dallas ,  it's now win and in . One win tonight in Washington clinches a playoff spot   and seriously cools down Wade Phillips' seat . Before having to pay his bonus in March ,  the Vikings released veteran WR Michael Jenkins . Might be easier to win the lottery . RT @jksports Two people out of 5.9 million picked this Final 4 in their ESPN.com bracket . Texans WR Will Fuller is inactive . Ted Wells has released his report to the NFL ,  which has released it to public . Details coming ... Aaron Rodgers ruled out of Sunday's game vs . Dallas . Chargers are giving former Browns' WR Travis Benjamin a 4 year ,  24 million deal that includes 13 million guaranteed ,  per source . From the Hearing Officer in Ezekiel Elliott CaseAs his designated Hearing Officer in this matter ,  my ...  Two plus minutes into the game ,  and the Panthers already have used two timeouts . Not what Broncos fans want to hear but Torrey Smith is doing to Denver in a Saturday Divisional Playoff what Jimmy Smith once did . Cardinals QB Carson Palmer ,  listed as questionable for Sunday vs . STL ,  took all snaps at todays walkthrough and is expected to start Sunday . RT @wobblebody Ice storm  ?  Wow ,  can't wait to see Greeny's face on Mike&Mike  ...  Must see TV or must listen radio . Going to be  van  pelted . Costly injury for Browns' QB RGIII he has 703,125 in per game roster bonuses and 3.5M in incentives he could have earned this year . Jets placed QB Josh McCown on IR.Eagles officially placed QB Carson Wentz on IR.And on it goes . RT @ChrisJohnson28 @AdamSchefter can we pick up Braylon edwards  ?   ...  Let's ask . @OfficialBraylon ,  how you feel about Tennessee  ?  Steelers QB Dennis Dixon carted off field with what appears to be a left knee injury . Charlie Batch in . Seahawks placed on PUP DE Chris Clemons  knee  ,  WR Percy Harvin  hip  ,  TE Zach Miller  foot  ,  RB Robert Turbin  foot .4 years later and #Haiti still needs our help .  Join me  @AidStillReqd and let Haiti know we havent forgotten .  Saints running back Reggie Bush ,  who has missed the past seven games due to a broken fibula ,  plans to play Sunday vs . Seattle . Grand Jury indicted Shayana Jenkins and Tanya Singleton in connection to ongoing investigation into June 17th homicide of Odin Lloyd . Browns HC Hue Jackson We are not going to trade Joe Thomas.Specifically Peyton Manning has a torn rectus femoris ,  which runs down center of thigh . Bruising was so severe it spread to back of his leg . QB Drew Stanton has agreed to terms on a 1 year deal with the Lions . So there's this RT @FieldYates About to board flight to Indy from Boston . Ex Browns GM Mike Lombardi is with Patriots' fleet at gate . Texans HC Gary Kubiak on WR Andre Johnson's status vs . Colts Hes out . Hes very close . Sounds familiar ,  doesnt it  ?  He will not go.Adrian Peterson is ridiculous . He just threw a LB like the guy played on some JV team . Highlight stuff . Check out @MarkHerzlichs inspiring story in his memoir WHAT IT TAKES ,  now available  . Colts DT Henry Anderson suffered a laryngeal fracture Sunday ,  will have procedure Friday ,  and will be placed on season ending IR ,  per source . Patriots once drafted Tom Brady at pick No . 199. This year at No . 199 ,  Lions drafted Notre Dame RB Theo Riddick . Ready for this ...  ?  RT @OGOchoCinco     . Colts are giving CB Vontae Davis a four year ,  39 million deal ,  including 20 million guaranteed ,  per source . RT @jhalitsky Here's hoping winner of @OGOchoCinco v @ChrisJohnson28 race donates his Pro Bowl check to Haiti relief too ... TY Hilton wants to play . But no Colts player who Did Not Practice during week this season has played Sunday . DNPs unbeaten going into today . Jaguars timing is almost identical to some years back . Jags cut Byron Leftwitch and turned to Garrard . Now cut Garrard and turn to McCown . Cowboys Chief Operating Officer Stephen Jones and one of Romos agents ,  CAAs R.J . Gonser ,  did the record six year deal together . A worthwhile read on the rift in the Broncos locker room from the esteemed columnist Dave Krieger .  RT @Stacklife510 How much easier did Jamarcus make it for Al Davis to recoup his signing bonus  ?   ...  He's certainly giving the Raiders ammo . Former Redskins RB Clinton Portis is now suing the league over concussions ...  One more major reason Washington traded for Donovan McNabb Since 2002 ,  the Redskins have a 15 33 record in the NFC East . Former Texans RB Arian Foster is scheduled to visit the Miami Dolphins on Tuesday ,  per source . Just wondering What are the odds that some guests will be turned away from Tony Romo's wedding because the seating is unsafe  ?  RT @ArmenKeteyian At The Early Show now . McNair Part 1 set to air at 716. Right now ,  4 minutes long . Fingers crossed nothing forces change . CJ Anderson's offer sheet with Miami 4 years ,  18 million . Denver has five days to match or lose Anderson . RT @JohnNiyo Free agent LB Bobby Carpenter was on the field working out for Lions after practice today . Cut by Dolphins on Monday . It's official now Chiefs have named Charlie Weis their new offensive coordinator . One month from now ,  masses will be assembling in Canton for Hall of Fame festivities and the first preseason football game of the year . Wow . Better combo than Manning Luck  ?    RT @ESPNNFL Record in 1st 100 startsAaron Rodgers 68 32Brett Favre 68 32  . At this time ,  there have been no applicants for the NFL's supplemental draft . Thus ,  no date for one has been set . Filed to ESPN If he gets out of Minnesota today ,  RB LaDainian Tomlinson is scheduled to visit the New York Jets on Friday . RT @LDUsportsPicks No easier way to donate money than by simply voting . Help cure diabetes . Some help today for Aaron Rodgers Green Bay's Mark Tauscher will start at right tackle for the Packers . Biggest cut of the weekend Ravens released kicker Billy Cundiff ,  per league source . Jay Leno on NBC last night I watched Brett Favre today . Very impressive . He went the whole game without retiring.Broncos agreed to terms with safety Mike Adams on Thursday ,  team announced . With Tim Tebow to Denver ,  Buffalo has to be heartbroken . It was going after Tim Tebow hard and he was square on their radar . #nfldraft . Eagles expecting him to play . RT @RazorBeast @AdamSchefter any news news on Westbrook Adam  ?  Dolphins terminated contracts of S Gerald Alexander CB Will Allen ,  NT Ronald Fields ,  RB Larry Johnson ,  FB Lousaka Polite ,  T Ray Willis . Miami Dolphins claimed former Texans RB Steve Slaton on waivers . Players in NYC A Boldin ,  D . Butler ,  R . Okung ,  K . Stills ,  J . Thomas ,  M . Thomas ,  K . Beachum ,  D . Davis ,  M . Jenkins ,  C Long ,  E . Reid ,  J Norman . Falcons WR Roddy White's new four year deal with ATL is worth up to 30 million ,  including 18 million the next two seasons ,  per source . Baltimore's Bling Bling ...  Mr . Irrelevant is former Louisville and now Arizona Cardinals TE Gerald Christian . Based on calls and texts ,  I am convinced today is the day we learn what Ben Roethlisberger's discipline will be . With Houston's camp opening today ,  Texans WR Andre Johnson reported to team this morning and already is in its training facility . Wonder who coach has for Pats Saints . RT @JarrettMcCoy @AdamSchefter Coach Ditka is now 11 0 picking the winner from MNF . Just as Giants will have less time to prep for Eagles ...  RT @rmack The Vikings also have a shorter week to prepare for the Bears  !  Eddie Lacy weighed in at 253 pounds today ,  two below the limit the Seahawks set now collects 55,000 for it . Another Texas state championship for the Jones family . 49ers HC Kyle Shanahan has added to his coaching staff the great Bobby Turner follows along ,  a big loss for Atlant  . Cardinals GM Steve Keim believes FS Tyrann Mathieu has a chance to return from his knee injury to play in Week 1 this season . Precise numbers on Seahawks' WR Doug Baldwin's new deal  . George Karl expected to take over Kings after the All Star break ,  per @ChrisBroussard and @ESPNSteinLine . Kings now have one new fan . The age difference between Peyton Manning and Cam Newton   13 years ,  48 days   is the biggest between QBs in Super Bowl history ,  per Elias . Surprise Jaguars deactivated RB Leonard Fournette for violating team rule ,  source tells ESPN . Chris Ivory starting . Texans QB Deshaun Watson underwent ACL surgery this morning in Houston ,  per source doctors did not find any additional damage . Josh Robinson is signing with the Buccaneers 2 years ,  6.5M ,  including 3.5 guaranteed ,  per source . According to the schedule that Jets HC Rex Ryan handed out to his players ,  the Super Bowl parade is now 23 days away . Some familiar faces tried out in KC Thursday Chiefs tried out former Patriots LB Larry Izzo and former Kansas State LB Mark Simoneau . With the deal for WR Plaxico Burress ,  Braylon Edwards is now not expected to return to the Jets . Former Rams WR Brandon Gibson agreed to terms with Dolphins . Miami active . Biggest win of season for Penn St . It was so afraid Bill O'Brien was leaving ,  it had started to contact coaching candidates . 2  We recognize that the current officials are under unprecedented scrutiny and we are committed to do all we can to   . Now this is a good news story . RT @OGOchoCinco OCNN NEWSin fact I'm gonna match the fine and donate it to a good cause league has enough  . Matchup of the day to watch New Eagles center Nick Cole against Cowboys NT Jay Ratliff ,  who is a beast . Baltimore traded its second and fifth round picks to Arizona to move up in second round . Baltimore wants another offensive weapon . An FYI for Michigan fans that need to remember brighter days . Michigan's Heisman Trophy winner @desmondhoward is on Twitter . Patriots fear DE Derek Rivers ,  their top draft choice this year ,  has suffered a season ending knee injury ,  per @FieldYates and @MikeReiss . Front page of sports section in Chicago Tribune says it all ...  RT @Roachk1lla So when will you be announcing the Jim Schwartz 15 year contract extension  ?  Myles Garrett placed in concussion protocol . Steelers are 1 5 against Ravens and 8 2 vs all other teams without Ben Roethlisberger since his first career start in Week 3 of 2004.By using transition tag instead of franchise tag on C Alex Mack ,  tag drops almost 1 million from over 11 million to about 10.3 million . Bengals have ruled out RB Giovani Bernard for Sunday's game vs . Jacksonville . Washington will hire former Pro Bowl WR Keenan McCardell as its WR coach . McCardell was a coaching intern last summer with N.Y . Giants . Celtics announced Gordon Hayward diagnosed with fractured left ankle . Entering Tuesday ,  the Ducks  NHL  ,  Wizards  NBA  and Warriors  NBA  were the only unbeaten teams in their sports this postseason . No longer . Mike Zimmer said it doesn't look good right now for Teddy Bridgewater to be able to play this season . After a draft in which they selected three Florida players ,  the Patriots reached agreement with former Florida 1st round pick Gerard Warren . Teams likely to consider claiming Randy Moss on waivers Cowboys ,  Redskins ,  Rams ,  Bears ,  Dolphins ,  Raiders ,  Chiefs ,  Jets ,  Patriots . Vikings RB Adrian Peterson is inactive today . Dallas signed LB Gary Guyton Tennessee signed G Kyle DeVan and DE Jarius Wynn Titans put G Leroy Harris on IR . As Redskins GM Bruce Allen has said ,  You may be able to write NFL history without Ed Sabol ,  but you couldn't see it.I'm sure David Garrard finds this very comforting ...  RT @sinfl Owner Jags will consider drafting Tebow in '10  . Happy 56th birthday to the greatest No . 56 ...  K Olindo Mare has left Seattle to sign with another team . Seahawks now searching for replacement free agent kicker . Last 7 NBA champs reached All Star break w win % of .700 or better . 3 teams have 700 win% Warriors  .824  ,  Hawks  .796  ,  Grizzlies  .736 .Browns requested permission for OC interviews w Cowboys OC Bill Callahan and DAL asst Scott Linehan ,  per source . Jags requested Callahan . 49ers officially have informed Chip Kelly he no longer is their coach ,  per source . Carson Palmer's new three year deal with the Cardinals is guaranteed through 2015 ,  per source . Seattle gave former Cardinals WR Early Doucet a one year deal . It's official Colt McCoy starts for Cleveland on Sunday vs . New England . Hmmm . RT @RalphCindrich Steelers had no choice on Big Ben . Problem is teammates upset . He is a great player but known as a Drama Queen . I like the idea   league won't . RT @ndb4ever If Goodell did what's right he'd let Chad wear 15 Sunday  !  Please RT if you agree Adam . RT @BSanzabar What do you expect Colts to do via free agency  ?  OL ,  CB and SS are needs .  ...  You're on it . RT ,  RG ,  CB ,  in that order . News gets worse for Colts . As reported on ESPN ,  Colts safety Bob Sanders has a torn biceps tendon . He now will be out for the year . Lions RB Theo Riddick inactive tonight ,  as is CB Darius Slay . Patriots LB Jerod Mayo could miss rest of season after undergoing surgery for a torn pectoral muscle on Tuesday ,  Yahoo  !  Sports reported . Intriguing developments regarding NFL Commissioner Roger Goodall's potential contract extension coming up on ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown . Bills OL Eric Wood calls Browns defenders classless after injury to EJ Manuel . Vikings DT Linval Joseph was an innocent bystander to shooting that took place Friday in Minneapolis . He was shot in calf . Appears to be OK . Broncos CB Dominique Rodgers Cromartie carted off field with leg injury . Colts realistically expect Andrew Luck to miss at least a month with lacerated kidney and abdominal muscle injury ,  per @Edwerderespn . Texans placed QB TJ Yates on IR and signed QB BJ Daniels off Seahawks practice squad . Mort showed me how it's done . RT @PittPhantoms @Adamschefter AWESOME Commercial  !  So Cleveland is restarting its HC search while Chip Kelly must decide whether to go to Philadelphia or remain at Oregon . Bucs are holding a team meeting this afternoon to discuss the entire MRSA issue and approach . As @JayGlazer reported ,  Falcons are releasing DE Ray Edwards . Tennessee's No . 2 overall pick ,  QB Marcus Mariota ,  is now NFL's only unsigned first round pick . Seattle Seahawks have agreed to terms with linebackers Leroy Hill and Matt McCoy ,  the team announced . Colts' starting QB Matt Hassebleck was in emergency room until 2 am Monday morning ,  dealing with a virus he's still feeling effects of . San Francisco 49ers announced Tom Gamble has been named senior personnel executive . Jaguars RB TJ Yeldon officially out today ,  per source . Jaguars RB Denard Robinson expected to start vs . Atlanta . Houston CB DJ Hayden worked out for teams today . Amongst those in attendance were Rex Ryan ,  the only HC in attendance . RT @coryrobb Did @ChrisJohnson28 just get 1 upped  ?   ...  As much as someone with 31 million gtd in his 53 million deal can be one upped . Hoping more Michigan grads can wear same message my college roommates and I did 3 weeks after M's last natl cship ...  Browns on Friday traded DL Billy Winn to Indianapolis for a conditional 2017 draft pick . Bears signed CB Tracy Porter to a one year contract . Bears GM Ryan Pace worked with Porter in New Orleans . Bears made it official ,  announcing they reached agreement with WR Brandon Marshall on a 3 year contract extension . Q . Confirmed Nnamdi to the Eagles . Done . Filed to ESPN Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger will meet with commissioner Roger Goodell in New York on Tuesday . Woweee ...  Atlanta RB Michael Turner and WR Julio Jones are both active . With Mike Wallace not close to deal ,  Steelers signed Antonio Brown   in last year of deal   to extension . Now can franchise Wallace next yr . Carson Wentz ,  Sam Bradford practice together today for the first time . What Dropbox chief executive Drew Houston recommends to new college graduates in today's @nytimes  . We are very encouraged by Brians progress ,  we believe that he has an excellent prognosis and we expect a full recovery ,  doctors reported . Nice to see @USAFootball working for a #BetterSaferGame for H.S . & youth players . To pledge  . Broncos willing to listen to offers for Brandon Marshall . But it will take player now and pick later ,  and there's nothing close right now . Aaron Hernandez had advanced stages of C.T.E. ,  per his attorney ...  Bengals OC Jay Gruden is interviewing today with Chargers ,  then scheduled to interview Monday with Eagles and Tuesday with Jaguars . Bill Belichick joins Chris Berman ,   Steve Young ,  Randy Moss on Countdown set after SB LI . Belichick at his best . Moments away from SportCenter hit   Bears LBs ,  Eagles and Panthers QBs ,  TMQB stuff . Dallas Cowboys are the leading contender to face Jaguars next year in London ,  per sources . An announcement could come as early as Thursday . One of the more incredible NFL endings in recent memory Eagles scored 28 points in the final 7 minutes . A potential explanation for why Cam Newton did not start tonight  . Cardinals deactivated QB Kevin Kolb ,  who still is recovering from a concussion . John Skelton starts for Arizona . Before camp begins ,  see Detroit Lions QB @Staff9 at ESPYS Golf     . Bears WR Alshon Jeffery also active . Surprisingly ,  Bears  have both starting WRs ,  despite signing two off practice squad Sat . Please send C'mon ,  man !  suggestions   specific goofy plays ,  not team criticism   to @Tunasweasel to play on Monday NFL Countdown . No great surprise ,  but Cowboys WR Dez Bryant is not expected to play Sunday vs 49ers ,  per source . Packers traded FB Quinn Johnson to Tennessee for an undisclosed draft pick ,  and G Caleb Schlauderaff to Jets for an undisclosed pick . Both Rams QBs ,  Shaun Hill and Austin Davis ,  are active . WR Tavon Austin is inactive . Bill Belichick told his players they will be watching Olympics as a group at 5 today when Nate Ebner ,  a reserve for US rugby team ,  competes . As fellow Heisman winners ,  Johnny Manziel and RGIII have formed a bond . Manziel said he's thankful to  have him as a resource.RT @Kevin1000000008  . Eddie Vedder singing ,  Imagine. Wow . That is all . Cardinals announced they have agreed to terms with S Yeremiah Bell and LB Lorenzo Alexander . More info on Colts QB Peyton Manning ,  who looks increasingly unlikely to play the opener against Houston .  There's one more veteran running back now available . Raiders released running back Justin Fargas on Saturday . Another offensive line injury for the Bills ,  the worst one yet   first round pick ,  guard Eric Wood ,  carted off the field with leg injury . RT @tennesseetitans The Tennessee #Titans and Jeff Fisher have agreed to part ways and Fisher will no longer be the head coach of the team . RT @TomPelissero My colleague @1500ESPNRoufsie reports it's a done deal   Vikings Bears will be played at TCF Bank Stadium on Monday . Pete Carroll said Colin Kaepernick and RG3 are backup QB options for Seahawks . RT @Bengals Bengals roster moves CB Adam Jones placed on season ending IR  neck  TE Daniel Coats waived TE J.P . Foschi re signed . After being scheduled to interview for Titans HC job Thurs ,  Saints DC Gregg Williams withdrew from consideration . Loyalty to Fisher ,  Saints . Fitting that the Chiefs retiring Derrick Thomas' number versus Broncos . He made a living absolutely crushing John Elway and Denver's hopes . The world champs are back to work two weeks from today . Steelers report July 31.A postcard from Bucs camp ,  and why Josh Freeman and Gerald McCoy think Tampa Bay will surprise this year .  Former Cardinals ,  Panthers and 49ers WR Ted Ginn has reached agreement again with the Carolina Panthers as @josephperson reported . Update to Vilma case Judge ordered he will hear Expedited Motion for Stay of All Discovery will rule on it next week  . Texans QB Matt Leinart will have his collarbone checked Monday in Houston but one source texted that all indications are it's broken.Worth noting Chargers owner Dean Spanos called Urban Meyer to talk Joey Bosa on Monday night ,  per source . They talked for over an hour . With 1,016 yards ,  Cedric Benson already has already earned a 500,000 incentive . He gets 250,000 more if he rushes for 84 yards Sunday . Bills QB Ryan Fitzpatrick is inactive and Buffalo's 3rd QB today . Titans TE Delanie Walker is inactive today . As it should be . RT @NYPostNFL According to AP officials ,  several voters have already voted Brian Cushing Defensive ROY a second time . Celebrating Labor Day by laboring . The latest on Peyton Manning on ESPN all day ,  starting with the 9 am Sportscenter . A great 30 for30 look back at the Cowboys fleecing the Vikings in exchange for Herschel Walker . Don't be surprised if Falcons make a power play and try to move up from 8 for a defensive stud . Talks have occurred . Packers signed third round pick ,  former Georgia Tech S Morgan Burnett ,  to a four year contract . If there is some bit of encouraging news on OT Jason Peters ,  Eagles do not believe he tore his ACL ,  per source . MRI this morning to see . Blake Bortles This Month                                     NFL RankW L                  3 0      T 1stYds per  . Rex Ryan named Matt Simms his starting QB   for Buffalo's preseason finale vs . Detroit . Happy 70th birthday to Da Coach   Ditka . Mike Ditka . Just shared with a few of us that it's his birthday . Big day . Panthers gave LB Luke Kuechly a five year ,  62 million deal ,  as @RandGetlin reported . A whopping 12.4 million per year average . NFL will speak with Jaguars and Seahawks about Sundays incident process already has begun . Philadelphia traded No . 146 to San Diego for No . 159 and a 5th round pick in 2011. Love those deals for future picks . #nfldraft . NFL VP of officiating Dean Blandino Crew erred on end zone call . So fired up for tonight's NFL Draft on ESPN and the new honorary hairstyle I'll be debuting ...  Jason Pierre Paul signed a four year deal that @JordanRaanan reports will pay him 62 million ,  including 40 million guaranteed . RT @ochocinco Congratulations 2 Hue Jackson for becoming thee Oakland Raiders new HC . Best receiver coach I've ever had #continuedsucces . Best NFL weekend of the year underway on ESPN with a two hour Sunday NFL Countdown . Don't care he broke the law   I feel terrible Plaxico Burress won't be there when his wife Tiffany gives birth to their baby girl in Nov . Teams with least room this am CAR 8 mil over cap NO 5.5 mil over WASH 3 mil over AZ 1.2 mil over OAK 800k over . RT @MikeReiss Randy Moss shut out at WR ,  where Andre Johnson ,  Reggie Wayne ,  Brandon Marshall and Welker get the four spots . ESPN unveils new Monday Night Football logo  via @ESPNFrontRow   . Jets now have released LB David Harris . United Way and Play 60 want to know how you Play 60.  Let them know by using the hashtag #howiplay60  . Tweets about Patrick Chung being 1st Chinese player drafted . Chung is Chinese  Jamaican . Wang is first full blooded ethnic Chinese player . B . Marshall ,  Roethlisberger ,  S . Holmes ,  S . Bradford ,  D . McNabb   and we haven't even got to B . Favre yet . Is NFL off season great or what  ?  Fantasy comparison today Bills WR Steve Johnson   31 points . Titans WR Randy Moss   0 points . Colts released quarterback Josh Johnson . Andrew Luck has to be ready for Patriots on Sunday night ,  right  ?  Giants announced that Mike Sullivan ,  who spent the previous six years tutoring th WRs ,  will now coach the teams quarterbacks . As valid as yesterdays's criticisms . RT @tomecurran BB on Panthers ripping Moss Lot of talk from a team that just lost another game . Bears confirmed C Hronnis Grasu tore his right ACL and is out for the season . Raiders plan to start Bruce Gradkowski at quarterback Sunday vs . the Dolphins ,  according to source close to situation . Texans officially placed J.J . Watt and Whitney Mercilus on injured reserve . Tom Izzo introduced at Midnight Madness as member of ... KISS.The Kevin Kolb Era is now underway in Philadelphia . Michigan HC Jim Harbaugh's message to Jameis Winston this past week Be serious about being serious. Winston took weight issues seriously . Veteran WR Anquan Boldin is signing with the Bills ,  as @PSchrags reported . Boldin played with Tyrod Taylor in Baltimore and likes him . Brian Cushing was suspended four games and has created doubters in him   that is his punishment . Losing an award shouldn't be tacked on . Colts waived G Robert Griffin   the other Robert Griffin .Madden NFL 25 has spoken . The Denver Broncos defeated the Seattle Seahawks 31 28 in the official EA SPORTS prediction of Super Bowl XLVIII . Tremendous morning on a tremendous hike to top of Camelback Mountain with @wingoz and Coach Herm . Vikings will start Matt Cassell vs Steelers on Sunday . Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski was absent from today's practice due to illness . Thanks  !  @FalconsJMoore @gtownthuggin @MoveTheSticks @jemelehill @JeffHaseley @NFLtweeter @jimrcummings @KenDavidoff @ToriThompson @MRJAY7 . RT @JaYNaaSSty Gut feeling . Does Harbaugh go to my niners  ?   ...  Would you take 7.5 mil per with no state inccome tax or 4.5 mil per year  ?  Seinfeld to Leno on being asked to be the 1st guest on his new show I mean ,  is your staff aware I haven't been on TV in 11 years ? Terrific read on Vikings LB E.J . Henderson and the titanium rod in his leg . Say this for the Browns Whoever takes over in Cleveland gets extra draft picks and some superb former Jets special teams players . MORT  !  Giants are encouraged about chances of having WRs ,  Odell Beckham Jr . and Rueben Randle ,  play tonight both WRs nursing hamstring injuries . Former Cardinals DT Darnell Dockett has scheduled a visit beginning tonight with the NFC West rival 49ers ,  per @Edwerderespn . The inevitable that Green Bay dreaded  . Seahawks HC Pete Carroll signed two of his former USC players as undrafted free agents OL Jeff Byers and CBJosh Pinkard . #nfldraft . Dominique Rodgers Cromartie ,  Walter Thurmond ,  Trindon Holliday in past 24 hours . Giants acting like they know the pressure is on ... As Chris Berman pointed out ,  going into tonight's game ,  neither the Giants nor Vikings have won this season in the United States . Jets WR Jeremy Kerley suspended without pay for the teams next four games for violating the NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . More veteran RB news to go along with Willie Parker and Justin Fargas Chiefs scheduled former Jets RB Thomas Jones to visit KC on Monday . Jets HC Rex Ryan to NY Daily News We're going into the game expecting to win . I'd be shocked if we don't . Absolutely would be.Isn't Peyton Manning playing QB enough  ?  RT @Raskell127 Can you please just makeup something positive to report about the Colts  ?  I stand on a milk crate for tv segments . This is Mort . Schefty made a mistake and went to ESPN Cafe with his Twitter account open . I overheard him on phone talking about a trade ... Honor was mine ,  Romo . Thanks . RT @billromanowski Let's follow my good friend ,  @AdamSchefter . He co wrote my book . Michael Sam is the model voice to speak out on this issue . As one NFL exec said today ,  This young man is courageous.RT @ericwinston Think you meant as he was going out of bounds. No penalty or fine .  ...  Fair point . Tweeted exactly what Colts released . Packers DT Letroy Guion has been suspended for the first four games of the 2017 season ,  per @FieldYates . Green Bay scheduled to open its title defense Thursday night Sept . 8 at home against New Orleans  assuming labor peace .Atlantas Vic Beasley Jr . named Week 6 NFLPA Community MVP for raising awareness and funds in fight against childhood cancer . Jaguars are non commital on RB Leonard Fournette ,  who is questionable with an ankle injury ,  per source . Want to test him pregame to see . Through 4 games ,  Houston's Arian Foster and Andre Johnson have combined for one touchdown JJ Watt has two . Brother in law sees Hangover ,  and my wife opts for Confessions of a Shopaholic on Pay Per View . All I can say I want my money back  !  Yuck . now . Giants announced they waivedfailed physical TE Jake Ballard and re signed DR Rocky Bernard . Lions announced they have re signed C Dominic Raiola to a one year contract . Patriots safety @NateEbner34 has become only NFL player selected to qualify for Rio Olympics and represent @usarugby per agent @seanstellato . For ninth time in 10 seasons ,  Patriots have won the AFC East . For what it's worth ,  hearing good things about Citadel WR Andre Roberts and how he has performed at the Senior Bowl in Mobile . Friday's 10 Spot Previewing Super Bowl XLIV ,  more on Brett Favre ,  Mark Sanchez and college coaching breeding ground . Bengals placed WR Marvin Jones on IR . It is true and tragic Marlins' P Jose Fernandez was killed this morning in a boating accident ,  Buster Olney confirmed . Fernandez was 24.More info on whether former Notre Dame coach Charlie Weis could return to the Patriots anytime soon . Waiting on latest fine or suspension . But Cowboys OT Flozell Adams already has been fined 25,000 this season for three different offenses . Andrew Luck will replace Tom Brady in the Pro Bowl . While Adrian Peterson trade came down ,  NFL said owners will consider a rule change that would require players to stand for national anthem . Bears signed P Richmond McGee to a two year contract today and placed DE Adewale Ogunleye on injured reserve . Julio Jones now has 300 receiving yards today . Look for 49ers HC Jim Harbaugh to bring Stanford's Vic Fangio with him as SF's new defensive coordinator . Have fun hosting Live With Kelly today ,  @ESPNGreeny . You're right   she is much more attractive than the person you normally work with . Headed to Justin Tuck's Celebrity Billiards event tonight in NYC . Guests include Eli Manning ,  Josh Howard ,  Kelly Rowland ,  Osi Umenyiora .  . Former Eagles C Jamaal Jackson ,  trying out for Giants ,  retired . Just said ,  'Coach ,  I don't feel like my heart is in it , '  T . Coughlin said . Lynyrd Skynyrd singer says hometown Jaguars dropped ball on Tim Tebow . So Andrew Luck goes 1 ,  RG3 goes 2 ... and the Minnesota Vikings are on the clock . And with Browns 2nd rd pick of DeShone Kizer ,  that's now a wrap on any thought of landing Jimmy Garappolo or A.J . McCarron this off season . Jared Allen's agent ,  Ken Harris ,  texted his client will consider Seahawks offer along with the others ,  and make a decision this weekend.Bingo RT @FieldYates The Patriots have signed veteran WR Austin Collie ,  according to a league source . And as @Edwerderespn reports ,  Tim Tebow suffered two fractured ribs two Sundays ago against Seattle . RT @Bonesaw Brady getting his Tebow on  ?  Our man Jeremy Jarmon now under contract to Redskins . Done deal . Falcons ruled out RB Tevin Coleman . Devonta Freeman up as starter . Arizona and former Dolphins K reached agreement on 1 year deal . Carpenter took current Cardinals K Jay Feely's job in Miami . Philadelphia Perfection RT @AndrewSiciliano Halladay is perfect . Phillies beat Marlins 1 0.49ers indefinitely lost FB Bruce Miller to a scapula injury . 49ers bringing in former Jim Harbaugh's former Stanford FB Owen Marecic . Former 49ers LB NaVorro Bowman is signing a one year ,  3 million deal with the Raiders ,  per sources . Jags DB Reggie Nelson was fined 7,500 for hitting Jets QB Mark Sanchez in the head . A great 24 hours of eating in Ann Arbor yesterday Zingermans ,  right now Angelos for breakfast . Next tailgate . Jealous ,  @richeisen  ?  Bill Cowher not in Buffalo today . He was ,  according to source ,  walking his dog this morning . Cowher still unlikely to coach in 2010.RT @MikeReiss Of all personnel decisions Belichick has made ,  1 he regrets most will be on Bears sideline Sunday  . So it's Jared Allen as a Seahawk ,  per Ed Werder ,  and Devin Hester as a Falcon . Quite a non hoops afternoon . In his past four games ,  Cowboys QB Tony Romo has 8 TD passes ,  0 Int ,  0 fumbles and has thrown for over 300 yards in three of the four . Yesterday's oddity on a team with Fitzgerald and Boldin ,  Cardinals RB Tim Hightower led all receivers with 12 receptions for 121 yards . Bengals ruled out Tyler Eifert for Saturday vs Houston AJ Green questionable . Patriots Super Bowl odds up to 39.6% ,  Falcons are second at 32.9% ,  Packers third at 14.9% and Steelers fourth at 12.6% ,  per @numberFire . Washington OT Chris Samuels scheduled to visit neck specialist in LA this week . Visit will help determine if he can play again or retire . RT @incredibleanth You must have some contacts @ Michigan . Possibly @DaveBrandonAD  ?  Tell him Michigan fans want @JimHarbaugh .  ...  Agreed . With their third touchdown of the first quarter ,  the Browns offense now leads the Saints defense in touchdowns this season ,  8 7.On the eve of a new season ,  a compilation of Super Bowl and MVP picks from ESPN's team of prognosticators . Dead on RT @miklasz Rams' price for Bradford is high . Will take a lot to get their No . 1 overall . They don't anticipate anything happening . If and when DL Malik Jackson does sign with Jacksonville ,  deal expected to come in at about 15 million per season ,  per source . Jeff might be on to something here . RT @istoleurundies @AdamSchefter lmao . we have ocho ocnn and Asnn . For now ,  the list of teams with a potential interest in Jay Cutler starts with ... the New York Jets . Text early this morning reports William Corby ,  the missing 4th grader in Kirkland ,  WA. ,  was found at a friend's home . Thankfully . No ,  Jets fans ,  Kevin O'Connell's arrival does not mean this is Kellen Clemens' departure . Not at all . Case for 'uncommon' Deshaun Watson as Texans' starting QB . Eagles announced they released TE James Casey . And to add on to the imagined Cleveland scenario ,  how's this  ?  It would match Vick with the Dawg Pound . So JCU produced Tim Russert ,  Don Shula ,  London Fletcher ,  Josh McDaniels ,  Nick Caserio   were the professors Socrates and Aristotle  ?  Another classic NY Post front page ...  49ers acquired WR Rod Streater and an undisclosed draft pick from Chiefs in exchange for an undisclosed draft ...  CB Phil Buchanon signed a one year deal with the Redskins for 1.5 million ,  plus 750,000 in additional incentives . Latest developments on Vikings RB Adrian Peterson   and there are plenty   from me and @mortreport . Can't sleep ,  so off to Bristol for day . Some 9 am Sportscenter some NFL Live with @MrMichaelSmith and @marcelluswiley . Some fun . Some details Former Bears C Olin Kruetz and the Saints reached agreement on a one year deal . Kruetz takes Ditka route from Chicago to NO . Who would have thought that of the Chip Kelly ,  Bill O'Brien and Doug Marrone trio ,  Marrone would be the only one to wind up as an NFL HC  ?  Attention ,  Philadelphia . Eagles have three of the next five picks . #nfldraft . Former Saints OT Jermon Bushrod reached agreement with Bears . When wildfires swept through SD ,  and Chargers Dolphins was moved to Tempe ,  Az. ,  those tickets given away for free . Same could happen here . Mark Sanchez's 48.4 completion percentage is the lowest through five games  min . 100 attempts  since JaMarcus Russell's 42.1 in 2009.To extend NaVorro Bowman's contract ,  49ers first had to restructure contracts of TE Vernon Davis ,  DT Ray McDonald and CB Carlos Rogers . PART 2 Mike Shanahan's Raiders team beat San Diego's Babe Laufenberg in week one in 1988 ,  and lost to Houston's Cody Carlson in week two . Steelers WR Martavis Bryant was not activated on to Pittsburghs 53 man roster and is not eligible to play tonight vs . Chargers . Former Falcons WR Roddy White announced he is officially retiring from the NFL . New time for a championship Sunday NFL Countdown today 1 to 3 pm ,  right up to kickoff of Packers Bears . Former Steelers RB Isaac Redman announced today that ,  due to a neck injury ,  he is retiring from the NFL.Tennessee finalizing deal for Eagles RB DeMarco Murray ,  league sources tell ESPN . Trade expected to be complete for new league year Weds . NFLPA approves deal . Done . WR Jeremy Maclin  hamstring  has been downgraded from probable to questionable for Sunday's game at Miami . From the man himself ...  RT @DeseanJackson10 ITS GOIN DOWN  !  BURGUNDY & GOLD  . Buccaneers officially released K Kyle Brindza ,  who had missed 7 kicks the past two weeks . Even better for Miles Austin his deal looks to be closer to a six year ,  57 million package . Riddle me this why would OSU QB Cardale Jones be having a press conference at his High School if he were returning to school  ?  Giants expected to sign former Jets QB Geno Smith ,  per @JordanRaanan and me . Smith and Brandon Marshall teammates again . Seahawks reached agreement with former Texans guard Chester Pitts . For first time since 1998 ,  @RyanDLeaf is at combine ,  mentoring the young QBs in this year's draft class . It's rewarding ,  Leaf says . Misery knows no borders for devoted Browns fans across globe . 49ers . Heading over to Enshrinees Dinner at Civic Center ,  where this year's inductees are given their gold jackets . Praying my ubertwitter works . Bills announced that a legend and icon ,  Ralph Wilson ,  has passed away . The What I've Learned pieces from Cal Fussman in Esquire are my favorite reading material . Here's one ...  Official announcement  . Panthers LB Luke Kuechly avoided concussion vs . Eagles ,  per sources.More on ESPNs Sunday NFL Countdown ...  New Cleveland WR Nate Burleson is a solid pickup for Browns . Can help on field and be veteran leader off it . And that's Chase Daniel   not Daniels   whose future is now very much up in air . One more QB available . No official cut yet on Seahawks RB Julius Jones ,  but am told it is imminent. Team decided today to release him ,  but not done yet . And the Bills make their call . RT @espnnfl Chan Gailey picks rookie C.J . Spiller as Buffalo Bills' starting RB   . Lions scheduling GM interview w Seahawks co director of player personnel Trent Kirchner ,  per league sources . Interviewed with Jets last yr . Set your DVR RT @BobLeyESPN OTL 9am ET   Who IS Ben Roethlisberger  ?  Why did he have bodyguards  ?  And the team mtg when he was called out . NFL announced it will hold hearings for Vilma ,  Fujita ,  Smith and Hargrove on Oct . 30 at a place determined by Paul Tagliabue . Matt Cassel to start at QB for Vikings vs . Eagles . Rams official on withholding trade until today Kobe deserved his night . There was no reason for this trade to be announced on his night.Panthers locking up players to long term deals . New deals this year for Cam Newton ,  Greg Olsen ,  Thomas Davis ,  with Luke Kuechly on deck . 1st rd picks on Koren Robinson and Deion Branch . RT @TheSteven777 @AdamSchefter When will Seattle actually draft a top receiver for once  ?  Update on Steelers LB Ryan Shazier from Dr . David Okonkwo  UPMC  and Dr . Joseph Cheng  UCMC . With their top pick in the 2017 draft ,  No . 83 in round 3 ,  the Patriots select Youngstown DELB Derek Rivers . NE also trading into No . 85.From Monday to Friday this week ,  to honor George Steinbrenner ,  TBS will re air 10 Seinfeld episodes that starred the late Yankees owner . RT @mortreport Bucs reach deal w Jeff Tedford as OC . SourceChiefs director of personnel Chris Ballard is leading candidate as next Bucs GM . Some interesting words from Mike Shanahan and the Oakland Raiders from the fine NFL columnist Thomas George . Bears could trade Jay Cutler after this season and actually save 12.5 million against their cap . Other teams will have interest in Cutler . With Denver set to release Champ Bailey ,  Broncos will have only two CBs   counting a combined 1.3 million against the cap   under contract . Jets claimed FB Jason Davis  Bears  ,  TE Matthew Mulligan  Titans  and P A.J . Trapasso  Titans  off waivers . Patriots DT Alan Branch is being suspended four games for violating drug policy ,  sources tell ESPN . Tested positive for marijuana . Appealing . At No . 130 ,  Cardinals take Wisconsin LB O'Brien Schofield ,  who would have gone a lot higher were it not for knee injury . #nfldraft . Sat 430 PM  ET  CINC at HOUS  NBC  800 PM  ET  MINN at GB  NBC . Sun 100 PM  ET  ,  INDY at BALT  CBS  ,  430 PM  ET  SEA at WASDAL . This Monday night game has gone on so long ,  it feels like the Giants Panthers are about to kick off . Breaking just for the fun of it Monta Ellis traded to Bucks ,  Stephen Jackson to Warriors . Just because . Cardinals' RB Chris Johnson missed Saturday's game with a pulled hamstring that could sideline him about two weeks . Looking ahead to Thursday ,  it has been 35 years since road team won Game 7 in NBA Finals  Bullets beat SuperSonics in 1978 .A primer for today  . Rams QB Marc Bulger will miss three to six weeks after suffering a tibial plateau fracture in his left leg ,  the team announced today . Steelers C Maurkice Pouncey signed a 5 year ,  44M extension ,  as @ProFootballTalk reported ,  making him highest paid center in NFL . Ed Werder on Brett Favre's  limited  recruitment of L.T . Rob Gronkowski looks like he's ready to do some TD dances this season ,  via @NFLRealUpdates  . Fact of day Chicago long snapper Patrick Mannelly will set Bears all time record tonight by playing in his franchise record 192nd game . RT @GabeYoungHawks Who's winning the NFC west . GO HAWKS .  ...  We'll see if I'm right . But Sam Bradford is the division's best QB . By far . Seahawks have been talking with former Broncos HC Josh McDaniels since Monday . Interesting . Von Miller sending major message with his newest Instagram post  . Condolences to the family and friends of former Michigan and Broncos RB Rob Lytle ,  who died Saturday at the age of 56.Might be something or nothing . Bears LB Hunter Hillenmeyer lost season due to concussion issues . Was an NFLPA rep . Present during mediation . Colin Kaepernick joins Oakland high school football team's protest . Interrupt soccer for this Dallas traded 6th rd pick for LB Rolando McClain and Baltimore's 7th rd pick ,  per source . McClain wants to play . 49ers are retiring Jerry Rices No . 80 jersey at their home opener against defending Super Bowl champion New Orleans Saints on Monday . Story wasn't what many thought . RT @espnnfl Prosecutors won't charge Junior Seau with domestic violence  . Raiders RB Latavius Murray is scheduled to meet Monday with Jaguars and Tuesday with Seahawks per source . Former Raiders Pro Bowl FB Marcel Reece is signing with the Seahawks ,  per source . And Steelers CB Cortez Allen has a new five year ,  26 million deal . Patriots worked out QBs TJ Yates and Sean Renfree today but did not make a move with either ,  per sources . Bills free agent RB C.J . Spiller is scheduled to meet Thursday in New Orleans with Saints ,  per league source . How much Zeke has meant to Dak  . I'd feel bad for anyone missing the birth of their child RT @instantremedy Would u feel as bad if he was a random guy instead of a player  ?  RT @jetsboyee any truth 2 the rumor the jets n revis r close 2 a deal  ?   ...  In my opinion ,  no . Not true . A deal by Weds would surprise me . Stat of night . RT @ByMMartinez WR Michael Crabtree has been in NFL for 3 seasons and has never played a preseason game . That's consistency . RT @DustinSchaefer What about Brandon Lloyd for Comeback Player of Year  !  ?   ...  Being that Vick played last yr ,  Lloyd might be better choice . At halftime ,  Texans quarterback Matt Schaub has thrown for a preposterous 336 yards . Rams' HC Jeff Fisher on if he anticipates Todd Gurley playing on opening day Dont know . Dont know . Were going to bring him along slow.Broncos placed LB Darrell Reid and DL Jamal Williams on physically unable to perform list and OT Ryan Clady on non football injury list . Black Monday this year is not going to be as black as usual . 2011 hangs over the league now and creeps closer every day . Jaguars former first round pick WR Justin Blackmon is being suspended four games by the NFL ,  per league sources . More on NFL Live now . There are still issues to address   workman's comp ,  free agency rules ,  legal procedures   but a deal hasn't been any closer than now . Dolphins owner Stephen Ross announced today that Dan Marino has been named special advisor . Baltimore Ravens have placed CB Domonique Foxworth on Injured Reserve and signed LB Prescott Burgess to their 53 man roster . On ride to Baltimore ,  drove past Walter Reed Medical Ctr ,  which made me think of debt we owe our troops . Browns OC Kyle Shanahan said QBs Johnny Manziel and RG3 are very similar  . World Cup over  salute to Spain . LeBronathon wrapped  condolences to Cleveland . And now ... I smell training camp . #KnowThemFromAdamChiefs HC Andy Reid on facing Philadelphia ,  and Miami WR Kenny Stills on displaced Dolphins . Superb assessment of Ray Rice situation . RT @powellnyt What Were They Thinking  ?  Ugly Video ,  Blind Justice  . Me and the men of Atlanta ...  RT @DilbertWhite What is Darren McFadden's status for Sunday's game  ?   ...  Not expected to play Sunday . Chiefs owner Clark Hunt will join today's labor mediation in Washington DC . Before zeroing in on Sage Rosenfels ,  Dolphins looked at a who's who of QBs Kellen Clemens ,  JP Losman ,  Jim Sorgi and Charlie Frye . NFL has hired a new head of officiating ,  Alberto Riveron ,  per memo . RT @mortreport Lot of teams were in Wimbley derby   think Browns got a 3rd round pick and Raiders' 3rd obviously higher than others . RT @wingoz @SIPeterKing and on Tedy Bruschi's reccomendation ,  saw Black Swan. Also tremendous  ...  Pass . After Saints released him earlier this month ,  veteran OL Khalif Barnes is visiting with team again ,  per source . Cowboys signed LB Orie Lemon off Cardinals' practice squad and to their active roster . Latest evidence that sometimes this league is impossible to figure Joe Webb is starting this week ,  Donovan McNabb is not . Steelers traded WR Sammie Coates to Cleveland ,  per source . Enough labor madness . Please read story of Kim Hill ,  daughter of a former Eagles TE ,  and her impact on this world . Stanley Jean Baptiste ,  the Saints 2014 second round pick ,  tried out for Steelers today . NFL RT @gregaiello Today's ruling will have no effect on our efforts to negotiate a new ,  balanced labor agreement. End of statement . Bears cut ,  amongst others ,  RB Chester Taylor ,  TE Desmond Clark and DT Marcus Harrison . The picture of the week   must see RT @prosb4hos Wow ,  did you see this  !  ?  Favre's anklehamstring after last game  . A little ray of light after all of Friday's darkness Daylight Saving Time starts Sunday . #Springahead . A star is born . RT @jackthejoekr If you signed w ESPN to cover football and it moved you to Golf would you suck it up  ?   ...  I'd be after Tom Rinaldi's job . Please join to suppo . Ron Rivera compared Odell Beckham Jr . to Jerry Rice I've had the great fortune of watching Jerry Rice ,  and man ,  I see a lot of flashes.My first day of work at ESPN came one year ago today . The first call that came in that day  ?  Favre coming back . Happy anniversary ,  Brett . RT @kevhooker Whats gonna get higher ratings on christmas 2011 nba ,  or week 16 of the nfl  ?   ...  It's like Panthers vs . Steelers . Very well said ...  RT @McCourtyTwins Black ,  White ,  Asian ,  Hispanic ,  Gay ,  Straight ,  Tall ,  Short ,  Fat ,  Skinny ...  In  . NFL is expected to suspend Redskins S Brandon Meriweather for one to two games ,  per league source . The exact ...  Ravens inactives include TE Todd Heap ,  WRKR David Reed ,  S Tom Zibikowski . ESPN's Calvin Watkins reports the Bobby Carpenter Alex Barron deal now expected to go down Monday ,  after each takes a physical . Like I said ,  sometimes on Sunday mornings ,  I feel like I have to get a lot off my chest . Evacuating wife ,  two kids and our five   that's right ,  five   dogs . Feels like I'm in charge of Noah's Ark . DeAngelo Hall   4 picks . Seattle without 2nd round picks in next two drafts 2018 for Sheldon Richardson and 2019 for Duane Brown . Starting to be that time ...  Dolphins WR Brandon Marshall  hamstring  has been downgraded to out for Sundays game vs . Oakland Raiders . Filed to ESPN Redskins and former Eagles WR DeSean Jackson are expected to reach agreement Tuesy night on multi year contract ,  per sources . RT @TheBrizz As in Wade may not finish the season  ?   ...  He may not finish the day . Browns LT Joe Thomas faces a six to nine month recovery for torn triceps ,  allowing him time to decide whether he wants to continue playing . USC coach Pete Carroll never has held back coaches from going to NFL . Bates and Cutler would be logical marriage next season in Chicago . And the reason the Jets got Santonio Holmes on sale from Pittsburgh is because is facing a four game suspension this year . Matt Leinart is signing with the Bills . Of course . RT @giantspathanlon Fitting in with the theme of this weekend , #NYG had a false fire alarm at team hotel here in KC this morning . QB Matthew Stafford has second degree separated shoulder planning to visit Dr . James Andrews as early as this week . Out this week at least . With QB Marcus Mariota banged up ,  Titans planning to sign free agent QB Brandon Weeden ,  per @FieldYates . Bills announced that LB Shawne Merriman  Achilles  will not travel to New Jersey . He is OUT for tomorrows game against the Giants . Seattle has agreed to trade QB Tarvaris Jackson  to Buffalo for a draft pick ,  but Bills and Jackson still trying to finalize new contract . Roger Goodells extension expected to be completed at or before Dec . owners meeting in Dallas ,  per sources ...  starts . RT @sacku somewhere Bubby Brister is cracking a beer and celebrating Ortons performance . Sounds like Denver is serious on RB Brian Westbrook ,  who suddenly has options with the Broncos ,  Redskins ,  Rams and who knows who else . Saints will have seven days to match Mike Bell's offer sheet or lose his services to the Eagles . NFL says James Harrison ,  Clay Matthews ,  Julius Peopers ,  Mike Neal have till Aug . 25 to give interviews on PEDs   or face Aug . 26 suspension . A fitting sports' front from the Pittsburgh Post Gazette  . Saints asst coach Joe Vitt also suspended six games and fined 100,000.Bucs rookie RB Charles Sims could miss half season with ankle surgery now could be good IR designated to return player . The plain simple truth on Flacco's injury and the pain he played through .  Colts released ,  amongst others ,  QB Dan Orlovsky and WR Taj Smith  WaivedInjured  and activated WR Blair White from PUP list . Broncos free agent CB Tracy Porter visited the Saints on Monday . #KnowThemFromAdamQB Patrick Mahomes II ,  WR Corey Davis and RB Dalvin Cook talk about pre draft visits ...  And so it is . Bills HC Rex Ryan now will get to coach the first two QBs drafted in 2013 ,  EJ Manuel at No . 16 ,  Geno Smith at No . 39.Julius Peppers back to Carolina . Daunte Culpepper starting at QB today for the Lions ,  with Drew Stanton as Detroit's No . 2 QB . Rams signed WR Jordan Kent to fill the roster spot created when WR Keenan Burton was placed on the reserveinjured list on Monday . Cowboys officially listing WR Dez Bryant as doubtful for Sunday's game vs . Giants . Broncos linebacker Von Miller went from answering questions to asking them at media day . Well done ,  Peter . Cardinals announced that former Jets and Lions DC Donnie Henderson has been named their defensive backs coach . Oakland also trying to finalize a trade that would send Carson Palmer to Arizona for one late pick . Palmer would restructure contract in AZ . Auburn QB Cam Newton said tonight at Davey O'Brien Award ceremony that he will be a full participant at this week's combine . Good move . latte . About this time ...  RT @bhofheimerespn NFLPA Executive Director DeMaurice Smith on ESPN Radio's Mike&Mike coming up at 741 am ET . Tests on a valve in Broncos head coach John Fox's heart were conducted today and will continue Sunday to determine if he needs surgery . No Adrian Peterson tonight ,  and probably rest of summer . Peterson's last preseason carry came vs . Dallas on Aug . 27 2011.RT @allenjs20 so faneca is getting his 5.25mil from jets and his 2.5 mil from cardinals  ?   ...  Plus a 118,000 bonus from NY   7.9 mil . One other note on Pro Bowl guard Alan Faneca's 2.5 million deal with Arizona   it's fully guaranteed . You tweet to win the game  !  RT @tunasweasel let's say HELLO  !  to @HermEdwardsESPN who has just joined Twitter . This will be fun . Bills picked up 5th year option for 2015 on former first round pick Marcell Dareus ,  per source . Seahawks have reached agreement with defensive tackle Kevin Williams on a one year contract ,  per @Edwerderespn . RT @TheJoeK dwindling is being nice . Really nice .  ...  No need to rub it in . Jets requested HC interviews with Cards DC Todd Bowles ,  SEA asst HC Tom Cable ,  BALT OC Gary Kubiak ,  SD OC Frank Reich ,  SEA DC Dan Quinn . Browns re named DeShone Kizer their starting QB for Sunday vs Titans . So @criscarter80 said on Sunday NFL Countdown that Raiders DE Khalil Mack reminds him of a young Derrick Thomas.Mike Tomlin said Steelers' C Maurkice Pouncey needs ankle surgery but did not say how long he could be sidelined . Falcons' WR Julio Jones now battling turf toe and LT Jake Matthews has a sprained left knee . Giants never wavered keeping WR Hakeem Nicks . Well ,  that didn't last long . Saints waived veteran CB Chris McAlister ,  who they recently brought in ,  and signed CB MarcusMcCauley . Two teams said they considered hiring Chan Gailey last year ,  but questioned sizzle factor with fans . Great coach ,  but not popular w fans . Cardinals signed former Dolphins S and special teams ace ,   Jonathon Amaya . RT @JayPolzer Orton's jersey is on sale for 20 at broncos team store . Maybe it's true  ...  Might be . Just passing on what's passed to me . RT @DarinAwad1 Giants going after any serious LB's  ?   ...  Have expressed at least some interest in Bengals LB Rey Maualuga . Lost in all the Colts activity was the fact that Pro Bowl S Bob Sanders did not go on PUP list ,  meaning team expects him back sometime soon . An extended postcard from Berea ,  Ohio and the Cleveland Browns training camp .  Agents for Buccaneers RB Doug Marin have been told Tampa is not picking up 5th year option in his contract ,  per league source . Broncos will start Mark Sanchez in preseason opener with Trevor Siemian scheduled to play 2nd quarter and Paxton Lynch 2nd half . Have fun ,  @ChrisBroussard RT @espn After failing to reach new agreement ,  NBA joins NFL and declares lock out status . Braylon Edwards' mystery injury is an ankle ,  and it certainly doesn't seem like any big deal ,  even if he's not practicing . Keep your hats on ,  players . RT @davidclowney Got a little to hype , .. Took my helment off after a TD ... 5k fine . QB Tim Tebow has signed a shoe and apparel deal with Nike paying him just under 300,000 per year ,  with incentives to add more . Friday's 10 Spot Crucial week for Saints ,  Colts   and '72 Fins   . Less money for Nnamdi Cowboys reached agreement with Marcus Spears on a 5 year ,  19.2 million deal . Bovada online sports book has put a line on whether Jim Schwartz and Jim Harbaugh will hug or shake hands after Lions   . Though 3 of 4 wild card games this weekend faced blackouts ,  all sold out . Last blacked out playoff game was Ravens at Dolphins in 2002.Browns announced they released WR Davone Bess . WR Anquan Boldin has expressed interest in playing again and Bills have given his agent permission to shop him ,  per  . RT @OGOchocinco I see you on TV ,  call the national guard now Adam ,  please ,  Peanut Tillman is gonna need all the help he can get  !  Hurry . ICYMI ,  Cowboys free agent RB Felix Jones tried out for Bengals on Monday . RT @MikeReiss Analysis from the Patriots' one year agreement with Derrick Burgess  . If you want to accuse me of being a Rodney stooge ,  maybe I'm guilty . But not guilty of being a Pats stooge or a stooge of any team . Clearing out more salary cap space ,  the Raiders released veteran cornerback Chris Johnson . No Stanford Routt ,  no Chris Johnson . At No . 188 ,  Steelers drafted Georgia Tech RB Jonathan Dwyer . #nfldraft . Pats will take a TE #nfldraft . Buffalo claimed WR Leonard Hankerson off waivers from New England ,  per source . Hankerson gone from Falcons to Pats to Bills . Tyrann Mathieu surprises Arizona families for the holidays with gifts ,  more . RT @Charlieh81 wheres ur in depth tweets like this @mortreport  . OK ,  so Lovie Smith said Jay Cutler has a sprained MCL ,  which is a torn MCL . Now everyone can make their judgements . Seattle traded last pick of first round to Minnesota . Get ready for a quarterback . Eagles confirm reports that Jeremy Maclin tore ACL in right knee during today's practice . Brutal . Giants announced Ahmad Bradshaw ,  Hakeem Nicks and David Baas did not travel with the team and will not play Sunday . Up and Adam . Off to a 6 am spinning class . Getting it in early today bc it's a busy day with radio and family . Some fun behind the scenes ESPN pictures from @ESPNFrontRow . Sunday's Championship game losers New England ,  San Francisco and Cleveland ,  who wait for Broncos OC Adam Gase and Seahawks DC Dan Quinn . Like the Giants' chances this year . Lots of playmakers . No truth to the rumor that Jets HC Rex Ryan now will bring in Mariano Rivera to talk to N.Y . QB Kellen Clemens about being a reliever . Seahawks signed CB Ron Parker off Carolina's practice squad ,  signed CB DeShawn Shead off their practice squad to active roster . The Bennett Brothers vs . Everyone ,  via @minakimes . NFL commissioner Roger Goodell lifted the suspension of Chargers safety Steve Gregory . Chargers granted roster exemption for him . Marcel Dareus' deal includes 60 million in guaranteed money ,  highest guarantee for a non QB in NFL history . Dareus suspended week 1 ,  too . Official statement from the Chiefs on their new GM ,  the man many around the league expected to get the job  . A busy day of roster moves is underway Cowboys are trading for Dolphins center Ryan Cook . Dallas filling a major need . Big fan of his ,  too . Big . Philly never has appreciated him as much as it should . RT @HBBarb @AdamSchefter What about Donovan McNabb  ?  So in one day ,  Ravens have added two former Colts ,  TE Dallas Clark and WR Brandon Stokely ,  and gotten better on O . Good news for the Redskins . RT @LFletcher59 Redskins fans your captain is back  !  #HTTR #Resign59 . RT @evansilva With Matt Moore signed ,  top FA QBs 1. J . Campbell 2. D . Garrard 3. C . Daniel 4. Drew Stanton 5. Josh Johnson 6. Vince Young . Tony McDaniel has agreed to terms on a 1 year deal with the Seahawks . Bill Belichick and why Patriots are prepared for Andrew Luck ,  Matthew Hasselbeck or anyone else Sunday night  . RT @mortreport Titans DC Chuck Cecil fined 20,000 by league for verbally abusing assistant coaches ... uh ,  game officials . RT @weekapaug009  is Todd McShay on twitter  ?   ...  Sure is . @McShay13 . Salary cap projected to rise to about 133 million this year ,   expected to break 140 million next year and 150 million by 2016 ,  per source . Patriots offensive assistant Josh McDaniels will be upstairs in New England's coaching booth for tonight's game vs his former team . Eagles released CB Joselio Hanson ,  LB Keenan Clayton ,  WR Marvin McNutt . Rams clinch first NFC West title since 2003.For Marshawn Lynch ,  Seattle surrendered a 4th round pick this year and conditional pick in 2012.Shooting one of this year's ESPN commercials in Brooklyn . Check out these costumes ...  Investigation reviewed 18.000 documents totaling more than 50,000 pages . Commissioner Goodell will determine the discipline . The Return of Mort ,  via @bryancurtis . Denver and Philadelphia agreed to a trade Broncos trade RB J.J . Arrington to Eagles for LB Joe Mays . Panthers QB Cam Newton returned to practice Wednesday   on track to start Sunday . Saints are giving former Bills S Jairus Byrd a six year ,  54 million contract ,  including 28 million guaranteed ,  per source . Tim Tebow trade now is expected to come down to either Jaguars or Jets . Jaguars making play to get the player they failed to land earlier . Here ,  here . RT @calvinwatkins Tired of Vick talk . Just tired of it . Favre too . It's good to talk about the other guys who will be playing . Hard not to think back to last fall when ,  at work ,  upon being asked ,  Magic Johnson predicted LeBron James would be a NY Knick next fall . Shane Suisham beats out Dave Rayner for Redskins kicking job . Also ,  Redskins release vet WR DJ Hackett . RT @toast488 you mean sign right  ?   ...  Sign ,  sing ,  same thing . Well ,  that didn't take long . Chris Bosh already has received presentations from Houston ,  Toronto ,  Chicago ,  Miami   with more to come today . Rams DT Aaron Donald's holdout is threatening to last into the regular season ,  per league sources . One source ...  After releasing RB CJ Spiller to promote RB Akeem Hunt on Saturday ,  the Chiefs' RBs heading into today include Kareem Hunt and Akeem Hunt . Drew Brees threw for 313 yards and four touchdowns . In the first half . On this Veterans Day ,  a simple thank you to all veterans who have given so much for us to enjoy the freedom we do . To make room for C Kyle Cook ,  Bengals waived WR Armon Binns ,  a first year player from the University of Cincinnati . This has to be a joke . @ChrisBroussard Knicks Prez Donnie Walsh told me that Isiah Thomas will be among Knicks GM candidates if they hire . RT @kaydubya215 Do you think by mid week  ?   ...  Possible ,  but I think we've all seen how difficult this has been and will be . NFL could modify Saints' loss of 2013 2nd rd pick . But Saints still will lose at least one pick ,  just maybe a less valuable pick or picks . MRI showed Bills WR Kelvin Benjamin did not tear his ACL ,  per source . Could miss a little time but not considered long term injury . Sad day . RIP ,  Barrel Man . TRT @ProLinkSports RT @MileHighSports Tim McKernan ,  the Barrel Man ,  dies .  You will be missed Tim . Please insert punchline Stealing a page from @jimcramer's playbook and addressing @twitter at its NYC offices today ... Now this Cardinals LB Daryl Washington is being accused of being involved in a domestic violence incident . Broncos released RB Willis McGahee . Jon Gruden on Monday Night Countdown The only team I'm coaching next year is my 13 year old son's flag football team.The day we've waited for longer than the NFL draft Kim and Kanye's wedding . Vikings WR Percy Harvin is active ,  and it would be a surprise if he were not really active with RB Adrian Peterson inactive . I'm stuck inside working in a windowless room but @judybattista just informed me the sun came out . Baseball and Pat Hanlon are smiling . Texans are placing JJ Watt on injured reserve on Wednesday and resigning DE Antonio Smith ,  per league sources . Titans offfensive quality control coach Charles London is expected to join Bill O'Brien and go to Penn St as the running backs coach . Cowboys QB Tony Romo has been ruled out the rest of the season due to his back injury ,  per league source . NFL rules would prohibit Ezekiel Elliott from sporting his mid riff look ...  The Courtyard #SuiteSB50Contest finalists are competing for ultimate Super Bowl prize your votes determine winner  . More inactives today Bucs RB LeGarrette Blount and C Jeff Faine Seahawks QB Tarvaris Jackson and TE Zach Miller . Aaron Rodgers hurt and out of game . Anyone flying Delta on the East Coast today is out of luck . A computer glitch has cancelled or delayed most flights   with ripple effects . Redskins announced they have placed the franchise tag on linebacker Brian Orakpo . Vikings officially signed former Georgia RB Caleb King ,  who went unselected in Monday's supplemental draft . Suspended New Orleans coach Sean Payton can't have contact with anyone on the Saints or in the NFL during his suspension . Buccaneers are signing former Ravens LB Daryl Smith ,  per source . Some teams talk about doing it . The Ravens actually do it . They let the market come to them . Each time I see @ChrisBroussard at ESPN ,  I try to tell him what it's like to report on a sport that goes away . Basketball's next . Saints HC Sean Payton said WR Marques Colston was limited at practice Friday and is questionable for Sunday vs . Jaguars . So like 49ers to take Clemson G Brandon Thomas ,  who needs time to heal from torn ACL but can be superb . And Dallas gets a safety RT @ESPNDallas Cowboys sign safety Abram Elam to one year deal worth 2.5 million    . Five of Bears returner Devin Hester's NFL record 16 punt and kick return TDs have taken place on Monday Night Football games . GLADD after LJ because because of this  . Steelers WR Antonio Brown restructured his contract and freed up 4 million worth of cap space for Pittsburgh ,  per league source . i say we put Brad Childress and Brett Favre in a room and ,  you know ,  see what happens . And @JonVilma51 talks to Jon Gruden about Commissioner Roger Goodell and the bounty scandal .  #KnowThemFromAdamDeAngelo Williams rejoins podcast to reveal which 4 teams he refuses to play for  whyLISTEN  . Julio Jones has 70 catches this season ,  more than the WRs on the Bucs ,  Titans ,  Cowboys ,  Panthers and Rams combined . Eli and Giants in agreement on money but remain hung up on specific contract language they hope to resolve by this weekend per @mortreport . RT @sportswatch Is Coughlin allowed to send Eli a baby gift during lockout  ?   ...  To be safe ,  better have his wife Judy do it . Really . Giants announced they interviewed ESPN analyst Louis Riddick for their GM today . Does not appear as if Brian Urlacher's injury was as bad as it looked . Bears believe he tore MCLPCL but he will undergo MRI to be sure . Giants WR Brandon Marshall sprained his ankle ,  per source . A superb read from @sallyjenx ,  thought to be the last reporter Joe Paterno spoke with before his passing  . RT @tunasweasel @AdamSchefter Welcome to family . We put the fun in disfunctional . No better place to work . Can't wait for debut Monday 7p . Washington's Jarvis Jenkins suspended for first four games of season for violating NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . The Giants announced that head coach Tom Coughlin has signed a contract extension that will take him through the 2014 NFL season . Conway Our evidence and the personal testimony of Ms . Sterger clearly showed a pattern of lewd and offensive behavior by Mr . Favre ... For first time ,  NFL has called a special meeting Thursday in Indianapolis for all NFL GMs and HCs.to debrief them on uncertainties ahead . Drew Brees presented @mortreport and I with autographed books . His inscription to Mort was priceless . Just had an NFL exec tell me ,  Don't be surprised if Myles Garrett isn't the No . 1 pick. Exec convinced a QB is in discussion at No . 1.RT @nfllabor NFL Wild Card & Divisonal Playoff Sked Announced  . Raiders ,  Rams ,  Chargers all submitted applications to NFL today to relocate their franchises to the Los Angeles area . As if game weren't bad enough ,  NFL has fined Titans QB Matthew Hasselbeck 15,750 for a  horse collar tackle on Bears CB Kelvin Hayden . RT @sethmeyers21 And finally ,  my ESPY monologue  . I get a night in hotel ,  away from baby ,  and what happens  ?  I can't sleep and find myself on computer in hotel business center ,  Twittering . Not sure if it's allowed in Foxboro ,  but standing on practice field as Patriots walk out for their first work of the day . And I'm tweeting . 49ers announced they have released WR Stevie Johnson ,  re signed QB Blaine Gabbert to two year deal and TE Garrett Celek to one year deal . So when I turned off the World Series in the 7th inning ,  with the Rangers holding a commanding three run lead ,  what'd I miss  ?  Jay Gruden announced  Washington TE Jordan Reed did suffer a concussion . Congratulations to @EricLeGrand52 ,  who's having his jersey retired today at Rutgers . RT @Willieam Unusual month for u ,  first NBA ,  then MLB ,  now taxes  ?   ...  Don't be surprised if my next act is forensic psychiatry . Former Chiefs and Ravens RB Shaun Draughn is signing a one year deal with the Bears ,  per @seanstellato . NFL Live from today addresses Eric Decker ,  Odell Beckham Jr. ,  Aaron Donald and more . Kicker Billy Cundiff agreed to terms with Browns on a 1 year ,  1.02 million deal ,  per source . Trade will not change Redskins plans in pursuing Peyton Manning . Intend to talk with and try to sign him ,  even if considered a longshot . Rare to see this Browns claimed six players on waivers ,  Jaguars claimed seven ,  Chiefs claimed seven ,  Patriots claimed four ,  Jets three . A happy and healthy new year from my family to you and yours ...  With Cleveland scheduled to play Thursday night vs . Baltimore ,  Browns LB Scott Fujita is likely to meet with Roger Goodell on Friday . Dolphins bringing QBs to Miami for tryouts . One will be former Broncos QB Tom Brandstater . Saints WR Michael Thomas ,  added to injury report Saturday as questionable due to hamstring injury ,  is expected to  . At No . 131 ,  Bengals draft Texas LB Roddrick Muckelroy . #nfldraft . Bears CB Charles Tillman has a torn triceps . Done for year and quite possibly career . Great player . A big welcome to @kenmackcbs ,  a CBS producer who's getting ready to embark to the Masters and the madness there . Giants announced they have signed veteran DT Shaun Rogers . Opening AFC wild card round San Diego at Cincinnati ,  Kansas City at Indianapolis . So Matt Barkley will be Bears' starting QB going forward ,  with David Fales as his backup . Pats waived Glenn Gronkowski ,  per source . Cardinals QB Kevin Kolb is unlikely to play Sunday vs . St . Louis due to his turf toe . Still in walking boot ,  no practice today . Reading material for the next 3 weeks . Thank you ,  @dpbrugler and Nolan Nawrocki . Ravens and Super Bowl MVP Joe Flacco have agreed to deal ,  as @JayGlazer reported . Expected to make Flacco highest paid QB in NFL history . Jerry Jones told @JarrettBell he doesn't see collective bargaining as viable means for NFL to pursue in its new personal conduct policy . Bills scheduled to get second opinion of Reggie Raglands MRI on Monday that will determine how much time rookie 2nd round pick will miss . No surprise Jimmy Clausen is starting . Surprise is announcement comes Monday and not later   after Bengals had prepared for Matt Moore . Carson Palmer vs . Cam Newton in NFC Championship game is 1st time any Heisman Trophy winning QBs square off in NFL postseason history . Hard to imagine it's already July ,  when NFL training camps kick off in full force . RT @MedillSchool People are still talking about @RealMikeWilbon's Medill convocation address . Watch and find out why  . RT @buffalobillscom Jairus Byrd is first Bills rookie to be voted to Pro Bowl since 1984 when rookie RB Greg Bell was named 2 AFC roster . Buccaneers are interviewing Falcons OC Dirk Koetter for their OC job today ,  per source . Strong mutual interest . Broncos signed offensive lineman Chris Kuper to a six year contract extension . Charles Tillman tweeted his wife will deliver their child on Monday ,  so he'll play Sunday night against Texans . Tillma  . RT @RalphCindrich Haynesworth is an embarrassment to all with NFL   hurts all players . He is league example that will be used against them . Despite a sprained ankle ,  Bills RB CJ Spiller will play tonight . RT @espnnfcwest Note of the hour Josh Freeman has 9 TDs ,  0 INTs vs NFC West . Cardinals have 9 TDs all season . Lions free agent S Louis Delmas visiting Rams tonight . RT @tunasweasel Pleased to welcome @adbrandt as ESPN's new NFL Business Analyst . Great insights for our viewers on labor dispute . Packers are playing their first home Thanksgiving game since November 29 ,  1923. The Packers won 19 0 over the Hammond Pros at Bellevue Park . The latest setback for Philadephia's offensive line Torn ACL for Eagles C Jamaal Jackson   out for the year . RT @espnmacmahon Cowboys agree to terms with Owusu Ansah    . Along with Drew Brees ,  Matt Forte and Ray Rice ,  Patriots unsigned WR Wes Welker did not show up for first day of voluntary activities . James Gandolfini  ?  Wow ... Eagles' RB Ryan Mathews will play today despite knee injury ,  but don't be surprised if rookie RB Wendell Smallwood gets more work . No joke @JayGlazer drilled an errant shot that eyewitnesses said missed the side of my head by no more than three inches . Still shaking . Ryan Seacrest got a three year ,  45 million deal . Wow  !  Is he worth it  ?  If someone is willing to pay him it ,  he sure as heck is . Worth noting Steelers' braintrust had dinner with Tennessee QB Tyler Bray before attending his Pro Day . Worst part of preseason   Rams HC Steve Spagnuolo on his WR Donnie Avery He probably has a significant knee injury. What a waste . NFL fined Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch 50K this week only after it found out he had violated leagues media policy and not spoken all season . Packers are signing QB Matt Flynn . Chargers OC Ken Whisenhunt is scheduled to have HC interviews with Lions today ,  with Titans on Friday ,  and with Browns on Saturday . Busy man . When you walk outside in the morning ,  you actually can feel fall   and football   coming . Giants' GM Jerry Reese said some of his teams' scouts consider their 2nd round pick ,  WR Sterling Shepard ,  to be a young Victor Cruz.McClains attorney ,  Harvey Steinberg ,  filed an appeal ,  which now means judges decision becomes annulled and case starts all over again . Bills' HC Sean McDermott had taken over this team in every way . Doug Whaley had been phased out ,  well before today . Now it's just official . Patriots' DT Alan Branch has won his appeal of his 4 game suspension and will not be suspended ,  per @FieldYates . RT @PatiencePayz Any way you see the patriots making a run for T . Richardson  ?   ...  Trading up for a RB is not the Patriot Way . KTFA Chiefs' HC Andy Reid on facing Philadelphia ,  and Miami WR Kenny Stills on displaced Dolphins ...  RT @wingoz georgia authorities to announce decision in ben roethlisberger case monday 200pm . P90X founder Tony Horton details his work with Eddie Lacy ...  RT @jimsteeg NFL Commish says SB can be moved a week . I would argue it can move to Combine dates since Indy building & key hotels blocked . Geno Atkins was scheduled to earn 1.4 million in last year of rookie contract now will earn 22 million in next six months . Former Broncos HC Mike Shanahan also spent Sunday meeting with Bills owners Terry and Kim Pegula and other team officials ,  he confirmed . New York DT Rocky Bernard was unable to agree to a contract restructure with the Giants so the team now plans to release him . RT @RMCRamos any reason for CC not being in HOF yet  ?   ...  Not a single one i can think of . Three Vikings teammates ahead of him  ?  C'mon ,  man . Former Broncos punter Britton Colquitt is going to the Cleveland Browns on a one year deal ,  per source . For those scoring at home ,  Kyle Orton's one year extension for 2011 is for 9 million . His two year total now will be over 12 million . By 4 pm Saturday ,  NFL teams reduce rosters from 75 to 53 ,  and 704 men lose jobs . Some will be practice squaded ,  but some lose dream forever . A wise man ,  coach is . RT @HermEdwardsESPN Thought of the day a good life does not mean a easy one . Bills' team statement on passing of Kathy Berman  . multiple members of the Vikings organization   the front office and the players   want Randy Moss back  not that he ever left .It'll be said over and over again today . But a happy and healthy New Year to everyone ,  especially my Twitter family . Cheers  !  Hear someone stirring in next room . Time to go kiss My baby . An NFL source confirms ,  no waiver claims put in on Donovan McNabb . RT @Maynor87 I'm mad you dont speak about the BEARS at all  !   ...  What are you mad about  ?  You're hosting NFC Championship . Congrats ,  Chicago . NFL suspended 49ers WR Jerome Simpson today for 6 games   reduced down from 10 games he was facing ,  per source . RT @Ryohara I'd like to see McNabb in Carolina . They could be great . Thoughts  ?   ...  Carolina ,  Arizona ,  SF should be in   and they're not . Colts' LaVon Brazill has been suspended first four games of season for violating NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . Boomer Esiason speculating from his own experiences that Ben Roetlisberger separated his shoulder . RT @fboutsiders @JuddZulgad Land Shark deal expired before the Super Bowl . 49ers activated DT Tank Carradine from the teams ReserveNFI List and waived LB Jermaine Cunningham . Players released in past week include Arian Foster ,  Charles Johnson ,  Roddy White ,  Marques Colston ,  Mario Williams ,  Brandon LaFell . This might be the most compelling game of Kickoff Weekend . Who gave Buffalo a shot  ?  It was true in February just as it is true today QB Sam Bradford will be the No . 1 pick . Browns' rookie fourth round pick Howard Wilson fractured his kneecap on the second day of Cleveland's minicamp . Out indefinitely . Eagles signed LB Rashad Jeanty to a one year contract . He's 27 yrs old ,  6 2 ,  243 lbs and last played with Bengals in 2009.Good call ,  bad rule . Michael Vick says Andy Reid is considering a change at QB ... NFL announced that Redskins CB Chris Culliver has been suspended 1 game for violating personal conduct policy . Blindside hit . RT @damienwoody If u ask @KingJames for a dollar ,  he'll only give u 75 cents he never gives you the fourth quarter . Two players involved in Yahoo report Saturday about 11 players facing discipline for testing positive are TE Fred Davis ,  OT Trent Williams . Just as everyone expected Alex Smith would lead his team further in this season's playoffs than Aaron Rodgers . Cardinals can clinch NFC West with a win and a Seahawks loss . They havent won 11 games AND a division title in same season since 1975.Indianapolis clinches AFC South division title1       IND win  JAC loss . NFL INJURIES Bears QB Cutler listed as doubtful vs . Colts did not practice this week Bills' LeSean McCoy ,  ...  Teams with zero Pro Bowl players Bengals , Chiefs ,  Falcons ,  Lions ,  Seahawks ,  Buccaneers . And now the Bengals also have signed Jason Allen . If Rams and Redskins finish in same place in respective divisions ,  Washington will become first team to play in consecutive weeks in London . Bills GM Doug Whaley announced Buffalo LB Kiko Alonso injured his knee and it could be significant.Champ Bailey's agent ,  Jack Reale ,  said two playoff contenders were interested in his client . Bailey more interested in his next career . Panthers WR Kelvin Benjamin traded to Buffalo ,  source tells ESPN . Fair question . RT @HollowRyan @AdamSchefter Delhomme has 13 ints and gets bashed . Cutler has 11 ints and you hear nothing . What gives  ?  Even with the catastrophic knee injury ,  Notre Dame LB Jaylon Smith is expected to gone by end of round 3 ,  maybe earlier ,  per league sources . Classy @LarryFitzgerald is donating 1,000 per catch and 10,000 per touchdown during October to help fight breast cancer . Titans WR Andre Johnson is retiring today ,  per source . Cincy  !  If @SportsTaxMan's math is correct   and it always is   Ed Reed's one game suspension without pay will cost him 423,529.Dolphins announced they have signed running back Richard Medlin and placed tackle Jake Long on injured reserve, . Congratulations to E60 on its 10 year run of sustained excellence . First fantasy draft tonight . With 9th pick ,  took Gore ,  then A . Johnson ,  P . Rivers ,  J . Addai ,  K . Moreno ,  Felix Jones ,  H . Ward ,  Ravens D ... How's this for bizarre Kansas City now has clinched a playoff spot but Denver has not . Sad . RT @MichaelDavSmith RIP Stefanie Spielman ,  dead at 42. She and Chris Spielman took her breast cancer fight public  . After hearing George Cohen go third person a couple of times ,  I will admit this . He mediates a new CBA ,  he is an instant icon . If you close your eyes and listen to new Redskins HC Jay Gruden talk ,  you can almost hear him say ,  Spider 2 Y Banana.Colts have signed veteran free agent defensive end Josh Thomas and have placed defensive back Marlin Jackson on injured reserve . Raiders prioritizing new deal for QB Derek Carr after this season  . NFL Films does what it does ,  this time on the great Dr . Z . Worthwhile watch   . Even GatorsBroncos fans acknowledge what would have been considered Linconceivable a few weeks ago ...  Contenders ,  each of them . RT @49erscom RT @allstrmvp637 @AdamSchefter Are these 3 teams Pretenders or Contenders Bengals ,  49ers ,  Jets . NY ,  NY Sunday was first day the Jets and Giants both lost by at least 18 points in 29 years ,  since October 16 ,  1983.End of an era in Ann Arbor ...  RT @chris4322 Have you heard anything on my Cards  ?   ...  Some around league expect them to sign Josh Cribbs and Lorenzo Alexander today . Former Colts CB Marlin Jackson is scheduled to visit the Baltimore Ravens on Tuesday . NFL Appeals Officer James Thrash heard Marshawn Lynchs appeal today for 1 game suspension ,  per sources . A decision is expected Tuesday . Sad week . Stan Jones ,  a Pro Football Hall of Famer and former Broncos D line coach for 18 years ,  passed away May 21.He was 78. RIP . Fair to say the Ryan brothers have had better Thanksgivings . Chargers OC Ken Whisenhunt and Texans GM Rick Smith worked together for 1 year on NFL comp committee . Whisenhunt will be Texans HC candidate . One person in know said it's 50 50 at best that Ed Reed signs in Houston . A return to Balt . still possible . SF and IND loom as longshots . Jaguars HC Mike Mularkey said team has not ruled out possibility that @JonesDrew32 has a Lisfranc injury . Vince Young signed with the Buffalo Bills . And Chargers TE Antonio Gates suspended for first 4 games of NFL season . Bengals TE Tyler Eifert to IR . Season ends how it began . Colts expect him to play . RT @donjay56 @AdamSchefter What's the status on Reggie Wayne  ?  Randy Moss will wear No . 84 in Tennessee . Heres why Odell Beckhams finger is ,  in the word of Ben McAdoo ,  sore  . David Modell ,  who served as president of Ravens from 1996 2004 ,  passed away Friday afternoon after battling cancer for almost two years . Panthers announced HC Ron Rivera will meet with owner Jerry Richardson to discuss his future . Raiders placed WR Jacoby Ford on season ending IR ,  and placed CB Ron Bartell on reserveinjured list that allows him to return this year . Broncos not in on Vikings DE Jared Allen . Options diminishing . With Jay Cutler coming to town ,  Brandon Marshall tries to get out . Watch  . Broncos Ring of Fame QB Frank Tripucka passed away today in Woodland Park ,  N.J. ,  at the age of 85 ,  his family informed the team . For the second straight season ,  Arizona is 4 2 after six games . In 2008 ,  the fourth win came in an OT victory over Dallas . Steelers announced they waived RB Chris Rainey following his arrest for a domestic battery incident this morning in Gainesville ,  Fla . At this rate ,  Browns QB Johnny Manziel will be throwing to Drake and LeBron . Apparently the Kurt Warner retirement talk is not just speculation . Raiders signed second round pick ,  defensive lineman Lamarr Houston .  . To recap ,  S Bob Sanders out for year ,  CB Kelvin Hayden out 1 month ,  CB Marlin Jackson out for year ,  WR Anthony Gonzalez out 2 to 3 weeks . reports . Rich . Might be the best airport food I've ever had . Giants nab DRC ,  Jets thin at CB . Chiefs RB Jamaal Charles carted off . Looked like a left leg injury . Another bad Saints sign  not that it will matter  RT @jrniemeyer @AdamSchefter Brees is 0 5 when the weather is 45 degrees or less . Picked them to win division this summer . RT @DustinWall @AdamSchefter  Do you think my Niners are for real  ?  Greg Hardy to pursue MMA career . Mike Tomlin fined 100,000. NFL also still will consider draft choice penalty vs . Steelers . Colleges with multiple 1st round picks Ohio State 5 ,  Ole Miss 3 ,  Notre Dame 2 ,  Florida 2.Larry King will serve as color analyst for part of the first half of the Dolphins Patriots Game on Miami's radio broadcast.Jets are re signing RB Bilal Powell ,  per source . RT @ProFootballTalk Chad Clifton to visit Redskins  ...  If he signs there ,  Redskins no longer have to draft an OT in round one . Bengals are trying to work out a trade for Jaguars safety Reggie Nelson ,  a former first round pick, . Too much praise ,  too much criticism and too much emotion over NFL predictions . Some will be right ,  some wrong . Games are ultimate judge . More Cowboys news RT @espn Sources say the Dallas Cowboys are cutting Flozell Adams and Ken Hamlin .   Browns make it official ,  announce trade sending Justin Gilbert to Steelers for a 2018 sixth round pick . Says how badly they wanted him out . And there it is what many in New England thought wouldn't happen has . Wes Welker has left the Patriots . He's a Bronco . RT @RealMikeySmith Where does jon fox go once panthers' season is done and his contract is up  ?   ...  Could be anyplace with an opening . Jaguars picked up QB Blake Bortles' fifth year option . The Randy Moss that said he doesn't expect to return to NE is the same Randy Moss that huddled up Pats after game to celebrate opening win . Chiefs didn't use tag on WR Dwayne Bowe because they didn't have to . Chiefs and Bowe have reached agreement on a five year deal . HBO's Hard Knocks will be done this summer with ... the Atlanta Falcons . Guaranteed sales . RT @mhigginsjets Rex is best selling author . Play Like You Mean It debuts at #11 on NYT ,  #15 on Publisher Weekly lists . Even before tonight ,  there were NFL people convinced that Notre Dame QB DeShone Kizer would be a high 1st round draft pick . Impressive . RT @espn Jimenez throws first no hitter in Rockies' history     . Browns announce QB Josh McCown has cleared concussion protocol and will start Sunday vs . Oakland . Texans HC Gary Kubiak confirmed that Matt Leinart is out for the season . RT @JayHarrisESPN More on Olympian luger who died after crash . Red Bryant re signing with Seattle 5 years ,  35 million ,  including 14.5 million gtd . Packers tried out former Jets RB Joe McKnight and former 49ers QB Scott Tolzien . Suppo . RT @RealJeffLee i dont need grammer to realize you dont know what your talking about ! Mcnabb will be stay in philly i bet my twitter account . Bills are 0 4 in games this season when Sammy Watkins records 30 receiving yards or fewer and 5 0 when he has more than 30 yards . Seahawks have released wide receiver Stephen Williams and added linebacker Bruce Irvin to the 53 man roster . As @MikeGarafolo reports ,  Giants are releasing RB Brandon Jacobs . Redskins announced today that they have signed former Bucs and Packers punter Josh Bidwell . And to put a capper on the football week  . Sure seems like every NBA free agent these days gets quarterback money . Rams owner E . Stanley Kroenke  . Friday 10 Spot Can the Packers go unbeaten and how much interest there might be in T.O .  New York OC Brian Schottenheimer declined chance to interview for Buffalo head coaching job this week or after season ,  More on ESPN.com . RT @CMNick Is Leon Washington getting traded today  ?   ...  My guess is yes . And if not today ,  then soon . #nfldraft . It's not the long term deal he wanted but it's not bad . Texans TE Owen Daniels signed his 3.168 million tender today . Looks like Washington has the tiebreaker over Kansas City for the fourth pick in the draft ,  but NFL won't have official order till Monday . J.J . Watt's fundraiser for Houston passes 15M in donations   and counting ...  means . Texans HC Gary Kubiak on RB Arian Foster It's something thats going to take some time for him to get through.Chargers TE Hunter Henry has a lacerated kidney and his status is uncertain . Bills announced that the team has traded LB Kelvin Sheppard to the Indianapolis Colts for LB Jerry Hughes . Mort going undercover . RT @mortreport Adam in full Twitter mode  . Wow ... RT @RocStarGuru @AdamSchefter Hes not in buffalo ,  hes in Rochester . Had his physical at RGH this AM . RT @tunasweasel Don't miss ESPN show Audibles tonight at 7p . Great football talk with Young ,  Keyshawn ,  Dilfer and Herm . You ask questions . One candidate Vikings HC Mike Zimmer is considering as his offensive coordinator is Browns OC Norv Turner ,  per league sources . Free agent WR Louis Murphy is visiting the Giants today . Houston Texans announced that Defensive Coordinator Wade Phillips will assume the role as interim head coach . Great message and cause from @DangeRussWilson#WNYPassThePeace . If Broncos WR Bennie Fowler had just taken a knee near the end zone instead of going into the end zone ,  there's no OT and this game is over . Cardinals announced QB Carson Palmer has a torn ACL and will be placed on season ending injured reserve . One view of the impact of Aaron Rodgers injury ,  via @ESPNStatsInfo  . RT @RachelNichols Have confirmed what was 1st reported in Star Tribune about Vikes WR Sidney Rice . His hip surgery yesterday went well . Just posted Judge Berman will issue decision and order by the end of the week . 49ers free agent left tackle Barry Sims is scheduled to visit the Washington Redskins on Friday . Just got this text from Rams' practice Aaron Donald is unreal.Friend told me his 10 yr old son wants to attend draft bc of Johnny Manziel . He said ,  He and every 10 year old is infatuated with Manziel.Despite returning to practice only Wednesday from a torn Achilles in April ,  Ravens LB Terrell Suggs is targeting and e  . A medical opinion on Jay Cutler . RT @StephaniaESPN My Cutler post from earlier today ...  Tedy Bruschi runs the Boston Marathon today for stroke survivors everywhere . Please consider making a donation  . LeVeon Bell ,  if I had the pick . In my two leagues ,  have no . 2 in a 12 teamer and 8 in a 16 teamer . No figures yet on John Elway's new 5 year contract with Broncos ,  but it is fully expected to make him NFL's highest paid GM . Packers are trading LB Lerentee McCray to the Buffalo Bills for a draft pick ,  per source . Jacksonville reached agreement with former Colts LB Clint Session on a 5 year ,  29 million deal that includes 11.5 million guaranteed . Good for Chicago Even though it won three of the past six Stanley Cups ,  the Blackhawks won Cup at home for first time since April 12 ,  1938.Odell Beckham Jr . had 211 receiving yds in Sunday's 2nd half ,  tied for 2nd most rec yds in a single half of a game over last 30 seasons . Saints say Mike Bell's knee injury and Lance Moore's hamstring strain not as bad as they thought . Both could play Sunday vs . Buffalo . RT @DeniseWhiteEAG RT @TerezOwens Brandon Marshall Diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder  . Browns rookies ,  please pick up the white courtesy phone . Browns rookies ,  please pick up the white courtesy phone . Time to report to camp  !  NFL is taking away millions of dolllar of salary cap space from Cowboys and Redskins for how they front loaded deals during uncapped year . Chargers announced they promoted their special teams coordinator Rich Bisaccia to assistant head coach . Packers ,  Eagles have expressed interest in trading up to 10 12 range . But it could depend on how board falls . Good prospects everywhere . Some nice work from @sj39   his own Hard Knocks' style show . Michigan had 11 players selected in 2017 Draft ,  the most of any school and 2nd straight year a Big Ten school had most  OSU had 12 in 2016 .RT @brealmp3 Where do the panthers go  ?   Big wr to take attention away from 89 or help for secondary  ?   ...  You're forgetting pass rusher . RT @mortreport NFL in settlement talks with suspended Saints players . Story at  . RT @GregABedard Police investigate Packers player in alleged sex assault Sources say Underwood is linked to probe  . ESPN medical analyst ,  Michael Kaplan ,  says Brett Favre's shoulder injury poses a greater threat to ending his streak than his ankle injury . Falcons S Williams Moore is ,  once again ,  inactive . Rams and Jets are close to finalizing a trade that would send OT Jason Smith to New York for OT Wayne Hunter . Chiefs released DE Jaye Howard in part because they owe him 2.5M gtd . They want him to sign with another team to get back some offset money . The T.O . Show  ?  That's some damn good reality TV . Far better than I expected . Face it the man is an entertainer . Can't wait for next Monday . Induction speeches play year round in the Hall of Fame . They're on so much ,  I'm told the workers here actually and truly memorize the words . ESPN's four hour Super Bowl edition of Sunday NFL Countdown now on the air . Let's go  !  Look at this ...  Confirming reports out of Tampa ,  Raheem Morris informed today that he will be retained as Buccaneers head coach   back for more in 2010.PART  !  Since he hurt his hip in regular season finale at Oakland ,  Ravens QB Joe Flacco has been in more pain than people realize . Patriots picked up 8 million in cap room this year ,  7 million in cap room next off season . Tom Brady helps NE win even in February . Dustin Colquitt is now highest paid punter in NFL . He reached agreement with Chiefs on a 5 yr ,  18.75 million deal ,  including 8.9 mil gtd . He has made his words from Sunday Conversation come to life  !  RT @OGOchoCinco Shrek and the ass known as Esteban  . Modell . A man who doesn't stick to just baseball ...  RT @SIPeterKing Welcome to Twitter ,  @RealMichaelKay . You'll have fun on here . Former Broncos and Eagles QB Mark Sanchez is going to sign with the Dallas Cowboys ,  league source tells ESPN . Steelers announced they have released TE Ladarius Green . Jay Gruden has named Kirk Cousins the starting QB for the entire season . So there's that . RT @SteveRushin Favre better stay on Childress's good side if he wants a ride back to the airport . TJ our bus driver is the trip MVP . Early in the morning ,  100 miles out of Florida ,  and he's leading the way like Jake Long . Bengals LB Vontaze Burfict is facing suspension for his hit on Antonio Brown during Saturday night's wild card game ,  per source . Bruce Arians does not expect to decide on QB until about 2 hours before kickoff . But Cardinals sources believe Carson Palmer is most likely . An endorsement from @TonyDungy is always a great thing . Helped Jim Caldwell in Detroit . Mark Sanchez has completed two more passes to the Jets today  5  than he has to the Bills  3 .RT @timufer The Jets have Revis Island ... and the Pats have Wilfork Planet..they really need to stop throwing to his side of the field . Broncos do not believe Derek Wolfe's ankle injury to be serious ,  pending further tests . Cowboys RB Felix Jones and LB Sean Lee officially inactive . Patriots told their former starting safety James Sanders they plan to cut him today ,  according to his agent Gary Uberstine . Cardinals' HC Bruce Arians on Carson Palmer's future on ESPN's NFL Insiders I think he'll announce he's coming back real soon.Annie Apple ,  mother of Giants CB Eli Apple ,  explains why owner John Mara was wrong in his comments on Josh Brown ...  Ravens expected to sign Cardinals S Tony Jefferson barring any last minute negotiating snags ,  per @diannaESPN and me . There will be no trade for WR Vincent Jackson today ,  despite the fact that one team ,  presumably Minnesota ,  tried hard to get it done . Jets confirmed CB Aaron Berry suffered a season ending knee injury at practice Friday morning . And here we go . Got this email today from Indianapolis cameraman Paul Mpistolarides . Worth sharing and readingKnow you are ...  Adrian Peterson being carried to locker room with ankle injury . Former Buccaneers WR Michael Clayton is signing a one year deal with the NY Giants today . RBs Ronnie Brown and Cadillac Williams each have overcome so much on the way to tonight's meeting in Miami's rain . Props to them . Here ,  here . RT @ukesilence I want to applaud Tom Jackson for his display of appreciation to U.S . Servicemembers . RT @OGOchoCinco I can change my last name to HIMSELF ,  if I drop a ball announcer would say Carson Palmer has nobody to blame but HIMSELF . And with Jake Locker apparently staying in school ,  that also means that Jimmy Clausen or Sam Bradford now will be the top rated QB . Neither team nor player's agent will confirm ,  but Broncos are expected to sign former Steelers WR Emmauel Sanders ,  per league sources . Friday Blitz how the mess in Miami could affect head coaching searches .  My view from the bench   Mort and Ditka . As of last night ,  Jets WR Santonio Holmes thought he would play . But final and official word will come within the hour . Filed to ESPN Eagles gave Jackson an five year ,  51 million deal . Giants said they have named Super Bowl hero David Tyree as their new Director of Player Development . Ted Ginn starts today at WR for the Dolphins . Nobody's going to enjoy this news about USC any more than the fans in Tennessee . Obvious what they'll be thinking   karma . Please help us kill cancer . @ESPNRadio #VAuction going on now . Donate  . Falcons agreed to terms with their starting safety Thomas Decoud . Jaguars CB Jalen Ramsey a gametime decision with ankle injury Jags CB AJ Bouye removed from injury report  illness  and practiced today . In week 2 ,  already are three No . 2 QBs starting   Cleveland's Seneca Wallace ,  Detroit's Shaun Hill ,  Philly's Michael Vick . Cardinals WR John Brown ,  listed as Q with hamstring ,  likely to play vs Browns ,  but team wants to test him pregame bc still not convinced . Mike Shanahan said Robert Griffin III will begin working with starters when veterans reconvene for offseason workouts later this month . Despite a deal between NFL and NFLRA being at hand ,  locked out officials still have not heard any details from their union leaders . Why the St . Louis Rams and Sam Bradford will not strike a deal before Thursday night's draft . At least four teams have expressed interest in recently reinstated RB Ray Rice . Despite requests for HC interviews from Bears and Jets ,  Ravens OC Gary Kubiak unwilling to interview until after Baltimore's season ends . RT @SportsCenter First Look @ochocinco on practice field with Tom Brady   . Another coaching plan Saints have discussed is appointing LB coach Joe Vitt as interim HC ,  even though he has been suspended six games . Broncos waived K Brandon McManus . So I guess the search is on . Xavier Rhodes' 6 year deal includes over 42M in first 3 years . Makes him third highest paid CB  APY  behind Trumaine Johnson ,  Josh Norman . Saints announced deal with QB Seneca Wallace . Just like everyone expected Chiefs beat Packers ,  Colts beat Titans ,  Redskins beat Giants . For the record ,  Key does not have on his fuscia colored socks . He's got on no socks at all . Absolutely agree RT @VStromRider The Raiders actually looked like an NFL team for once . That was two awesome Monday Night Games . Patriots QB Tom Brady now will miss the first four games and return in week 5 against ... the Cleveland Browns . Eagles bad luck continues . Eagles backup QB Kevin Kolb carted off field Monday with unknown injury . Some report Kolb's ankle ,  some knee . I love Buffalo ,  tremendous fans ,  and don't mean to disappoint . But Bill Cowher will not wind up as the Bills coach this season . NFL announced its top performance based pay distributions ...  NFL officials are reviewing the procedures that contributed to Alabama LB Reuben Foster getting into a heated ...  bus . So far ,  22 of the 100 picks have been offensive linemen ,  tying 2014 with 1968 for the most OL picked through 3 rounds in any draft . Just got a classic text from future ESPN co worker Ed Werder Never thought you might return to work before Favre makes up his mind.David Garrard was expected to start tonight but suffered a mysterious knee injury that some Dolphins players still do not know about . Q and A with LeSean McCoy in ESPN The MagazineQ You told The Philadelphia Inquirer in April that Chip  Kelly  ...  No limitations today on Cardinals RB Beanie Wells ,  other than team concerned about him being in football shape . Will rotate with LSH . RT @lincolnhawk29 Why is it Notre Dame can buyout Charlie Weis for 18 mil but we can't buy out Lovie's contract  ?   ...  Simple The McCaskeys . Bills not just interested in QB Donovan McNabb . They also have QB Tim Tebow in town for a visit . Tebow had dinner last night with Jim Kelly . RT @tmalagisi84 Why is David Garrard not in the mix  ?   ...  Two sides talked . Couldn't work it out for a variety of reasons . Dallas plans to take LSU CB Morris Claiborne . News on Manning is not encouraging . RT @JimIrsay #18's out for awhile , but compete , we willBELIEVE . RT @espnnfcnblog Vikes also no idea who starting QB will be . Favre has a numb hand . T Jack turf toe . Webb a hamstring . Looking for vet FAs . RT @RGDJ ... maybe those wanting to see the supplemental draft need more supplements in their diet . Should sell reprinting rights to this  . RT @xx4star Regardless of what Buffalo says ,  do u think he gets moved  ?   ...  It has made sense since draft to move him . Buffalo hasn't budged . NFL denied Patriots TE Rob Gronkowskis appeal of his one game suspension.Gronkowski is out Monday night vs . Miami . Cowboys released LB Dan Connor . Lions gave former Packers G TJ Lang a three year deal ,  per source . Titans announced they agreed to a long term extension with S Michael Griffin ,  who was franchised ahead of CB Cortland Finnegan . Aaron Rodgers is inactive Matt Flynn starts at QB for the Packers . Saints and RB Mark Ingram have reached agreement on a four year deal ,  per league source . Giants Panthers . And so Jason Campbell will start Sunday for the Browns . Brandon Weeden ,  anyone  ?  Dolphins activated safety T.J . McDonald off ReserveSuspended by Commissioner list and placed tackle JaWuan James on injured reserve . When he has been healthy ,  he has been tremendous . RT @WhiteTeeMafia @AdamSchefter Bob Sanders is the most overrated player of this decade . Picking DT Kendall Reyes suggests San Diego knows its problem this is the first time Chargers have taken 2 DL with their first 2 picks . Since last October ,  Colin Kaepernick now has donated 900,000 to be distributed to the organizations of his choice . Another 100,000 to come . Good reading for holidays Gary Myers new book ,  Coaching Confidential . Chronicles the year in the life of an NFL coac  . And oh yeah ,  the free agent signing period starts Tuesday at 4 pm . Numbers Cullen Jenkins and Giants agreed to a three year ,  8 million deal that included a 2 million signing bonus and 3 million gtd . So this isn't going away anytime soon ...  The new Man in Philly and today's bus visitor . If Kevin Kolb is as good as he is nice ,  Eagles have a star . Bills announced signing of fourth round pick ,  QB Cardale Jones . Eagles acquire DE Antwan Barnes from Baltimore for an undisclosed draft choice in 2011.Federal mediator George Cohen can make suggestions ,  recommendations . But he has no authorithy to impose settlements . Still up to NFLNFLPA . Bears contact USC offensive coordinator Jeremy Bates about becoming their offensive coordinator . Bates worked in Denver with Jay Cutler . Redskins' GM Scot McCloughan injures hand in frustration after hearing about WR Josh Doctson's injured Achilles . blame . 49ers claimed DT Derek Walker off waivers from the Seattle Seahawks . In addition ,  the team released CB Keith Smith . A collection of Chiefs officials ,  including GM John Dorsey ,  are on Florida campus today ,  privately working out Florida DT Shariff Floyd . Browns officially placed QB Josh McCown on injured reserve  clavicle  and signed WR Terrelle Pryor . Giants Odell Beckham Jr . at Cardboard Memories Sports Memorabilia in Commack ,  LI  on Tues Dec 9 buy tix 631 462 1919  . Per ESPN ,  LeBron James' agent informed Heat he will opt out . Let the fun begin . Quick recovery Chargers RB Ryan Mathews is back on the field ,  in uniform . X rays on right ankle must have been negative . Vikings waiting to find out how bad   or good   Tarvaris Jackson's knee injury is . Even if it is bad ,  I don't see Vick there . But thats me . Definitive look at The Man . RT @JoeyRoberts @AdamSchefter A well done piece done by Rick Reilly on John Wooden  . Atlanta's win means SF will wait until Friday to interview Falcons OC Kyle Shanahan and GM candidates as well . SF won't have HC till Feb . San Francisco 49ers reached agreement with former Giants running back Brandon Jacobs . RT @roykiesler @AdamSchefter Jim Nantz for those of you waiting to watch 60 Minutes ,  you're going to see 60 points . Darrelle Revis was asking teams for 40 million guaranteed . Jets' deal expected to top that . North of 40M guaranteed . Posted the top 5 free agents of all time on ESPN.com . And IMO ,  Drew Brees now has trumped Reggie White as top all time free agent signing . Jacksonville Jaguars officially have hired Gus Bradley to become the fifth head coach in franchise history . Patriots keep stockpiling from AFC East LB David Harris ,  CB Stephon Gilmore ,  RB Mike Gillislee ,  WR Chris Hogan . And the best part for those that already paid ...  RT @darrenrovell1 People who paid full price on Jets PSL's will be refunded . Bengals WR A.J . Green is active . Former Colts and Bucs TE Dallas Clark intends to play this season and a deal could get done this week ,  per ESPN source . Jets WR Jeremy Kerley is expected to sign a 4 year contract extension with the team today ,  per @caplannfl . Darren McFadden   4 TDs . He's having the DeAngelo day of RBs . Such sad news former Titans K Rob Bironas ,  who married Terry Bradshaw's daughter in June ,  was killed in a car crash Saturday . He was 36.Raiders announced they have signed CB Lito Shepherd . 49ers signed undrafted Stanford free agent WR Chris Owusu ,  who was off some teams' boards due to concerns with concussions . So Ray Lewis retires ,  Paul Kruger goes to Cleveland and Dannell Ellerbee goes to Miami . Where are the LBs in Baltimore  ?  Cardinals reached agreement with former Panthers TE Jeff King ,  filling a need that Arizona had for a blocking TE . stewart cink and watson now tied ,  heading to 17.RT @gregaiello Not yet . We're discussing situation . Stand by . RT @davepr12 @gregaiello Any word on the Eagles game being postponed  ?  Good point here on Holmgren's and Mangini's pro day attendance at Florida RT @OSaadelson or that they want joe haden  !  A different approach from others today RT @espn Denver Broncos DE Elvis Dumervil works out without contract    . From the way the Eagles are handling this Mike Vick announcement ,  it sounds as if he has won the job for good . Amazing . Chiefs James Winchester expected to play today vs Tampa Bay after his father was killed last week ...  It's a McDonough kind of night ESPN's Sean McDonough calling Jets Cards in AZ ,  where younger brother Terry is Cards VP of player personnel . This means Merriman must be released by the team when he becomes healthy . Career in SD over . Cowboys' rookie RB Ezekiel Elliott tops NFL jersey sales . RT @SIPeterKing It's official Jack Del Rio staying in Jacksonville . SF now owns picks at No . 31 ,  34 ,  and 61 in a draft with lots of depth but not a lot of surefire stars . RT @codyfehrenbach What do you think about what Brandon Marshall said for this upcoming game  ?   ...  Now you know one reason Denver dealt him . Falcons head coach Dan Quinn and new Bills head coach Sean McDermott join ESPN's Insiders today . Due to a separated left shoulder ,  Titans quarterback Jake Locker is not expected to play Sunday at Minnesota against the Vikings . For as much off season talk as there was about Darrelle Revis vs . Richard Sherman ,  has anyone even mentioned their teams square off today  ?  DT Samie Lee Hill reached agreement on a three year ,  11.4 million deal ,  including 4 million guaranteed with the Titans . The definition of consistency Since 1997 ,  the Dallas Cowboys are 131 131 overall in regular season games . Rodgers and Jennings ...  Couch Potato Time . RT @BShah23 US Open ,  World Cup ,  NBA Finals GM 7 ,  Yanks and Phillies . Today is why God invented HD . Smart move by Redskins   practicing Haynesworth ,  Phillip Daniels ,  Cornelius Griffin ,  and Malcom Kelly only once a day . Keeping them fresh . Jeff Fisher still does not have contract with Rams . They now must work one out . As of this afternoon ,  two sides had not discussed figures . One blockbuster trade will dictate the futures of two franchises for years to come . The football world will sit back ,  watch and judge . Washington giving WR Terrelle Pryor a one year ,  8 million deal ,  per sources . much . Bills S George Wilson on ESPN This is nothing more than an attempt to get the fans to turn on the players. Doesn't expect a vote Friday . Crossbars and goalposts beat Chile . RT @mulch10 What about D Bowe  ?   ...  Do not expect a long term deal to be done there by Monday's 4 pm ET deadline . All four favorites in Divisional Playoffs have not covered since 1991 ,  per @predictmachine . Jets QB Mark Sanchez has a 500,000 workout bonus that is pro rated by the day . So in other words ,  the meter is running . Ravens news  . it . Isn't this interesting  ?  @mortreport is reporting on ESPN that Seattle now might reunite Matt Leinart with Pete Carroll to round out its QBs . Seahawks reached agreement with HC Pete Carroll today ,  two days after locking up GM John Schneider ,  sources tell ESPN . Deal through 2019.Former Bengals K Shayne Graham has arrived in Baltimore . He wouldn't be there if he didn't intend to sign with the Ravens soon . White smoke from the Vatican . Was that won by the Packers or lost by the Cowboys  ?  49ers source said he highly ,  highly doubted SF WR Michael Crabtree will be charged in events that led to investigation of sexual assault . NFL announced Roy Ellison has been suspended one game ,  minus pay ,  for profane and derogatory statement to Trent Williams . And oh by the way ,  Oklahoma RB Joe Mixon will hold his pro day in Norman on Wednesday . RT @adbrandt Evidence of NFL's soft Cap Flacco will be highest paid player in NFL this year at 30M with pedestrian 6.8M Cap #.Heisman . Can't recommend Tom Rinaldi's new book #TheRedBandanna highly enough . The story of Welles Crowther ,  a true hero . Punxsutawney Phil put a real damper on today . Rams DE Chris Long is expected to miss 8 10 weeks after undergoing ankle surgery ,  per source . Lions WR Calvin Johnson ,  listed as questionable for today's game vs . the Jets with an ankle injury ,  will be active . Eagles never can have enough backs . They also put in a waiver claim for former Jaguars RB Deji Karim ,  but Colts had waiver priority . Redskins have no plans nor interest in trading QB Kirk Cousins ,  per league sources . He's not going anywhere . Doing my supplemental draft report card   as meaningful as those April draft report cards   and it's hard not to give all teams an A.  Friday Super Bowl XLV 10 Spot How Brett Favre helped the Packers get to this year's Super Bowl . Packers LB Nick Perry is having hand surgery . Patriots claimed LB A.J . Edds on waivers and signed TE Dan Gronkowski released CB Darius Butler and DL Gerard Warren . Marc . And we have a verdict in the George Zimmerman trial . Sounds like this one could go till gametime . @janesports Ryan said Sanchez still has improvement to make if he's going to play on Sunday . Panthers rookie WR Curtis Samuel suffered ligament damage in his ankle and is out for the season ,  per source . N MRI this evening revealed that Vikings running back Adrian Peterson suffered a tear to the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee . Friday 10 Spot believe the hype in Colts QB Andrew Luck ,  plus Pats play for Aqib Talib ,  and more ...  Filed to ESPN Pittsburgh just traded a seventh round pick for former Buccaneers QB Byron Leftwich . A sincere thank you to the many that have tweeted best wishes for Monday's first day of work . Means a lot and it's appreciated . Now bedtime . Free agent defensive end Mario Williams plans to visit the Buffalo Bills tonight . RB Chris Johnson's 2 year deal with Jets has a team option in it for year two . Jets have option to pick up year two at 4M in February 2015.Titans hired Gregg Williams as Senior AssistantDefense . NFL informed Williams that he has been reinstated today . Redskins announced today that they have signed former Giants linebacker Jonathan Goff . Headed in to studio to co host @mikeandmike . Have a good Thursday . Sticking to basketball ... The Eastern Conference Finals are all but over Celtics are 32 0 all time when leading a best of 7 series 2 0.Byron Leftwich will serve as the Steelers No . 2 QB behind Ben Roethlisberger today with Charlie Batch being made inactive . Dee Milliner deal with Jets 4 years ,  12.66M ,  fully guaranteed w offset language . SB 7.588M ,  payable 5.0M ...  Filed to ESPN It's official   Panthers will not tag DE Julius Peppers . He'll be allowed to test free agency and leave Carolina . Ladies and gentlemen ,  today's front page of the NY Post . Saints re signing WR Robert Meachem ,  per ESPN's Bill Williamson . Washington LB Mason Foster expected to be placed on IR with torn labrum . So Percy Harvin is out for the year ,  and maybe ,  his career . Saints signed a QB   not Brees . RT @MikeMcCartney7 Congrats to Luke McCown for signing with the #Saints  !   . Mike Holmgren told @Edwerderespn he is willing to return to sidelines if some of the seven teams firing head coaches Monday have interest . NFL regular season schedule will be released ,  at 8 p.m . ET Tuesday on ESPN networks . Back from pool ,  and family coming over for weekly Sunday night barbeque . Best day of the week . Family ,  food ,  and in the fall ,  football . RT @travis082  Who should i play today welker or burleson  ?   ...  The best guide to figure out who to start and who to sit  . Falcons WR Julio Jones offically is inactive . Texans WR Andre Johnson is inacive . Browns RB Peyton Hillis is inactive ,  too . Another change at kicker for the Bucs Tampa Bay signed former Chiefs kicker Connor Barth and released kicker Shane Andrus . Off from Washington ,  on to Baltimore for Ravens Friday . wake . NFL now has announced Bucs S Dashon Goldson and Colts LB Erik Walden each suspended one game for violating safety rules . RT @MatthewHass8 #71 RT @Seahawks A special video tribute to #71 Walter Jones  . We're 30 miles from Pittsford ,  N.Y. ,  and Bills camp   and the team goes and cancels its morning practice . Disappointing . Romo got a ring . RT @JasonWitten Great wedding last night  !  Great friends celebrating together  !  That's what life's all about  !  Cannot confirm ...  RT @sportsintheATL I see that Ed Werder has broken up with Favre and is now dating Tebow . Former Bucs and Saints G Carl Nicks After careful consideration ,  I have made the decision to step away from the game.Hard drive shot . On a two week old file . Mailbag ,  1st week preview I'd been working on   gone . Need to be redone . I'm sicker than I thought . Should San Diego hold on tonight ,  keep in mind that under Norv Turner ,  San Diego never has lost in December . January ,  yes . December ,  no . Patriots RB Dion Lewis scheduled to undergo MRI on his knee . No swelling yet ,  a good sign . ACL loose ,  a bad sign . MRI to tell full story . Zero chance Dolphins trade WR Jarvis Landry today ,  per league source . Not happening . For first time since 1977 ,  neither Florida nor Florida State had a player picked in first three rounds . Yet Stanford had four of top 50.Which player will make the biggest mark at this weekend's scouting combine  ?  It's official . Jaguars signed two veteran free agent players ,  guard Kynan Forney and safety Brian Russell . Cardinals HC Ken Whisenhunt said Matt Leinart will be starting QB going into camp ,  but make no mistake ,  we're going to have competition.DA still has some support in Clev . RT @BrownsBallBoys Congrats to our good friend Derek Anderson on winning the Cardinals starting QB job . RT @AUSTINiwannaHOH Any new news on the nfl lockout  ?   ...  You don't want to know or hear it . Bills also have released FB Jerome Felton ,  per source . So Glenn Gronkowski seemingly makes it as  Buffalo's FB . RT @medale87 @AdamSchefter Who was the Bills Rooney Rule canidate  ?  .. They interviewed John Guy as well . Ravens lost TE Dennis Pitta ,  Eagles lost WR Jeremy Maclin ,  but biggest camp injury so far is to Packers LT Bryan Bulaga . Browns also placed linebacker DQwell Jackson on injured reserve and signed wide receiver Sam Aiken . Eagles traded OL Alan Barbre to broncos for conditional 2019 7th round pick ,  per source . Great suggestion from @mattbarrows Seahawks CB Richard Sherman should change his license plates to UMADBRO  ? Kicker Jason Hanson finally healthy for Lions   otherwise team would not have just cut Billy Cundiff ,  as it did . But who's counting ...  RT @schellshocker16  Todd Collins will be 15th different starting QB in past 10 years for Bears ... 8th under Lovie . When so many have reasons to be thankful ,  please keep in mind the less fortunate . Link to The Salvation Army  . RT @RUSSLANDE I love SF drafting LaMichael James as he will bring to their offense what Darren Sproles brought to SD & NO . Lions WR Calvin Johnson returned to practice today ,  despite the foot injury that held him out Wednesday . Carry on ... RB Frank Gore broke his right ring finger vs SEA . OT Joe Staley suffered compound dislocation in thumb vs SEA . And Iupati and Bowman hurt . Miracle On Ice   30 years ago today . Eagles waived WR Dorial Green Beckham . Looks like Colts WR Anthony Gonzalez's latest knee surgery will sideline him another two to three weeks . Not yet ,  certainly not after a big road win . RT @petetheplanner @AdamSchefter are you ready to call JaMarcus a bust yet  ?  When the last NFL game was played in LA ,  Todd Gurley was four months old and Jared Goff was two months old . ESPN NFC North blogger Kevin Seifert said WR Percy Harvin could barely jog today and it's hard to see him playing versus the Packers.Ryan's &gt Hasselbeck's  . Not all hope lost for the NFL's winless Of the 177 teams that have started 0 2 since 1990 ,  22 have made the playoffs  12.4 percent .Coming on NFL32 at 6 pm ET on ESPN2 guest appearances from Ravens QB Joe Flacco and Giants TE Jake Ballard . Peyton Manning and Tom Brady each have one more full season left on their contract . They're going to sign richest deals in NFL history . RT @espnnfcnblog Doesn't look good for Lions DT Nick Fairley this week . Team signed DT Jovan Haye today ,  released CB Brandon McDonald . Correction Peyton Manning gets 120% of last year's salary . For those counting at home 17,466,666 salary in 2010 x 120%  20,959,999.20Eagles officially announced hiring of Chiefs offensive coordinator Doug Pederson as teams new head coach . Broncos deactivated LB Robert Ayers . And with Bill O'Brien staying ,  the stakes rise on Chip Kelly leaving . Patriots terminated the contract of former Pro Bowl guard Brian Waters ,  who was on ReserveDid Not Report List . Intriguing trade talks  . KC and Denver have combined to face just one team with a winning record this season the Broncos 39 33 loss to the Colts in Week 7.Texans' HC Bill O'Brien sounds upbeat on JJ Watt's status  . Anothe nominee RT @ballsdeepagain Week 3 of preseason Chicago @ Denver . You thought Orton heard a boo  ?  Wait till Cutler shows up . Jacoby Brissett gets start against Bills with Jimmy Garoppolo inactive . In for equality  ?  Pass it on  #LeanInTogether  . Cowboys and Lions only teams that hadn't drafted a QB since 2010   until today . Lions took UM''s Jake Rudock in Rd 6 ,  Cowboys Prescott in 4.RT @MikeReiss Danny Woodhead signed w Pats Sept . 18. Who knew he'd play more than any Pats RB two weeks later  ?  As @tunasweasel points out ,  what would have been Vegas odds that in week 6 ,  Jets would have more wins than ATL ,  WASH ,  NYG and PITT combined  ?  Another surprise Patriots cut New England is releasing wide receiver Brandon Tate . Cowboys' EVPCOO Stephen Jones told 105.3 in Dallas I don't see us using any picks to trade for veteran players. So there's that . Vincent was up for the NFLPA Exec . Director job that went to De Smith instead . So now Vincent has joined the NFL . Very interesting . Bears released DT Anthony Adams and TG Frank Omiyale . Cowboys placed DT Jay Ratliff on PUP.  Updated preseason football on ESPN ThursdayMonday nightsAug . 8 CINCY @ ATLAug . 15 SD @ CHICAug . 19 PITT @ WASHAug . 22 CAR @ BALT . RT @HensDaddy7 Who are your Superbowl Favorites  ?    ...  Not ready to pick yet . But like Texans ,  Pats ,  Pack ,  Eagles ,  Cowboys to name some . Andrews . Broncos gave HC Vance Joseph a 4 year deal ,  per source . Friday 10 Spot the wrecking ball Redskins ,  Jaws on Peyton ,  and the team to watch out for in the season's 2nd half . fella . Rob Gronkowski weighs in on the racial tensions facing our country ,  via @ClassActSports  ...  Former Chargers RB Chuck Muncie passed away of a heart attactk . RIP . Let's put this man with the Cubs ,  in the parade . Carolina is now on the clock . Who should the Panthers take with the No . 1 overall pick  ?  So for second straight Sunday ,  Titans' QB Marcus Mariota squares off against a fellow Heisman winner . First Winston ,  now Manziel . Former Chiefs HC Todd Haley visiting Jets today . Jets could team Tony Sparano as OC ,  Haley as asst HC ,  to repace Brian Schottenheimer . Eagles sign LB Emmanuel Acho from the New York Giants practice squad and release CB Shaun Prater . Jets CB Darrelle Revis and Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski will be on ESPN shows Weds for their involvement in EA Madden13   . So 4 ET has come and gone ,  which means Jets pay CB Darrelle Revis his 1 million roster bonus . Though Denver does not want to trade Brandon Marshall ,  it will take calls . Won't make them ,  but will take them . A 1 gets BM is my guess . Broncos' HC Gary Kubiak feeling better this am ,  still resting at local hosptial . Remains uncertain whether he will coach Thursday vs SD . RT @BuffaloWolf NOT the Dolphins  ?   ...  Not the Dolphins . Tyler Bray is headed to Kansas City to the Chiefs . Packers QB Aaron Rodgers is listed as probable ,  Packers LB Clay Matthews and OT Mark Tauscher are listed as doubtful . Raiders owner Mark Davis recently rejected HC Dennis Allen's request to give extensions to Oakland asst coaches in last year of their deal . Oh no ...  RT @TonyGrossi Rams QB Sam Bradford limping to locker room with two medical personnel . Adrian Peterson is INACTIVE . Brett Favre starts . Wow . Not a lot of room for him in Minnesota . RT @DJB2328 Do you think TJ Houshmanzadeh is regreting signing with Seattle over Minnesota  ?  Interesting that Denver allowing coaches to leave and 3 could wind up with HC jobs John Fox in CHIC ,  Adam Gase in SF ,  Jack Del Rio in OAK . Found the perfect shirt to wear for today's Wisconsin Michigan game  . Broncos HC Gary Kubiak diagnosed with a complex migraine condition that caused extreme fatigue and body weakness.49ers placed WR Bruce Ellington on the Injured Reserve List . With football news frozen ,  here's the next best thing Kim Kardashian and NJ Nets forward Kris Humphries now engaged . #MRtmz . An update on the Ezekiel Elliott investigation . Bears and Martellus Bennett's agent ,  Kennard McGuire ,  are working together to trade the tight end to an agreeable landing spot ,  per source . Packers now expected to bring back RB James Starks on a two year deal ,  per source deal considered imminent . you . Buccaneers traded CB Eric Wright to 49ers for a 2014 late round conditional pick ,  per ESPN's Josina Anderson . Miami is signing former Eagles G Danny Watkins ,  as @Rapsheet reported . Redskins announced today that they have signed free agent linebacker Chris Draft . Hard to imagine ,  but this is the first time DeMarcus Ware and Dak Prescott ever have met  . Heat down 12 ?  They're terrible  !  Chad Ochocinco is leaving Cincinnati . Chad Johnson is coming back . Ochocinco said he's changing his name back to Johnson . #whatsupwiththat . RT @espn Reports UCLA Bruins legend John Wooden ,  99 ,  gravely ill in hospital    . Watch SD with Manti Te'o ... just sayin . New England bulking up . Jets signed Devon Still ,  per source . 3 Days To Kill ,  starring Dez Bryant ,  Michael Crabtree ,  Alshon Jeffery  . #KnowThemFromAdam @KirkCousins8 on status with his franchise ,  whether he'd miss game for birth of child.LISTEN  . NFL's playoff picture   with you able to figure out your favorite team's chances   . Steelers released WRKR Jacoby Jones . This is up to Mike Glennon Bears have gone 31 seasons without a Pro Bowl QB ,  the longest active streak in the NFL by a decade ,  per Elias . Denver Broncos will start Brock Ostweiler at quarterback against Patriots and sit Peyton Manning for a second ...  Once again ,  Matt Cassel replaces Tom Brady   this time for the Pro Bowl . Once again ,  Cassel's coach will be Bill Belichick . Some blasts from past Packers worked out former standout running back Ahman Green ,  along with former Colts running back Dominic Rhodes . Bad word choice on Tank . RT @BigNeilD @AdamSchefter Tank Johnson and Cedric Benson get a shot at redemption Sunday . Do they have a shot  ?  Filed to ESPN Texans Rookie of the Year LB Brian Cushing is being suspended four games for violating NFL's steroids policy . More @ espn.comBears have agreed to terms with S Ryan Mundy on a two year contract ,  team announced . Former Cowboys cornerback Terrance Newman officially has agreed to terms with the Bengals . St . Louis traded wide receiver Greg Salas to the New England Patriots for a late round 2013 draft pick ,  according to sources . Busy day in St . Louis for former Giants WRs . RT @ProFootballTalk Mario Manningham is visiting the Rams tonight and tomorrow . A little taste of Michigan in New Jersey . Patriots signing former Browns LBDE Jabaal Sheard to a 2 year deal worth 11 million ,  per source ,  including 5.5 million guaranteed . NFLPA unanimously passed a resolution calling for NFL community to honor Veterans Day Moment of Silence Act during Sunday ,  Nov . 12th games . Javon Ringer ,  back injury ,  not serious . RT @BSargentOKC @AdamSchefter What was the trauma at Titans practice today  ?  Ambulances called  ?  According to NFL's new substance abuse policy ,  a player is fined for a third failed test . Another failed test would be a 4 game suspension . Numbers not precise but not far off Matthews deal worth about 65 million in new money ,  including about 31 million gtd . Jason Campbell benched . Coach's decision . Packers RB Eddie Lacy  concussion  did not practice . And surprise ,  surprise Tony Romo has replaced Brett Favre in the Pro Bowl . Official Geragos & Geragos statement ,  spelling out that the NFL did not invite Colin Kaepernick to attend todays m  . Some labor questions and answers from @ESPN's Lester Munson  . Rams placed RB Tre Mason ,  a no show for training camp ,  on ReserveDid Not Report List . Thanks 2 @WAD1980 @streethistory @themobilepoet @SaLDeMoLaY @FearThePanda @FFOasisMike @csamaru @AaronSmith26 @MikeConnelly @Notretsam . Outstanding  . RT @CLynch Trent or Claiborne at 4 for CLE  ?   ...  My guess today ,  Saturday ,  and I reserve right to change my mind ,  is Claiborne will be gone . RT @FuriousTigers Could you please clear up the Phillip Thomas situation  ?  Is he an Eagle or a Redskin  ?   ...  He's an Eagle . Giants won Super Bowl . Other three NFC East teams   Redskins ,  Cowboys ,  Eagles   all made bold trade up moves ,  in part to catch and pass NY . San Diego reached agreement with fifth round pick Jonathan Crompton on a standard rookie four year contract . Rodney Harrison on what he expects from the Jets ,  who open the season with games against the Ravens and Pats They will start 0 2.Jets LB Calvin Pace will undergo foot surgery Monday in North Carolina that could sideline him four to six weeks . More at ESPN.com . Despite the Colts' attempts to sign him over the past week ,  Colts TE Jack Doyle has plans to test free agent market ,  per source . Eagles QB Nick Foles threw seven touchdown passes against the Raiders ,  one more than than the six incomplete passes he threw . Real deal Five defensive starters from last season   Seymour ,  Bruschi ,  Vrabel ,  Harrison ,  Hobbs   no longer with the Pats . D in transition . RT @mortreport #Dolphins QB David Garrard is expected to undergo arthroscopic knee surgery soon ,  sources say . No projection on recovery . ESPN's Steve Young I suspect that by the end of the year we'll be saying ,  'Rex Grossman   Top 10 quarterback.' The 40 year old Favre just made the type of throw we've seen from him for 20 years . A bomb . To Sidney Rice . Vikes back in scoring range .  . Former Texans and Lions QB Dan Orlovsky has agreed to a one year deal with the LA Rams ,  per @JasonRomano . If Vikings reach NFC Championship Game this season ,  conditional 4th rd pick to Philly in 2018 becomes a 3rd . If Vikings win SB ,  becomes 2nd . And now Lions web site just tweeted Detroit has a five year deal with former Texans S Glover Quin . Glad they saw things my way .. RT @edb121 do they fill RCMH for draft  ?  Do they line up hours before  ?   ...  Total mob scene   and most are there for @mortreport's autograph . Dolphins have extended linebacker Koa Misis contract through the 2017 season . Victor Cruz would have counted for 9.4 million against Giants' salary cap . His release this afternoon will free up 7.5 million vs cap . Odd how questions about Brett Favre now revolve around his durability . But if Favre plays that way all season ,  Vikes will be tough to beat . Doctors are concerned that Ben Roethlisberger's rib injury could lead to more internal damage if he were to play Sunday . Packers director of college scouting John Dorsey turned down the chance to interview for the Colts general manager job . Bears OT J'Marcus Webb arrested Sunday and charged with possession of a controlled substance ,  cannabis and paraphernalia ,  per KFVS TV . Excuse me for going Sports Guy ,  but even on a night when Jeremy Lin was off ,  and they played last night ,  Knicks still win . Lincredible . Patriots also put in a waiver claim for former Bengals WR Armon Binns ,  who was awarded to Dolphins . Jeff Fisher and the Rams have reached agreement on a five year contract that will be signed Tuesday . Only NY's tabloids ...  Colts Packers injury report for Sunday'a game  . Wade on an expiring contract ...  Bill Polian informed Bills owner Terry Pegula that he will remain as ESPN NFL analyst for 2015 and beyond ,  per @mortreport . Griffin's recovery is projected at 6 to 8 months w rehabilitation that will focus on his quad strength to protect and help stabilize knee . Vikings WR Bernard Berrian is active and CB Antoine Winfield is not . Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger to have MRI on left knee . RT @Neece22Neece Why do players not like to be franchised  ?   ...  Tag restricts them from shopping services to highest bidder for longer deal . As he was visiting with the Jets ,  former Ravens TE Todd Heap reached agreement with the Arizona Cardinals on a two year deal . Cover of today's Super Bowl Program courtesy of @GamedayHQ ...  With Garrett Bolles going to Denver at No . 20 ,  this is the latest that the first OL has been drafted in common draft era  1967 .Last text I've received I wouldn't say there's a lot of hope from last things I've heard. Guess we'll see when De Smith speaks shortly . Cowboys gave OL La'el Collins a 2 year ,  16 million extension that makes him one of the higher paid RTs in game ,  as @MikeGarafolo reported . Today's NFL Live with conversations regarding Ezekiel Elliott's future and Dave Gettleman's firing . Gregg Williams has not applied to NFL for reinstatement but soon will . Williams has three year contract with Rams that has two years left . In response to deposition ,  Greg Schiano said I never saw any abuse ,  nor had reason to suspect any abuse ,  during my time at Penn State.Thoughts on Ryan Tannehill from @ProFootballDoc ,  who recommends reconstructive knee surgery . Aaron Rodgers broke his left collarbone in 2013 and missed seven games . This year he has broken his right collarbone . While NFL has suspended Pats' RB LeGarrette Blount for opener for violating Substances of Abuse Policy ,  no discipline for LeVeon Bell . Yet . The great Walter Cronkite was to news what Michael Jackson was to music . Two American icons gone a few weeks apart . Terrible . NFL announced Titans S Michael Griffin has been suspended without pay for one game for a repeat violation of NFL safety rules . Broncos HC John Fox has a 1 million bonus built into his contract for a Broncos SB victory ,  per a source familiar with the contract . Wow . RT @marcelluswiley Brandon Marshall saved nearly 4 million dollars in taxes signing with Dolphins instead of other interested teams . Unsettling  . OT D'Brickashaw Ferguson's deal had two years remaining . He now is under contract to the Jets for eight years and 73.6 million . Very quickly ,  the Steelers are rebuilding and repairing their offensive line . RT @timmiller135 so you'd pay 3million for a compensatory pick  ?   ...  If my team had a chance ,  I'd want Moss playing on it . Forget the pick . Good news 1M in equipment grants available 4 youth & HS fb programs thru @USAFootball . Apply for grants up to 1K  . NFL statement on how Dolphins handled Matt Moore injury vs . Steelers  . Jaguars defensive coordinator Mel Tucker turned down an offer from the Minnesota Vikings to remain in Jacksonville as the DC . Tim Tebow signed a two year contract with the Patriots that included no guaranteed money . Touring assisted living facilities today with my Nanny Blanche . Have seen a 107 year old ,  a 106 and a 103. God bless them . And with the 52nd overall pick in the second round ,  the Browns draft a QBNotre Dame's DeShone Kizer . 49ers TE Vernon Davis signed a 5 year extension ,  making him highest paid TE in NFL history . Deal includes 23 mil gtd ,  37 mil total . Kudos to @NFLFilms and @HBO on an outstanding Hard Knocks series . Watched and enjoyed every show . Well done to all who worked on it . It now looks as if Falcons WR Roddy White will play today but official word due within next 45 minutes . RT @Derface9821 Are the redskins going to resign london fletcher  ?   ...  Would like to . And he might be the best available free agent . RT @gordon770 Who's your 1st overall fantasy pick for next season rite now  ?   ...  Mmm ,  good one . Maybe Arian Foster or Cam Newton . Whopper of a deal ...  Don't mean to be wet blanket ,  but here's what someone in know said about Fed Mediator stepping in to help NFLNFLPA Likely won't help.Rest in peace RT @BusterESPN Christina Taylor Green ,  a 9 year old ,  touched lives before being killed Saturday   . Roger Goodell sent memo to NFL teams Saturday ,  requesting moment of silence before each game this weekend for tragedy in Paris ,  per sources . Philadelphia released last year's third round pick ,  defensive end Bryan Smith ,  who might be better suited at linebacker in a 3 4 defense . 1 Richie Incognito left this VM for Jonathan Martin in April 2013 Hey ,  wassup ,  you half n    piece of  expletive  ... Titans clinched No . 2 overall pick ... so it's Tampa ,  then Tennessee ... Bills requested HC interview with Browns OC Kyle Shanahan ,  per team source . Jaguars are releasing kicker Jason Myers and signing former Chargers kicker Josh Lambo ,  per source . All knew this was coming but it's still hard to believeRegular season kicks off two weeks from tonight ... A fitting Werder welcome . RT @mikeinfante75 @Edwerderespn you're the MAN ,  Ed  !  Welcome . Hey where's Favre at this very moment  ?  Thursday Blitz predictions for 2015 off season.Bengals' TE Tyler Eifert officially listed with a backankle on today's injury report . So he now has a back issue in addition to his ankle . Marshawn Lynch is getting a two year deal from the Raiders ,  per source . And @JayGlazer  has reported Eagles' interest in ND HC Brian Kelly as well . Lions announced they have hired former Patriots coach Harold Nash Jr . as head strength and conditioning coach . Follows Bob Quinn . Bryce Harper now on pace to hit 324 HRs this season ... Other candidates Randy Lerner is considering Ernie Accorsi ,  Rich McKay and Ron Wolf . But it is expected to be Holmgren's job to turn down . A look at the NFL player tweets of the week . RT @espnafcsouth Welcome to the NFL Twindex    . If Jets do need a QB ,  they won't be looking into former Texan Ryan Mallet . If they need a QB ,  they will explore other options . Jets' CB Dee Milliner hurt a tendon in his right wrist and will undergo surgery today . He is expected to miss six to eight weeks . Don't sleep on te Steelers . It's hell month . RT @nitrousrao Were the Steelers playoff chances ended by losing the Baltimore Ravens  ?  Titans consider WR Rishard Matthews ,  questionable for Sundays game vs Colts with a hamstring injury ,  a pre game decision . Details on pending suspension for Broncos LB Von Miller   . RT @TheeJB Who is Carolina lookin at for possible HC  ?   ...  On to second round of interviews . Chargers DC Ron Rivera sounds well positioned . Detroit Denver deal . Trade was in place on Wednesday . Denver looking to upgrade D . Jaguars fans now shipping trash cans to Texans Jadeveon Clowney over his comments on Blake Bortles . Other teams that inquired about Carson Palmer's availability dating back to last summer Miami ,  San Francisco ,  Seattle ,  Arizona . Sitting inside Redskins facility ,  watching film of Jason Campbell . Obvious He's going to be more comfortable in Zorn's offense this year . Vince Wilfork ,  35 ,  thinking retirement . Broncos LT Ryan Clady is expected to miss at least a few weeks with a Lisfranc foot sprain . RT @rotoe31 @AdamSchefter Only around Pittsburgh do teachers not give homework to kids when there is a monday nite Steelers game  !  This was written almost one month ago ,  before these last minute CBA talks . Still holds true today . Please read No . 10. With Harvard graduates in their front office ,  Browns very interested in Baltimore's Pro Bowl Harvard FB Kyle Juszczyk ,  per sources . Forrest Lamp probably would have won Chargers' starting RG job . Now ,  with a torn ACL ,  his season is over and it's time for LA to move on . Holiday spirit RT @BParker21 If anyones family doesn't have a turkey for thurs ,  DM me . Still have turkeys left to give away  !  Be blessed . Keep in mind ,  NFL contacted Saints before these playoffs and basically told them to stop bounties . Saints didn't take warnings seriously . RT @nancygay Doctors worked more than 7 hours to save Chad Jones' leg .  Keep him in your thoughts . Patriots officially list Rob Gronkowski's injury as a chest issue . He did not practice Wednesday . That's interesting  . Former Bears HC Lovie Smith is considered the favorite for the Buccaneers HC job ,  based on multiple league sources .  . NFL says it is reviewing allegations involving Brett Favre ,  who Deadspin says sent racy messages and photos to a former sideline reporter . 3. Incognito VM to Martin  I'm going to  slap your  expletive  mouth .  I'm going to  slap your real mother across the face  laughter .And props to @jmbacon and @FeldyCSN for being out in front on Jim Harbaugh news . Michigan is getting its man . Pittsburgh concussion doctors report that Brian Westbrooks symptoms have improved significantly over the last three days . New deal and new name in Philly . RT @Eagles And yes ,  it is Demetress not Demetrius . In last hour before trade deadline ,  Niners are team to watch . They've been working phones on back part of their roster . An update on free agent WR Plaxico Burress is now on Twitter from his agent ,  Drew Rosenhaus ,  @RosenhausSports . Torrey Smith is one of seven children of Monica Chante Jenkins . A story from Dec . 26 ,  2010 Washington Post that talks   . Rams draft Oregon St . QB Sean Mannion in round 3. So this off season Rams have added Nick Foles ,  Case Keenum and Mannion . Rams deactivated their first round pick ,  Robert Quinn . Interesting idea . RT @trevornewsome24 @AdamSchefter titans should get brady quin  !  KC's WR TD less streak dating back to week 14 of 2013 season now over . Latest NFL schedule release in memory . But schedule maker now has extra time to adjust for McNabb and Redskins ,  and Marshall and Dolphins . New Orleans likes the Alex Brown acquisition . RT @DrewBrees4MVP YEE HAW  !   SAINTS ARE GONNA TWO DAT  !  DeAngelo Williams on Cowboys They dont ever show up during the playoffs . They always disappear in the playoffs.Peter Berg ,  who did first 30 for 30 ,  working on new open for MNF . Concept spans 44 yr . history of MNF from ...  Floyd Little's presenter and son ,  Marc ,  has been the most eloquent and powerful speaker of the night . The WR combine workout comparables from @numberFire and @nikbonaddioMike Williams2010 Eric Decker Round 3 ,  ...  And the sense around the league is that Rams OC Pat Shurmur is the favorite to land Cleveland's HC job . 49ers placed T Tony Pashos on the Injured Reserve List . Pashos suffered a fractured scapula in Sundays game at Houston . Wade Phillips didn't find out he was gone until maybe 10 minutes ago . Jerry Jones thought to be talking to Wade right now . #realtimeworld . RT @Rep1Sports Agent Ryan Tollner's statement  Colt Brennan  . Details on why USC QB Matt Barkley will not throw at this week's combine .  Carolina and RB DeAngelo Williams reached agreement on a five year ,  43 million deal that includes 21 million in guaranteed money . Eagles agreed to terms on 4 year extension w Trent Cole through 2017.Giants placed TE Daniel Fells on season ending injured reserve and signed WR Myles White off their practice squad . Packers gave CB Sam Shields a 2nd round tender . In life ,  things change  . Turns out the Rams traded a conditional 2012 pick to 49ers for WR Isaac Bruce . The condition is he plays this season ,  which he won't . Lions WR Calvin Johnson said today he needs rest for his high ankle sprain . Named plaintiffs almost always get compensation for their stand ,  and Logan Mankins will want his . Just don't know specifics of request yet . RT @FauxJohnMadden Peyton Manning is so good at wiping out deficits that President Obama should give him a cabinet position  !  Packers activated LB Frank Zombo from PUP ,  Eagles did same with DT Mike Patterson . Larry Johnson's appeal will be filed today hearing will be either Monday or Tuesday if the two sides can't reach settlement before then . Filed to ESPN Panthers WR Steve Smith broke his arm playing defensive back during a flag football game at his football camp this weekend . Browns official on team's reported interview of former Ohio State HC Jim Tressel Totally false . A lot of BS coming out about us.RT @millrtime30 What about potential offers of #7 ,  #38 ,  a player and a 2011 1st from Cleveland for #1 ?   ...  Might get it done   might . Vascular surgeons are trying to save Bears TE Zach Miller's leg ,  not just his career ,  per @mortreport . Michael Vick eligible to play in 3rd week . Roger Goodell just announced it . Eagles withwithout OT Lane Johnson in the starting lineup the past 2 seasons With 9 2 W L ,  27.5 PPG Without 2 8 W L ,  20.1 PPG . 3 players in their first year of eligibility were named finalists for Pro Football Hall of Fame Brett Favre ,  Terrell Owens ,  Alan Faneca . DeMarco Murray's deal with Eagles is expected to be 5 years ,  42 million ,  including 21 million guaranteed ,  per @mortreport and I . RT @RossTuckerNFL Seems like the only question at this point is whether or not Brad Childress will pick Randy Moss up at the airport . One of the more interesting Sunday stats against the Seahawks ,  Rams RB Zac Stacy did not touch the ball once . Today marks the Giants 31st playoff appearance ,  the most by any team in NFL history . Plenty ahead on Sunday NFL Countdown from 10 1 on ESPN . NFL informed all teams today that this year's salary cap will be set at 143,280,000 per club ,  per source . Patriots knew they had to get out quick on Cincy as Bengals ,  like the Chiefs ,  are one one of the NFL's best front running teams . And did . So the NY Giants add an RB ,  Shaun Draughn ,  who scored 6 TDs last season . More RB depth for Giants . Bengals QB Andy Dalton ,  DT Geno Atkins and TE Jermaine Gresham were added today to the AFC squad for next Sundays Pro Bowl . Chiefs Broncos combined win pct of .944  17 1  is highest for a game this late in a season since 1969 ,  when 11 0 Rams played 10 1 Vikings . Monday Night Countdown tonight will feature a skit with the former CBS team of Brent Musburger ,  Phyllis George ,  and Irv Cross . No surprise ,  but Bengals' HC Marvin Lewis told @RossTuckerNFL and @SECbooger it's unlikely Andy Dalton will play next week vs . Denver . Aaron Curry latest 1st rd pick to sign ...  RT @adross77 Congrats 2 Aaron Curry who is headed to practice after signing a 6 yr deal . at dinner with old friend ,  @illwalk . Everyone should have his upbeat ,  determined ,  positive outlook . RT @MyMikesKlean What u think the @jaguars going to do  ?   ...  Many think pass rusher ,  which is possible . But don't dismiss a WR . Before last year's trade deadline ,  Falcons tried to deal for Dunta Robinson . Now they can make a deal for him   without surrendering pick . Titans announced they reached agreements on one year deals with WR Kevin Walter and OL Chris Spencer . Final numbers on Eli Manning Giants deal 4 year ,  84 million extension that includes 65 million in guaranteed money . 5 yr total 101.5M . Tom Brady breaks his silence and responds on Facebook  . Former Giants WR Steve Smith announced today that he will retire after six seasons in the NFL . RT @LovinBlue Terminate is a pretty strong word  !   ...  You're right . It's the word the team used in its release . My bad in not changing it . RT @giantspathanlon Kenny Phillips  knee  has been placed on injured reserve Giants awarded S Aaron Rouse off waivers from Green Bay . Browns last win on a Sunday was Dec . 13 ,  2015 ,  when Johnny Manziel led them to a 24 10 win over the 49ers . Havent  . Pre Thanksgiving Blitz Cowboys getting ready to take on the Eagles and December.Hard as it is to believe ,  people familiar with JaMarcus Russell believe this could be a blessing   the worst might have been averted . Bengals named QB coach Ken Zampese their new offensive coordinator . As of round 5 ,  there has been strength in numbersBrowns have drafted 4 WRs.Lions have drafted 3 OL.Panthers have drafted 3 CBs . Michigan TE Jake Butt tore his ACL during Friday nights Orange Bowl loss and will need to undergo surgery ,  per source close to school . An ugly we'll take it win on Saturday night allows Michigan to charge on to Monday night . #HailToTheVictors . Gary Kubiak on Arian Foster Is it a must for him to be ready to go against San Diego and help his team win  ?  No ,  I dont think it is.Browns downgraded the following four players to Out on their Saturday  926  injury report  K Phil Dawson  right calf  OL Rex Hadnot  ... Steelers QB Landry Jones carted off with left foot injury . Time for Ben Roethlisberger . After a flight delay of over four hours ,  which will change their itinerary tonight ,  Colts finally are boarding their flight for NJ and MNF . Consultant Bill Parcells has packed his bags and moved out of Dolphins offices . Miami knew this move was coming ,  just not this soon . Buccaneers are talking with at least three teams about moving back in 1st round ,  and maybe even out of first round altogether ,  per source . One source close to Andy Reid insisted deal w Cards not close . Another source said Cards search open and no leading candidate at this time . Taking Dawg Pound to the extreme Cleveland Browns will use a live dog as a mascot next season . Update Texans WR DeAndre Hopkins did not report to training camp . He now will be subject to fines of 40,000 for each day missed . SalPal reported Michael Vick gathered together a handful of Eagles today at a South New Jersey school for some workouts . #birdwatching . Jay Gruden has agreed to become the next head coach of the Washington Redskins ,  per league source . Dolphins announced they officially reached agreement with Mike Tannenbaum to become Executive VP of Football Operations . Not that there was any question ,  but Raiders kicker Sebastian Janikowsi traveled to Buffalo and will kick today vs the Bills . Postseason games should be included in Brett Favre's consecutive game streak . In which case he has played 321 straight games ,  not 297.Redskins announced an independent neurologist has cleared quarterback Robert Griffin III to play for Saturdays game at Baltimore . One reason Arizona gave Patrick Peterson a 5 yr ,  70M deal Herm Edwards said Tues that Peterson has best ball skills of any CB since Deion . Myrtle Winston ,  grandmother of Bucs QB Jameis Winston ,  dies at age 70 . RT @MattPomPom NFL Playoff Overtime Since 1958 ,  only 5 of 27  18.5%   were won on 1st possesion ,  BUT 19 of 27  70.4%  were won by FGs . Former Bears DE Adewale Ogunleye signed with the Houston Texans . RT @OsiUmenyiora AttnAll L.T ,  NYG ,  NFL FANS  !  If i get 1million followers ,  i will buy L.T's ring back and give it  ...  Couple bids 100,000 to charity to spend day with Tim Tebow ... Here are the details . Florida QB Tim Tebow has not yet made any decision about whether to attend next week's draft in NYC . He will decide by Friday . RT @RGIII Your positive vibes and prayers worked people  !  To God be the Glory  !  Antonio Cromartie welcomed twins on Sunday ,  his 11th and 12 children ...  Jaguars signed former Ravens safety Dawan Landry and former Jets cornerback Drew Coleman . Pressure on Bears HC Lovie Smith mounting . Now Chicago columnist @MorrisseyCST calling for his ouster   . RT @tomecurran Barkley after T.O . showed on TNT All Star coverage . I didn't know T.O . was still alive . Nobody watch the Buffalo Bills.I'm told he's probable for Sunday . RT @espn President Obama receives 12 stitches for basketball injury    . Whereas they dressed 11 DBs last Sunday ,  Jets expected to dress only 10 today they're expecting a heavy dose of Rashard Mendenhall . Packers RB Johnathan Franklin confirms a neck injury has ended his NFL career   just like that.RT @JFrank2308 ...  RT @ESPNNFLNation Jacobs out for Giants ,  Cox to make first start  . Mike Tomlin on Martavis Bryant Hes not available via trade.Just like everyone expected Lions ,  49ers and Bills are now a combined 13 2.Just watched and loved ESPN's next 30 for 30 series ,  Elway to Marino ,  narrated by Tom Selleck ,  debuts at 8 pm on Tuesday ,  April23 on ESPN . Eagles CB Ronald Darby wont need season ending surgery for his dislocated ankle ,  per @mortreport . Brett Favre knew the key to Minnesota's victory Our run game ...  and then he caught himself . Our Adrian Peterson was very good today.RT @ProLinkSports Jon Gruden on Florida Tuskers sideline tonight ,  checking out UFL . His brother Jay is Tuskers offensive coordinator . Text from person not financially connected to DJax Known DeSean since he was born . Over 25 years DeSean is NOT affiliated w any La gangs.RT @mortreport    Chris Simms will start for the Broncos ,  as expected . Rams DE Robert Quinn ,  questionable for Sunday vs Dolphins due to illness ,  is expected to play ,  per source . Chiefs gave S Eric Berry a six year ,  78 million deal that includes 40 million guaranteed and a 20 mil signing bonus ,  per  source . Patriots signed former Chargers safety Steve Gregory . RT @92SWard52 With HOU changing their D what will Mario Williams do  ?  Would he stay a down lineman  ?   ...  He'll rush as a DE or a LB . Former Bucs DE Michael Bennett agrees to terms on a 1 year 5 million deal with the Seahawks ,  as @ProFootballTalk reported . And yet more thanks to fellow members of the Twitterverse @nbadino @stanrodda @DP1021 @Sportsguy1 . Got lotso tweets inquiring about my condition from those who saw Sportscenter this am . I'm no different than Bills and Raiders . I choked . Condolences to @DeAngeloRB ,  who lost his mother Sandra Hill today to breast cancer . Her cancer returned 2 weeks ago . No new deal for Rams DT Aaron Donald at this time ,  but the two sides will keep working towards one ,  per source . So Sunday's starting QBs could well include Cleveland's Connor Shaw ,  Arizona's Logan Thomas ,  Houston's Case Keenum . RT @SportsCenter THIS JUST IN Tony Romo's X rays show no structural damage to QB's ribs . He is expected to play Week 2 vs . Kansas City . RT @espnnfcnblog Adrian Peterson has hired high profile attorney Rusty Hardin to represent him after arrest . Hardin was Clemens attorney . So now Rams have LB James Laurinaitis under contract through 2017 and DE Chris Long under contract through 2016. Foundation in place . Dolphins said Laremy Tunsil had an allergic reaction and will not be appearing at today's previously scheduled press conference . In related Detroit news ,  Lions interviewed Kyle O'Brien ,  the Jaguars director of college Scouting for Director of Player personnel job . Latavius Murray's ankle condition was made known to teams in free agency . He injured it early last season against ...  Love the Texans on TV . So many worthy storylines . People will really like that team . Browns and Patriots have played twice in past five years   it has not gone as you'd think ,  per ESPN stats & info . 2 5.RT @BeevLeeJay @AdamSchefter @bestbuddies  275.    ...  Nice . Do i hear 300 ? Friday 10 Spot Russ Grimm in Carolina ?  ,  the WR the Jets can't keep ,  Randy Moss minus New England ,  and more . A form of well done Three teams   Houston ,  Washington ,  New England   went on the road ,  on a short four day week ,  and came away with a W . Eagles announce they have signed former Packers LB Brad Jones to a two year contract . The guaranteed money on Michael Vick's brand spanking new ,  6 year ,  100 million contract is about 40 million . Depending on his conditioning ,  Patriots newly activated WR Brandon LaFell should play at least half the plays today . Bears RB Jordan Howard suffered corneal abrasion in walk thru today . Did not travel to AZ . Injury considered minor . RIP RT @mortreport Also want to share Tom Friend's tributeobit to Gary Wichard ,  whose funeral is today in Calif   . While MJD is a no show for mandatory minicamp ,  two CBs who did show Darrelle Revis and Mike Jenkins . Good point . After tonight ,  two teams positioned for help RT @ProFootballTalk Vikes ,  Saints will get first crack at unsigned vested veterans . Matt Garza threw fifth no hitter this season . It's first no hitter in Rays franchise history ,  though they've been no hit twice this year . Broncos CB Aqib Talib is appealing his two game suspension for unsportsmanlike conduct and unnecessary roughness ,  per source . Pro Bowl center Andre Gurode's new one year deal with the Ravens could be worth up to 3 million . Son of Raiders' GM Reggie Mckenzie ,  top OT recruit @Jalenmckenzie  ,  now has committed to USC . Broncos QB news that doesn't involve You Know Who Kyle Orton left practice early Thursday is about to become a dad ,  if he hasn't already . Panthers RB Jonathan Stewart out Sunday vs . Atlanta . Cardinals signed 2010 4th rd pick ,  Wisconsin LB OBrien Schofield to a 4 year contract . Would have been higher pick were it not for injury . Remaining QBs have combined to win 7 SBs  Brady   4 ,  Roethlisberger   2 ,  Rodgers   1  ,  most on any Championship weekend since 1970 Merger . RT @DoctorDoom any idea who is starting at QB in Ten  ?   ...  As of 10 minutes ago ,  they still didn't know . Gametime decision ,  VY or Kerry . Cartoon of the week thoughts  ?  Waiting for Redskins to finish out this draft with Nebraska's Dave Rimington ,  Mike Rozier and Trev Alberts  which Mel Kiper would love .Rams' rookie TE Gerald Everett on he and Tyler Higbee I feel like we could be better than the Redskins tight ends ,  if I can say that.RT @TheRedzoneorg Source Charlie Weis called every Chiefs play Sunday   . Hard to pinpoint specific teams interested in Kevin Kolb ,  but every NFC West team except St . Louis has to consider him and deal with Eagles . Cardinals DB Tyrann Mathieu did tear his ACL ,  a league source confirmed ,  as Arizona feared . So now ,  with the first pick in round 2 ,  Giants draft Alabama S Landon Collins .  Very un Giants like to trade up .Cowboys LB DeMarcus Ware ,  who sprained his neck against the San Diego Chargers ,  is expected to miss at least one game . He won't play vs N.O . For the second straight day ,  Albert Haynesworth will not take the conditioning test . For fourth straight day ,  he won't practice . Redskins WR Desean Jackson expected to miss three to four weeks with strained hamstring ,  per source . Well ,  if there were any questions about the Buccaneers using the No . 1 overall pick on a QB ,  there are none now . 49ers placed DL Tank Carradine on Injured Reserve List and signed LB Mark Nzeocha from Cowboys practice squad . Former Cardinals TE Jermaine Gresham on way to visit Bears ,  who are shopping Martellus Bennett . Bills owner Terry Pegula says 'no truth to this dysfunctional talk' . Where Tony Romo could play in 2017 . Great message ...  Anthony Davis of the 49ers has retired from the NFL today . Here is his statement       After a few years of ...  Thought Michigan would hire him ,  and should have RT @duckfacekilla hey adam  !  you think Cincys coach brian kelly will be here much longer  ?  Broncos QB Mark Sanchez injured left thumb in weight room Thursday ,  underwent surgery Saturday ,  will miss a few OTAs ,  as @MikeKlis reported . In complete agreement with Charles Barkley Donovan McNabb is highly underrated and vastly underappreciated . RT @RapSheet Asked Belichick what staff did Weds . Pony rides ,  canoeing ,  bowling ,  badminton tournaments. Awesome .  Totally about Jets.Oregon QB Marcus Mariota will announce today that he is indeed foregoing his senior season to enter 2015 NFL Draft ,  per @mortreport . Big day for Kate and @SIPeterKing both giving birth   Peter to @TheMMQB . Best wishes to him  and Kate .Bengals announced former Raiders HC Hue Jackson will be their new assistant coach ,  helping secondary and special teams . Matt Cassel not playing today ,  Brodie Croyle expected to start . Dolphins' S Reshad Jones will be out for the season . CB Chris Culliver slated to practice for first time this year ,  per sources . Rams on Stedman Bailey We have spoken with Stedman and he is in the hospital in critical ,  but stable ,  condition. Shot twice in head . RT @Scottyko88 What time does the schedule come out  ?  #cannotwait #perksoftoday .  ...  8 pm . ESPN2. Enjoy . So Saturday shapes up as a QB day Connor Cook ,  Dak Prescott ,  Kevin Hogan ,  Cardale Jones ,  Brandon Allen ,  Nate Sudfeld all still on board . Texans traded QB Case Keenum back to the St . Louis Rams for a 7th round pick in 2016 ,  per league sources . Trent Williams and Jammal Brown can play either OT position . But plan will be to start with Williams at LT and Brown at RT . Could change . Bears announced they claimed K Roberto Aguayo off waivers and placed WR Rueben Randle on Injured Reserve . Giants giving former Jets WR Brandon Marshall a two year ,  12 million deal ,  per source . Jets have Curtis Martin serving as an honorary captain and the Colts are going with Edgerrin James and U.S . Army soldier Sammy Davis . Here's a team considering Hard Knocks in 2014 the San Diego Chargers ...  Police Bills' IK Enemkpali hit a man he thought was woman in 2011 ...  Cardinals are releasing veteran K Jay Feely ,  per source . NY athletes who now have thrown perfect games Don Larsen ,  David Wells ,  David Cone and ... Geno Smith . Hmmm ...  RT @MikeReiss Patriots add rib to Tom Brady's name on the injury report . Brady does not practice for the second day in a row . Packers HC Mike McCarthy said slim to none chance Aaron Rodgers plays Thanksgiving vs . Detroit . The judge hearing arguments on the NFL's motion to dismiss linebacker Jonathan Vilma's lawsuit seeking to overturn his  . Some fantasy football tips to follow up on this holiday weekend RT @MatthewBerryTMR My new top 200 for football  . The RB market RT @toddarcher Source Darren McFadden's 2 year deal worth up to 5.85 million . Receives 200,000 bonus . RT @edelash are you pumped for your first ESPN NFL draft marathon  ?   ...  Beyond words . Woke up this am all fired up . Feels like Dec . 21.Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski underwent surgery this am . Team uncertain exactly how long he will be out ,  but one source s  . Elvis Dumervil's attorney ,  Harvey Steinberg ,  on his client's arrest this weekend No charges have been filed . No aggr  . RT @frenchfry76 Plus Killebrew losing his fight against cancer .  ...  And also Bill Gallo ,  Mel Queen ,  Bill Bergesch gone . Long sad week . Luke Kuechly expected to be first BC LB ever selected in 1st round of NFL Draft . Last BC LB to go in first three rounds was Bill Romanowski . Let the games begin Forty eight hours before their game ,  the Dolphins claim former Jets OT Patrick Brown on waivers . Still learning to use it and will be forever challenged but caved and opened Instagram account   . CFL extends window to allow Johnny Manziel possibility of playing for Hamilton Tiger Cats ...  Vikings say Adrian Peterson will not return tonight due to a knee injury . Most rewarding part of week has been seeing the new avatar for @Jonathanstewar1. Double Trouble has a sidekick . Vikings announced they placed RB Jerick McKinnon on injured reserve . More on Denver's Gary Kubiak likely leaving his Broncos HC job ...  Steelers officials have not been told anything about Ben Roethlisberger having a separated shoulder . They have been told it is sprained . Jaguars will release WR Mohamed Massaquoi today . Saints LB Stephone Anthony ,  who suffered leg injury last week ,  could miss couple weeks but absolutely expected back by opener ,  per source . Colts list TE Dwayne Allen ,  OT Gosder Cherilus and CB Greg Toler as out for Sunday's game vs . Jacksonville . Rams officially placed DE Robert Quinn on IR . One of league's top pass rushers out for season . Retweet for Free entry into a 100,000 #FantasyFootball Contest . RT and enter promo code SCHEFTER #DraftKingsFree100K . Peyton Manning now has a 9 9 playoff record . Make of this what you will . Tony Sparano is Jets new OC . Tony Soprano is at most Jets home games . Sparano and Soprano . Bucs promoted former Eagles WR Josh Huff to active roster . Giants LB Antonio Pierce never will be so happy to talk to media as he will today . Presser after practice . So as expected  four months ago  ,  Jets and Ryan Fitzpatrick reach agreement on 1 year deal ,  per sources . Fitz is back  or never left .Philip Rivers is third quarterback in NFL history to pass for at least 3,500 yards in 10 consecutive seasons ,  joini  . Calvin Johnson has 8,740 receiving yards through 100 career games ,  second most in NFL history behind Lance Alworth's 9,019.RT @rza1203 is that the trade you eluded to  ?   ...  Yup . Probably would have happened yesterday ,  too ,  if it weren't for big shot Shaun Rogers . Condolences to Raiders HC Dennis Allen ,  whose father died Monday night from heart problems that hospitalized him last week . 49ers HC Jim Harbaugh on WR Anquan Boldin A plus ,  plus . The most special practice player Ive ever seen . None better than him.As @MelKiperESPN just said on ESPN's Monday Night Countdown ,  NFL Draft is in exactly 150 days . Josh Gordon is bigger ,  faster ,  stronger than former Baylor teammate Kendall Wright . As far as supplemental drafts go ,  he is a rare talent . How's this for early If the 49ers beat Baltimore ,  and the Seahawks lose to Washington ,  SF clinches the NFC West . Coughlin decided to step down before Giants asked if he wanted to stay ,  per source . Coughlin will remain active ,  open to listening to teams . Miami's Jared Odrick has a hairline fracture in his leg and was told by noted doctor Robert Anderson that he would be out two weeks . Ezekiel Elliott is next eligible to return Dec . 24 against the Seattle Seahawks . RT @SportsCenter Crazy Stat of Day Jay Cutler is making 22.5 million this year ,  more than Wilson ,  Luck ,  Rodgers ,  Newton ,  Sanchez COMBINED . Heading into tonight ,  Carson Palmer has thrown 6 interceptions in 56 attempts ,  twice as many as Aaron Rodgers has thrown in 265 attempts . As it turns out ,  NOT just the NY Post . Both NY tabloids . So correction only NY's tabloids ...  Some of the details of Zorn's firing and what's next for Washington . Most Watched NBA Game in ABC History Record 30.8 Million Viewers for NBA Finals Game 7   ESPN MediaZone  . Mort and I on ESPN talking about ... Seahawks pursuit of Pete Carroll . NFL is aware of the charges against Jets WR Braylon Edwards and plans to be reviewing them to see if they warrant any discipline . Giants kicker Josh Brown detailed domestic violence in documents . Interesting situation regarding Washington's QB and Kirk Cousins' future   with plenty at stake for both sides . San Francisco 49ers today announced they have waived K Billy Cundiff . Eagles made Kelly one of 10 highest paid NFL coaches ,  giving him a 5 yr deal worth right around 32.5 million ,  an average of 6.5m per year . Panthers HC Ron Rivera told @JosinaAnderson that he expects TE Greg Olsen to play about 30 plays today vs . the Jets . Continuing and capping a brutal Sunday ,  Chiefs WR Chris Conley ruptured his Achilles and is out for the year . Great RT @LesBowen Am told entire Reid family ,  including kids ,  rode team bus over to Met Life from hotel to be together for Andy's finale . Hung up with one of Thomas' friends ,  who insisted that people who initially reported the death were off base . How ,  I don't know . But were . Big thanks 2 @FF101 @xeni2u @khudak11 @ScottFarkus @StuJames @Sowle24 @girliesportsfan @joncarroll @Fabuloso215 @mattnack @YourBroncosZone . Broncos have promoted their QB coach Bill Musgrave t offensive coordinator ,  per source . Former OC Mike McCoy has be  . Saints RB CJ Spiller officially active . Saints still have big plans for Mark Ingram and Khiry Robinson . There will be two hour SC Special on NFL schedule release beginning at 8 p.m . ET on ESPN  ...  it moves to ESPN2 at 9 p.m . ET . If Colt McCoy's neck is not OK this week ,  Redskins will start RGIII . RT @SMcCool34 Any Revis news  ?   ...  Going to SF or not . Going to ATL or not . Trade imminent or not . Let's just sit back and wait and see . Pats LB Derrick Burgess was reinstated to active roster and DL Ty Warren was placed on injured reserve with a hip injury . Season over . Wow . Broncos RB Montee Ball will undergo an appendectomy today but is expected to be ready for regular season opener vs . Colts ,  per source . Eagles today announced they have traded T Winston Justice and a 6th round draft choice to the Colts for a 6th round draft choice . RT @bakler5 What are chances someone gives up 2 firsts and offers Manning a contract  ?   ...  Can't . He's an exclusive franchise player . Oakland loses ,  Denver backs in . So on wild card weekend ,  Denver hosts Pittsburgh and Houston hosts Cincinnati . Raiders QB Matt Schaub restructured deal with OAK ,  lowering base salary and cap # this year still can earn 15 20M the next two seasons . Thanksgiving is one of the best days of the year ,  but it always has condensed what already is a busy work week into an even busier one . Denver will take WR Demryius Thomas in NE's turn #nfldraft . NFL Competition Committee will have conference call Tuesday to try to figure out what to do about Cowboys low hanging scoreboard . Complex . RT @scottfujita99 More info about GLEASON GRAS ... today at Champion's Square  . Mort's coaches Del Rio   toss up Mangini   Toss up Jeff Fisher   Safe ,  but John Fox   safe Wade Phillips   leaning safe Zorn   out . Two of us disagree RT @RobRang Disagree strongly but growing consensus that Alabama RB Mark Ingram is going to slip right out of 1st round . Today is not the day for the NFL's decision and announcement on any potential Ezekiel Elliott discipline . Ouch Colts DB Jamie Silva tore his anterior cruciate ligament Sunday vs . San Francisco and will be out for the season . Chris Johnson's four year ,  53.5 million extension is tacked on to two years he had remaining . Johnson now under contract through 2016.Off the beaten track Kudos to whoever makes the oatmeal at ESPN . Had it this morning for the first time and it wasn't good   it was great . Chiefs LB Tamba Hali inactive today.Bills CB Ronald Darby inactive.As is Dolphins C Mike Pouncey and WR Rishard Matthews . Ken Whisenhunt announced Marcus Mariota is out Sunday . Zach Mettenberger starts Sunday . Speaking of QB ratings ,  Mark Sanchez finished 18 of 31 for 272 yards ,  one TD and one INT ,  for an 84.4 rating . Best 84.4 in a while . RT @DrewLitton Attn New Orleans Saints Fans . !  Here's a Commemorative Cartoon for you now online at  . Seahawks' GM being very public and candid regarding Richard Sherman trade talks ...  Somehow have in my brackets Denver ,  New England ,  Seattle and San Francisco advancing to the Final Four . Despite interest from teams ,  Champ Bailey has decided to retire from NFL to pursue other career opportunities ,  agent Jack Reale said Tues . The 52 days till spring feels like it might as well be 52 years . #backtoshoveling . And now the Redskins are back on the clock for the first time since Thursday night . #nfldraft . Four QBs   Cam  SB50  ,  Peyton Manning  SB XLVIII  ,  Tom Brady  SB XLII  ,  Dan Marino  SB XIX    accounted for 50 TDs in season . First 3 lost . I'm doing same tonight RT @tunasweasel When I was a kid ,  I used to be so excited for first jets game ,  I'd sleep under my bed on this night . Jay Cutler on status of his rib injury for Sunday I'm not concerned at all . I think Sunday it'll be cleared up and I'll be fine.Plenty of moves in week ahead Rosters have to be cut from 90 players to 75 by Tuesday ,  then from 75 to 53 on Saturday by 4 PM ET . Here comes more salary cap space for Dallas Cowboys expected to restructure contract of OT Doug Free . Cardinals announced they reached agreement with LB Karlos Dansby ,  who now returns to Arizona . The flip side RT @DavidMartinIII Bengals take troubled young men and make them better men . I can appreciate what they do . God Bless'em . Now the clock starts running till the time Champ Bailey ,  a 12 time Pro Bowl selection ,  is inducted into Pro Football Hall of Fame . Jaguars' rookie LB Myles Jack will make his first NFL start today vs . Colts for injured LB Dan Skuta ,  who is out with hip injury . Former Bills RB Karlos Williams has been suspended by NFL for a period of at least one year ,  per @FieldYates . #KnowThemFromAdamChris Berman discusses the loss of his wife and the transition in his life . Back for more Tampa Bay re signed veteran CB Ronde Barber today to a 1 year deal . Big move . Tampa hasn't fared well at re signing its own . Chargers' stadium initiative  Ballot Measure C  did not pass . Chargers' future in SD now uncertain  . Michigan's Jabril Peppers is leaving school early and declaring for NFL draft . News helicopters followed Aaron Hernandez from his house to Gillette Stadium . RT @LandonMc any progress in the Carpenter Barron trade  ?   ...  It's expected to be finalized early this week . Martellus Bennett turns 30 today . Not a bad day . Gifted Aaron Rodgers . If the fight is anywhere near as good as that basketball game and Clippers' win ,  it will wrap up a classic sports day . Titans PresidentCEO Tommy Smith said he met with HC Mike Munchak and GM Ruston Webster but no final decisions were made.Despite suffering a high ankle sprain Sunday vs . the Packers ,  Rams quarterback Sam Bradford is expected to start Sunday vs Cowboys . Cardinals RB Adrian Peterson officially inactive . Update Browns signing 2 QBs Vince Young and Tyler Thigpen AND LB Zac Diles . Two QBs ,  One LB . Raiders added Heyward Bey to the report Friday night afterthey landed in Pittsburgh . They listed him as questionable with a foot injury . Former Texans WR Andre Davis is scheduled to visit the Redskins in the morning . Davis played under Redskins OC Kyle Shanahan in Houston . Biggest move of week Packers HC Mike McCarthy's wife ,  Jessica ,  gave birth to a baby girl ,  Isabella Conroy . Congratulations to McCarthys . Denver does not expect Philadelphia to trade Sam Bradford to Broncos or to any team ,  per sources . Broncos now mulling other QB options . Raiders take pryor in 3rd . Falcons QB Matt Ryans only career postseason win came in 2012 NFC Divisional Playoffs at home against the Seahawks . And the Rams are off to LA ,  officially . Giants announced that two time Pro Bowl defensive end Osi Umenyiora has agreed to a restructured contract . Another good onem RT @MrAA Lombardi Gras #WhoDat . Updated Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski is not expected to  play tonight vs Bucs ,  per source . Not only are Rams doing this summer's Hard Knocks ,  they also are expected to play a regular season game in 2018 in China . After missing first four games with thumb injury ,  Jacksonville TE Julius Thomas will make Jaguars' debut today not expected to be limited . Raiders RB Darren McFadden going nowhere before trade deadline . Oakland not expected to make any trades . Jacksonville's LaRoy Reynolds suspended without pay for four games for violating NFL policy on performance enhancing substances.Could watch the Thunder and Warriors till football season . Tennessee Titans claimed former Patriots G Josh Kline on waivers . A 155 million for Jon Lester  ?  Good work if you can get it . Most important ,  Who's going to say Less filling and who's going to say Tastes great  ?  Inactives Jonathan Stewart ,  Montell Owens ,  Brian Urlacher ,  Eric Wright . Actives Matt Forte ,  Hakeem Nicks ,  Justin Tuck ,  Brandon Pettigrew . Packers WR Jordy Nelson ,  listed as questionable with a quad injury ,  is expected to play vs . Bengals ,  per source . Here's the terrific piece from @MichelleBeisner on Bengals DT Devon Still and his daughter ,  Leah . Why Daunte Culpepper affected so many franchises ,  plus Cam Newton vs . Andy Dalton . RT @SportsCenter NFL   FOX 26 in Houston Texans WR Andre Johnson won't be suspended for fight  ...  Good reporter here but still no confirm . Now that DeMarcus Ware has his six year ,  78 million deal ,  it's not hard to figure out what Richard Seymour thinks he's worth . 15 years ago today ,  the world lost then 33 year old Derrick Thomas . Still hard to believe ... RIP . Washington RB Rob Kelley ,  listed as questionable with rib injury ,  is not expected to play Sunday night vs Raiders ,  per source . Redskins WR Leonard Hankerson will go on IR . He had a sublaxated hip and a labrum tear . He will be out for the season . Cards placed G Mike Iupati on IR and signed OL Vinston Painter ,  who once was sent out to end Joe Thomas snap streak before being waved off . On Memorial Day weekend ,  please think about the brave people who gave their lives for this country and our freedom . Packers officially released RB Christine Michael . RT @MJThrill The fact SD is willin 2 trade a 6'3 CB with burnin speed and has the wing span of Manut Bol ,  should say somehing ,  buyer bware . Browns LB Barkevious Mingo unlikely to play opener vs . Miami due to bruised lung . He's probable for week 2 vs . Balt . Two days before AFC Championship game ,  Patriots promoted LB Kevin Snyder from their practice squad to their active roster . Packers worked out two former Broncos today ,  RB Montee Ball and QB Zac Dysert ,  per source . Another defensive line loss for Dallas ...  Redskins WR Aldrick Robinson will start today . RT @ChiefWildcat DeMaurice Smith goes to .68  ...  My next Longest Yard royalty check will be more than Roger and De's combined salaries . Vikings QB Brett Favre texted Ed Werder that ,  if today's game had kicked off when scheduled ,  he would not have played . And Saints free agent safety Darren Sharper is off to Jacksonville ,  with Dallas lurking . Colts HC Chuck Pagano said WR Reggie Wayne and CB Vontae Davis will play Monday night vs . Giants . One fewer team for O.J . RT @DerekJAdams you can cross cowboys off the list for Atogwe . Jerry says he has no interest . On ride back to hotel right now ,  Mel Kiper Jr . giving a first round grade to the hotel room service chocolate cake . Eagles officially hire Todd Bowles as secondary coach ,  finalizing their coaching staff for 2012.Colts gave former Browns LB D'Qwell Jackson a four year ,  22 million deal including 11 million guaranteed . Ed Reed's three year deal with the Houston Texans now official . Net of Titans' two big draft trades OT Jack Conklin ,  two 2nd rd picks  43 & 45  ,  next year's Rams 1st & 3rd rounders . How to build a team . Bills and DT Kyle Williams reached agreement on a one year ,  10.5 million extension tying him to Buffalo for three more years ,  per source . Seahawks placed DE Chris Clemons and K Steven Hauschka on injured reserve and signed DE Patrick Chukwurah and K Ryan Longwell . Free agents piling up quick Bucs will release DT Chris Hovan today . Statement from Browns HC Hue Jackson on Kevin Hogan being named starting QBIve made the decision to start ...  RT @cALLoDAYx Any predictions on who may be trading partners if it gets to that point  ?   ...  Nobody wanted him before   who wants him now  ?  Browns trade P Andy Lee and a 2017 seventh round pick to the Panthers in exchange for P Kasey Redfern and a 2018 fourth round pick . For second straight day ,  Bills cannot and will not practice . Travel ban still in effect in Buffalo area . Friday 10 Spot on Saturday Don't be surprised if an undrafted free agent makes biggest play in Super Bowl   . In his first game back from a 4 game suspension ,  Dallas' Greg Hardy is expected to start at right defensive end . Training camp when some focus shifts away from murder ,  DUIs ,  and NFL owners' business dealings back to football . Never thought of the fact that June 17 ,  1994 and OJ's car chase was the start of the reality TV craze that swept our culture . But it was . For those who wanted to hear from Browns WR Josh Gordon ,  @uninterrupted told his story ...  me . Jaguars RB Leonard Fournette is out Sunday vs Texans ,  per @mortreport . AFC road to Super Bowl goes through Denver . Broncos are AFC's No . 1 seed . A new QBkilla RT @BGraham54 I can't wait to go out there tomorrow and get to work  !  I'm about to cause havoc and kill QB's  !  Jacksonville plans to interview its defensive coordinator Mel Tucker next week for Jaguars HC job . It's official . Colts signed Matt Stover . And Vinatieri's knee surgery was to his right knee . Bears signed Earl Bennetts to a 4 year ,  18 million contract that includes 9 million guaranteed . Starting the right players is critical with the @ESPNFantasy Football Championships among us . Make informed decisio  . Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie  . Ten years ago ,  a blocked punt symbolized rebirth of New Orleans and Saints . It also happened to be Drew Brees' first home game as NO's QB . Eagles announced rookie CB JaCorey Shepherd has been diagnosed with an torn ACL in his right knee . RT @jzapatajr Is there any way the cowboys would consider randy moss or tj to fill in as a wide receiver  ?   ...  Doesn't look that way . Patriots LB Dont'a Hightower ,  who is out today vs . Saints due to a knee injury ,  visited Dr . James Andrews last week  . A very interesting idea RT @realfreemancbs When Goodell steps down as commissioner in five or so years his replacement will be Tony Dungy . With Redskins' long snapper Nick Sundberg nursing a back injury ,  Washington signed former Packers long snapper Rick Lovato ,  per source . The closest I got to an Obama ...  Former Broncos RB Knowshon Moreno reached agreement on a one year deal with the Miami Dolphins ,  per league source . Peyton Manning's pending letter regarding DeMarcus Ware's retirement and career will be a classic . TE Chris Cooley passed his physical with the Redskins and is signing with Washington ,  as Comcast SportsNet reported . Redskins do not expect Ravens LB Terrell Suggs to play against them today . Eagles QB Mike Vick ,  Lions QB Shaun Hill ,  and the lowest paid player in the NFL in this week's 10 spot . Thank you ,  @SIPeterKing . Credit belongs to @mortreport . He was the trusted veteran leader . Time to sneak in the workout before the day becomes all about Monday Night Football . Texans RBs Arian Foster and Ben Tate are active . For those who didn't get enough the past three days ,  a two hour draft recap special is coming up on ESPN at 1 pm EST . Here are terms of BALT DET trade Lions receive Haloti Ngata and 7th round pick while Baltimore gets 4th  and 5th round picks ,  per source . The question wasn't whether QB Matt Cassel would be able to play today . It was whether he'd be able to play next week vs . Rams . Another potentially big injury  . CB Dimitri Patterson will be back to work at the Jets facility later today ,  according to his agent Drew Rosenhaus . The Falcons now are involved in discussions to trade for Eagles cornerback Asante Samuel ,  according to sources in Atlanta . Please send C'mon ,  man !  nominees   goofy plays   to an ecstatic @tunasweasel for final Monday Night Countdown show of the season . Raiders also signed Giorgio Tavecchio off practice squad to kick ,  per source . Then there were three  unsigned picks  OT Andre Smith ,  WR Michael Crabtree ,  DE Aaron Maybin . Methinks Maybin signs first ,  then flip a coin . So the Redskins draft RG3 AND ,  with the 102nd pick in the 4th round ,  Michigan St . QB Kirk Cousins . Filed to ESPN NFL has chosen Scott Green   remember him from GB Ariz wildcard game  ?    as the referee for Super Bowl XLIV . Saints DC Gregg Williams is in last year of his contract . Many around league believe he'll leave New Orleans and reunite with Jeff Fisher . Bears have had some discussions about trading WR Earl Bennett . Trades not easy to make this time of year ,  though . Mike Singletary's job is safe   for now . But even if the 49ers turn around their season and make playoffs ,  the clock is ticking on him . Chiefs S Eric Berry has an ankle injury that is not considered serious . Eric will be fine ,  text said . Just being precautionary.Seneca Wallace is better than people think RT @bcstagg @AdamSchefter Im beginning to realize the importance of a good backup QB . No surprise but now official Jets Bills game will not be played Sunday in Buffalo . Jags K Josh Scobee boots a game winning 58 yard FG and Colts lose second divisional game . NFL owners voted to allow compensatory draft picks to be traded   but only starting in 2017 ,  not in 2016 ,  per league sources . Good to have you aboard ,  @MrMichaelSmith . Five go ahead TDs   five  !    in final 205 ... Balt and Minn. ,  what a game . Police seized the cell phone of Aaron Hernandez's cousin while in court Wednesday  . RT @ChrisJohnson28 jaguars drafted 4 D lineman a runningback and a punt returner cmon son are yall tryin to get better @MIKESIMSWALKER . Pretty easy to forecast how these labor talks will work out Owners ,  players ,  fans lose Lawyers win . #truth . RT @tKister54 What do you think of #detroitlions  ?  Playoff contender or no  ?   ...  Contender . Legit . Absolutely . Have said it since off season . RT @ProFootballWkly #Texans ,  #Chiefs ,  #Titans get 3rd round compensatory picks . #Ravens ,  #49ers ,  #Lions ,  #Falcons with 4th rounders . Floyd Mayweather Conor McGregor megafight now set for for August 26th . Former Patriots DL Vince Wilfork announced he will be signing with the Houston Texans . Dak Prescott now owns record for most passes without an INT to start an NFL career . Little known fact The man that put together the music for The Fighter ,  @Happywalters ,  also negotiated Aamar'e Stoudemire's Knicks' contract . Tyrann Mathieu will receive  remaining portions in form of roster bonuses . As long as he's on roster all 16 ...  OT Luke Joeckel's fully guaranteed 4 year Jaguars deal also includes a 13,799,344 signing bonus and no offsets . Ron Rivera announced Cam Newton has a hairline fracture in ribs . Newton won't play in preseason finale but team hopes he's ready for opener . Jaguars WR Marqise Lee ,  listed as questionable for Sunday with knee injury ,  will play vs . Bengals ,  per source . DB help for Atlanta . Falcons today acquired cornerback Tye Hill in a trade with the St . Louis Rams in exchange for a 7th rd pick . Filed to ESPN CB Donald Strickland reached agreement with the Chargers on a two year deal . Tampa Bay waived former LSU QB Jordan Jefferson and signed former Rutgers DT Gary Gibson . Giants re signed WR Michael Clayton to take the roster spot of Domenik Hixon ,  who was placed on injured reserve . 49ers on verge of a five year contract extension with LB NaVorro Bowman that will tie him to SF through the 2018. Deal done within 24 hours . Good morning Twitterverse and 2010. Some info on Brett Favre Aaron Rodgers ,  along with Bill Belichick Peyton Manning . Definition of going from worst to first TE Tim Wright and LB Jonathan Casillas both were traded from Tampa ,  which owns No . 1 pick ,  to NE . RT @RachelNichols Spoke to WR Andre Johnson . Told me he will start today   sprained ankle still has soreness but brace keeps it solid . Potential news brewing in Carolina . RT @bryan8885 just heard ma'ake kemeoateau for the panthers is done for the year ... is that true  ?  Second fantasy draft tonight ,  the OGBA league . Standard scoring ,  12 teams ,  own pick No . 10. Commisioner Rogoff ready to kick it off . Here's how the 2011 4th round pick Washington traded to Philadelphia for McNabb becomes a 3rd round pick . Falcons reached agreement with former Seahawks Pro Bowl LB Lofa Tatupu . So Eagles have picked WR Nelson Agholor ,  Titans have picked Marcus Mariota ,  so much for any trade . Colts look to be getting help for Sunday at Green Bay TY Hilton back practicing today ,  same for TE Dwayne Allen . Eagles confirm they have completed their interview today with former Giants head coach Tom Coughlin . Eagles rookie S Nate Allen intercepts Rodgers  ...  Last Eagles rookie to have interception on opening day was Eric Allen . Browns have used 20 different starting QBs since team returned to CLEV in 1999 ,  most in NFL in that time . Hoyer is only 1 w winning record . Broncos determining whether to place RB CJ Anderson on injured reserve ,  and expect to make a decision in the next 24 hours ,  per source . 49ers signed LB Ahmad Brooks to a two year contract . Saints agreed to terms with RB Mark Ingram . Not a lot of optimism that Bears WR Alshon Jeffery ,  who aggravated his hamstring last week ,  will go today vs . Arizona . Former Jets WR Plaxico Burress predicted on ESPN's NFL Live that Michael Vick will be NY's starting opening day QB . DeMarco Murray has only 29 rushes this season ,  the 3rd fewest for a defending rushing champ in first 3 games since 1970 NFLAFL Merger . Proud to join @KenBurns urging all Americans to learn and share their reading of #GettysburgAddress . Final answer after 4 ET ,  but it doesn't sound as if there's a team willing to claim Albert Haynesworth on waivers . Don't want his contract . Wade Watch Underway . Raiders offensive coordinator Hue Jackson now becomes a leading candidate to succeed Tom Cable . Former Cardinals QB John Skelton ,  whom Tennessee was interested in signing with Jake Locker out ,  will sign with the 49ers . An unintended and superb goodbye to Dick Ebersol RT @SIPeterKing This Joe Posnanski fella ,  he can write  . ESPN's four hour action packed Sunday NFL Countdown kicks off at 10 am ET . Time to make the beignets  !  Reality TV was born 17 years ago today ,  when OJ Simpson drove his white Bronco through the streets of LA . #wherewereyouwhen . ESPN.com NFL Power Rankings are out for the preseason .   Ron Rivera says Panthers aren't ready to shut down Luke Kuechly for season ...  Tim Tebow to Denver . A big welcome ...  RT @JimTrotterNFL Happy to be joining the ESPN family . Can't wait to get to work . Berry  !  Seattle is so happy . #nfldraft . RT @PSchrags How's this for a Draft Day story  ?  UNC TE Eric Ebron just proposed to his girlfriend atop the Empire State Building  !  Patriots' TE Martellus Bennett and WR Julian Edelman ,  both listed as questionable for Sunday's game vs . Buffalo ,  will play ,  per source . No Gore ,  but Kaepernick . RT @JosinaAnderson Just got a text from the agent of QB Colin Kaepernick ,  Scott Smith . Kaepernick deal done.RT @KiDGoVi How much does Cam's rookie performance help RG3's draft stock  ?   ...  Funny how comparisons have shifted from JaMarcus Russell . Colts announced Peyton Manning's back bothering him ,  he has been consulting with doctors ,  he and he will cease practicing . Jets traded S Dwight Lowery to the Jacksonville Jaguars for an undisclosed conditional draft choice . Former Titans DBs Samari Rolle and Lance Schulters are working as coaching interns for Jeff Fisher's Rams . More changes for the Lions . Detroit claimed guard Roy Schuening on waivers from the Oakland Raiders . Bucs traded CB Aqib Talib to New England . Saints LB Jermina Hunter and Raiders WR Derrick Jones round out the list of 10 players that have suffered a torn Achilles since camp opened . RT @AlgerLuke How about Maclin  ?   ...  Didn't practice today . Doubtful to play Sunday . RT @Live4Sundays Berrian should be on last comic standing  !  I know 3 yr olds that are better practical jokers ... Jets have signed RB Danny Woodhead to the active roster from the practice squad and have released DT Howard Green . Quote of the day ...  RT @WesWelker Don't tell Bill I'm on here  !  Green Bay now has drafted two RBs ,  UCLA's Johnathan Franklin and Alabama's Eddie Lacy . RT @bigfnal please remind the world of Gaines Adams on his birthday . DeSean Jackson separated his shoulder ,  expected to miss a couple weeks ,  per @diannaESPN . DeAngelo Hall injured his groin ,  out about a week . One reason for New England to be interested in RB Tim Hightower ,  even though he's coming off knee injury he turns only 26 next month . Busy Broncos Denver re signed DL Le Kevin Smith and released inside linebacker Andra Davis and defensive lineman JVonne Parker.Ravens QB Joe Flacco will portray the late Johnny Unitas in an upcoming film ,  Unitas We Stand ,  per Baltimore Sun . That's what I hear   but that's not the world I travel in . RT @QBKILLA @AdamSchefter Hornfrogs  ?  Random question of the night If Michael Crabtree hasn't signed by now ,  and 49ers not upping their offer ,  what's going to make him sign now  ?  Filed to ESPN Former Panthers DT Maake Kemoeatu signed a two year ,  7 million deal with the Redskins . Another sentence every football fan will enjoy for a variety of reasons NFL preseason wraps up tonight with all 32 teams in action . Also a busy day today for Patriots' DC Matt Patricia ,  who is interviewing for HC jobs with the Chargers and Rams . Titans waive RB Dexter McCluster ,  per source . QB @drewbrees can extend his streak of games with a TD pass to 47 today ,  which would tie Johnny Unitas NFL record from 1956 60.Check that Jets signing WR Jason Hill . Wow . As @DufresneLATimes points out ,  Jim Murray ,  Elvis and Babe Ruth all died on Aug . 16. Three legends in their respective fields . Browns have granted permission to DC Ray Horton to interview for any available coaching positions Doesn't have to be HC ,  can be lateral . As @taniaganguli reported ,  former Dolphins QB Chad Henne reached agreement on a two year deal with the Jaguars . He's back ...  RT @realpatriots Brady's numbers after first 4 drives 12 of 16 for 150 yards and 2 TDs  ...  passer rating of 143.2.Suspensions on WR Reggie Wiliams and DE Erasmus James will begin immediately and will last until commissioner Roger Goodell reinstates them . RT @PeteHanabergh What do u do now that nfl ended  ?  .. Never ends . @BShah23 points out combine in 15 days ,  free agency in 34 ,  draft in 78.Jameis Winston A lot of people thought I was fat . But I look good  !  And I know it . Please join me and fantasy experts on 827 & 828for inaugural Fantasy Football Symposium. Check out . Prayers for Chad Carr ,  grandson of Lloyd ,  son of @tamcarr21. #chadtough . Former Saints DE Will Smith was shot to death in New Orleans on Saturday night after a traffic collision ,  the coroner's office confirmed . Raiders officially ruled out RB Latavius Murray for Sunday's game vs SD . And on first day they were eligible to file their relocation application ,  the San Diego Chargers have done just that . Filed papers today . Saskatchewan Roughriders already talking to ,  and targeting ,  former OSU QB Terrelle Pryor . #Thisaintcolumbusanymore . Jets have claimed WR Aundrae Allison off waivers from Minnesota and waived WR Mario Urrutia . Packers announced Jordy Nelson is out for the year with a torn ACL ,  as @RapSheet reported . One source familiar with talks said CBA calls for HGH testing . It must be implemented by the first game   first time ever for HGH testing . Now official ...  RT @Cardschatter Arians confirms QB Drew Stanton out for Panthers game . Ryan Lindley starts . Jaguars RB Maurice Jones Drew will not attend the Jaguars mandatory minicamp that begins today . He is seeking a new contract . Jerome Boger's flag happy crew to call Eagles Cowboys in Week 8 . Rams DE Chris Long restructured his contract this week to create 2 million worth of cap space ,  per sources . John Saunders points out that Bruce Gradkowski's three fourth quarter TD passes in Pitt were one more than Jamarcus Russell threw this year . Since joining Saints in 2006 ,  Drew Brees has passed for 21,932 yards ,  the most passing yards by a QB over any 5 year span in NFL history . Pats DT Vince Wilfork reaches agreement with NE on five year ,  40 million deal that includes 18 million signing bonus ,  25 milion gtd . Forget about where they'll hold the 2018 NFL Draft . Drew Pearson must announce a Dallas draft pick . And here come the changes in Philadelphia Eagles have told DT Cullen Jenkins they plan to release him . Jets QB Mark Sanchez practiced w starters today . Were switching  off  every other practice ,  Clemens said.That's way well progress.This is really funny . RT @EricStangel    I get the feeling the Colts won't be selling many of these ...  Another NFL off season is underway . Johnny Manziel enters rehab . Ravens release NT Terrence Cody when he's indicted for animal cruelty . Bringing QB Tim Tebow to the NFL draft ensures that ,  if he's not drafted on day one ,  the NFL will have a ratings magnet for day two . Despite the fact that he will not play Sunday night ,  Packers QB Aaron Rodgers is making the trip to New England . What happened to OCNN and @OGOchoCinco 's declaration that JaMarcus Russell would be at Bengals OTAs  ?  Still true ,  Ocho ,  or retracrion  ?  Steelers have signed their fourth round draft pick from the 2012 NFL Draft ,  nose tackle Alameda Taamu . Did my first on site @ESPN interview with @JoshElliottABC so only fitting to do my first on site @GMA interview with him Friday morning . To sign Josh Norman ,  Saints would have to get creative with contract ,  as only Chiefs have less cap space than NO ,  which has 3.44M cap room . Details on Marcus Mariota being out for the year . Now that LeGarrette Blount has completed 50 hours of community service ,  prosecutors have dropped marijuana possession charges against him . Sam Bradford expected to start for Vikings on Sunday night vs Green Bay ,  per @GoesslingESPN . Bradford took all reps w starting O this week . As @jwyattsports reported ,  Titans have selected Jake Locker as their starting QB . Panthers' QB Cam Newton voted captain for 1st time  . Just remember Most thought Eric Mangini ,  Jack Del Rio and Wade Phillips might not survive . All did . Tom Cable has an outside shot to stay . Browns HC Mike Pettine has demonstrated he will hold guys accountable ,  whether it's week 1 or week 17. Time for Justin Gilbert to learn that . RT @ObsessionSports The PUP list allows room up to week 8 for decision ,  right  ?   ...  Correct . But a player is out at least six weeks . Raiders RB Michael Bush is inactive due to a thumb injury . Raiders think he'll be back for next week's game . Tennessee hasn't played Houston yet . Houston has the NFL's 32nd ranked pass defense . Advantage ,  Titans . Steelers signed OT Alejandro Villanueva to a four year deal ,  per source . Indy injuries piling up in ugly fashion . Colts DT Antonio Johnson underwent knee surgery and team gave no timetable for his return.Dallas is allowing NFL high 426.8 yards per game ,  and is 131 yards off pace set by 2012 Saints for most yards allowed in a single season . Greatness . RT @Lfitzgerald11 Muhammad Ali ,  Magic ,  AP ,  and I  . As much as some might  question it ,  Steelers WR Antonio Brown is in the concussion protocol ,  per source . RT @ProFootballTalk Reader comment re Willie Clark's life plus 1,152 year sentence  Think Favre will still be playing when he gets out ? Like this selection . RT @jamisonhensley No joke Sanu gets picked by Bengals  . Some action RT @NFLrecord Terrelle Pryor workout with @Ochocinco and @AntonioBrown84   . As for the NFL Draft ...  Texans DE J.J . Watt is the first defensive lineman since 1948 to score 4 TDs in a season ... Makes sense for new Seahawks GM John Schneider to sign Packers free agent LB Aaron Kampman . Two worked together in Green Bay . Dallas traded a 2015 7th round pick to Tennessee for DE Lavar Edwards ,  per league source . Dolphins' RB Arian Foster will go out for warmups ,  see how he feels ,  then determine whether he's healthy enough to play vs . Pittsburgh . Filed to ESPN Fresh off visit with Redskins ,  former Eagles RB Brian Westbrook is now en route to Denver to visit the Broncos on Thursday . Marcus Mariota being carted off with apparent foot injury . RBKR Kenjon Barner needs to be on Eagles 46 man active roster for at least four games for a 7th rd pick to be sent to Carolina . With his new deal ,  LaMarr Woodley's salary cap number actually dropped from 10 million to 6.5 million in 2011. Steelers spent   and saved . RT @chrisbieker24 Any news on Elvis Dumervil yet  ?   ...  Broncos have until Friday ,  4 ET ,  to decide whether to guarantee his 12 million . Seattle had made runs at other high profile WRs in past ,  most notably Brandon Marshall and Vincent Jackson . Percy Harvin would fit right in . A warm welcome on the seating card along press row  . FWIW ,  ESPN's Dr . Michael Kaplan called it a longshot that QB Brett Favre would be able to play Sunday at New England . My Weekly NFL Power Rankings1. Baltimore Ravens   Beat the Steelers in Pittsburgh and you deserve the No . 1 slot ...  Filed to ESPN TE Chris Baker will sign a two year ,  4.75 million deal that includes 2.75 million in year one with the Seahawks . Eagles announced they released WR Miles Austin . Something tells me nobody on Twitter is going to pick up more followers today than @Tbayne21. #Congratulations . Jerry Richardson will put Carolina Panthers up for sale  . Dak Prescott completing 73.1% of 3rd down passes ,  which would be best mark since Steve Young in 1994 SB winning season ,  via @paulhembo . White smoke emanating yet from Hattiesburg  ?  Changes in Tampa The Buccaneers fired their offensive line coach Pete Mangurian . The team wanted to go in a different direction . RT @espn Florida Gators want Charlie Weis to be offensive coordinator ,  sources say    . Blast from past NFL conditionally reinstated Arizona LB Daryl Washington ,  and he plans to play in 2017 ,  per source . There are people expecting some big things out of Wake Forest CB @BGhee at this year's Senior Bowl . Roger Goodell confirmed that the HOF game cancelled . Pause for a moment and ponder this Pat Tillman would have been 38 years old today . May he rest in peace . week . Would be a surprise to people around the league if Oakland QB Carson Palmer winds up in Arizona . A real surprise . Shows you what I'm worth . RT @cliffrock19 @AdamSchefter Minimum wage is 7.25 ! RT @espnnfl New Orleans Saints' Marques Colston has scope ,  questionable for Bucs   . Adding to @DustinFox37 report on WR Brian Hartline Browns and Hartline reached agreement on 2 year ,  6 million deal ,  per @RosenhausSports . Eagles re signing Brandon Graham ,  per source . Not all Eagles leaving . Brian Hoyer will be back at starting QB for Texans this week ,  Bill O' Brien said on ESPN's NFL Insiders . This off season ,  Denver Chargers have signed CB Quentin Jammer ,  LB Shaun Phillips ,  G Louis Vasquez . #WhoWonWest  ?  Bills seriously contemplated trading Marshawn Lynch last week but stood pat . Not to say he is untradeable ,  but will take a lot to get Lynch . More visits chad Henne expected to visit Jacksonville ,  Kyle Orton expected to visit Dallas . Despite being listed as questionable ,  Cardinals RB LaRod Stephens Howling is expected to play vs . Rams . Buccaneers are shutting down QB Jameis Winston for a few weeks to rest his injured shoulder ,  per league source . With today's win over Detroit ,  the Bengals are now assured of a winning record for only the second time in the past 19 years . Broncos have won 20 of their last 21 regular season games and have won 9 straight divisional games ,  the longest active streak in the NFL . Jets claimed ex Patriots TE Zach Sudfeld off waivers . Eagles released WR Josh Huff . Steelers have released offensive tackle Mike Adams with the designation of Failed Physical . Steelers   beaten by Jets at Heinz Field on Sunday   have not lost back to back home games since Week 4 and Week 5 of 2003 season . Encouraging injury news for Bills . X rays on Fred Jackson's thumb negative . Deep bone and ligament bruise . More important ,  ready for opener . Ryan Fitzpatrick 6 TD passes today . Last one to TD machine JJ Watt . Buffalo deactivated last year's first round pick ,  linebacker Aaron Maybin . Thought to be a healthy scratch . Bengals' LB Vontaze Burfict is appealing his five game suspension ,  per sources . Hearing will be next week . Sounds like we have a challenge for the QB who ,  as @BruceFeldmanCFB points out ,  had a 105 14 TD INT ratio at Oregon . All Star game starting P Matt Harvey interviewed unsuspecting fans about..Matt Harvey . For Jimmy Fallon . Awesome ...  One word to describe Ravens camp   madhouse . They're expecting 10,000 fans today . For practice . Top WR off board ...  This we know @jimcramer is a very happy man . Nate Washington's stock is up . If draft were held today ,  Rams would own the 6th overall pick from Washington via RGIII trade as well as their own 11th overall pick . Bradford must play either 35% of offensive plays as a rookie or 45% of any other contract year . He almost surely will ,  but worth noting . Chiefs announced they are trading TE James OShaughnessy and a sixth rounder to Patriots for pick No . 183.While Ravens LB Ray Lewis will not play today ,  Baltimore LB Terrell Suggs will play against Denver despite his torn bicep . Vikings QB Teddy Bridgewater scheduled to have surgery on torn ACL and other structural damage in his left knee Thursday ,  per @Edwerderespn . Colts TE Jacob Tamme is active today . No better fantasy TE in all of football these days . Cardinals S Rashad Johnson ,  who lost top portion of middle finger last week ,  will not play today vs . Tampa Bay . Doctors did not clear him . Tampa Bay taking Syracuse WR Mike Williams . #nfldraft . Peyton Manning initially tore his right quad Dec . 14 in win over Chargers ,  per sources . MRI back in Denver confirmed tear . Senior Bowl trustees met today and plan to hire former Browns general manager Phil Savage as the Executice Director of the Senior Bowl . Johnny Manziel is the top overall pick in Mel Kipers first mock draft released today . Here's a new wrinkle four year ,  8.2 million contract of Bucs 1st round first round pick Adrian Clayborn is fully guaranteed . Dallas trading for former Seattle RB Christine Michael ,  per league source . Michael returns to Texas ,  where he starred at Texas A & M . RT @AdamSchein my info on Revis nothing new  ...  No disrespect to those reporting differently ,  but Adam ScheinSchefter hearing the same . Tom Brady refuses to buy into the Madden Curse . Mort says Pat White the Dolphins No . 2 QB today ,  not Chad Henne . Get ready for some Wildcat . Cam Newton not practicing again today . Panthers play Monday night vs TB . RT @bjmcginnis I was 10 ft from Berrian while he was getting examined.Right hammy up hi near buttock My view  . The Osi Umenyiora Watch at Giants camp is over for the day . He is not expected to show up today . Wade Phillips' Effect Rams are first team in NFL history to record two interception return TDs and a safety in season opener . Our guest ,  @Demarcomurray ,  getting ready to shine for his day at ESPN . Andre Johnson is now a Colt . Honestly can't sleep thinking about my fantasy draft tonight . I am a sick person . Going to work on my espn.com mailbag instead . Really sick . Wrapped up my version of two a days . Eagles in am ,  Jets in pm ,  and I'm wiped . Gotta go sit in cold tub ,  get treatment and be ready for tmrw  !  Pierre Thomas and Roman Harper both out today . A quality read on the lockout ,  and its direction ,  from @GregABedard   . Eagles now  10 in turnover differential this season ,  tied for worst in NFL and the worst for the Eagles through 5 games since 1977.Giants will release WR Victor Cruz this afternoon ,  as @artstapleton reported . LB Terrell Suggs active and playing . RT @Hades131313 @RonD1954 @CIN He has sex with underage girl and this dude is worried where guy is from  ?   ...  Many shared his sensitivity . Texans owner Bob McNair said Houston is willing to trade No . 1 overall pick so it can land another QB and a defensive player as well . Chiefs WR Dexter McCluster inactive . Eagles WR Jason Avant will start today in place of the deactivated DeSean Jackson . Giants WR Dwayne Harris fractured his foot and is out for the year ,  per source . So Harris was one of four Giants WRs to go down today . Went to Northwestern grad school  Medill  RT @BigGuy21 @AdamSchefter I always just assumed you were a Northwestern grad . Haha stereotypes . An OBJ INT . X rays on Redskins QB Kirk Cousins' foot negative and revealed mid foot sprain . More tests Tues ,  but injury not thought serious . Despite any questions that some raised ,  the NFL officially has approved the Brock Osweiler to Cleveland trade ,  per the league's wire . Look who's on the cover of Sunday's The New York Times Magazine same man who'll lead Jets vs . Ravens on MNF . Two off seasons ago ,  Michael Vick was story of the summer . Last off season was Brett Favre . Now ,  conveniently ,  we get a marriage of both . PART I Jets LB Bart Scott on the Dolphins Theyre a great team . Theyll probably contend for the Super Bowl.A decision on Adrian Peterson's appeal expected sometime around 5 ET ... Cleveland OT Joe Thomas will play in his 10,000th consecutive snap Sunday on the Browns fourth offensive play of the game vs . Ravens . From orange and blue to orange and blue . RT @espn Tim Tebow makes Denver Broncos debut at rookie minicamp    . A 146 year run ends today with the final performance from Ringling Bros . and Barnum & Bailey ,  per sources . Circus closing up ,  for good . RT @KiolbassaRyan did I hear correctly  ?  Greg Jennings out  ?    &gt You did not hear correctly . Jennings is Active . Any Raider doing long term deal in future   Carr ,  Khalil Mack ,  Gabe Jackson ,  Amari Cooper   will structure it w Nevada's tax rate in mind . Based on the fantasy football move that @mortreport made at 639 am ,  he must know something I don't ...  Wind and lightning wrecked Redskins' practice goalposts this week . No FGs today . New goalposts for camp later this week are probable . Jaguars today were awarded WR Jason Hill off waivers from 49ers.CB Chevis Jackson was waived to make room for Hill on the roster . Bills are releasing LB Manny Lawson ,  per source . This should get you ready for this weekend's wild card games ,  starting Saturday on ESPN  . RT @therealhatfield With all the QB injuries ,  do you see the Bengals caving and trading Palmer away  ?   ...  Not this season . Maybe not ever . RT @evansilva Trent Dilfer talking Russell Wilson with @ESPNColin Dude . Reason to be a #Seahawks fan . Kid gets  ...  RT @Rtini1 Any chance Steelers could trade Dennis Dixon to Eagles for Asante  ?   ...  Maybe the Eagles could throw in DeSean ,  too .  Cmon ,  man .As much as Jets org loves Rex Ryan ,  it feels same way about S Jim Leonard . He will become the WR 2009 equivalent of Wayne Chrebet . Upset with contract negotiations ,  Von Miller cropped out John Elway from Friday's Instagram post  . Cowboys owner Jerry Jones ,  Patriots owner Robert Kraft and Texans owner Bob McNair ,  amongst others ,  will be ...  Three weeks after he suffered a significant leg injury ,  Bears TE Zach Miller finally gets to go home . Why Ravens paid him . RT @ProFootbalFocus Lardarius Webb didn't allow a single TD last year .  QBs throwing at him had a rating of just 55.6.Cowboys LB Sean Lee is out today vs Rams due to hamstring injury ,  per @toddarcher . John Elway on Chad Kellys issues I called his uncle and he said he's a good kid.So more and more ,  Warner looks like he is following the same path that Ben Roethlisberger did this week   to the bench to rest .  for nothing RT @BobGlauber If this is it for Haynesworth ,  he'll have played 20 games ,  made 12 starts ,  6.5 sacks . And 34.75 million . San Diego and Oakland are sitting back ,  watching Denver take a 21 0 lead on KC ,  and enjoying their bye week more than ever . Might not have been a player who had a better summer than new Jets P A.J . Trapasso . He scored in HOF game and banged punts off scoreboard . Patriots announced they released former Colts RB Joseph Addai . RT @mortreport Filed to ESPN about an hour ago The 49ers & David Carr have agreed to terms .   Good pickup by SF . RT @SoundguyMike PSU scandal biggest simple due to severity of allegations ,  number of uni officials ,  one legendary football coach involved . DT Muhammad Wilkerson is someone that appeals to the Jets . Pick would make a lot of sense . Players eligible for Hall next year include Jerry Rice ,  Emmitt Smith ,  Tim Brown ,  Shannon Sharpe ,  Cris Carter . And Woodson's guy ,  Dick LeBeau . Rex Ryan presented Jets CEO Woody Johnson with a game ball in appreciation for giving Ryan the opportunity to be an NFL head coach . Len Bias died 30 years ago today ... Not what Steelers ,  Texans or Broncos wanted Raiders QB JaMarcus Russell now in the game . Best point made all day . RT @prosb4hos @adamschefter Trade deadline day is about as exciting as the supplemental draft . Wow RT @SIPeterKing Allen Wilson ,  excellent Bills beat man ,  dies at 49  . Running back LaDainian Tomlinson ,  the NFLs fifth all time leading rusher ,  will re sign with San Diego and announce his retirement Monday . Broncos granted Texans permission to interview their Oline coach Rick Dennison for Houston's offensive coordinator job . RT @McKnightWriter Had classes with Godfrey Myles at UF . Was quiet guy from an awful part of Miami  Carol City . Meek ,  kind off field . Tom Brady looks to be done for the game . He has on a jacket and Brady's backup Brian Hoyer is warming up . Mr . @jayfeely was a one man wrecking crew today   five FGs ,  one rushing TD . A game ball to the Cardinals kicker . De Smith is calling a meeting with agents of Dolphins OL Jonathan Martin and Richie Incognito in FLA to discuss how damaging situation is . Redskins WR DeSean Jackson officially inactive . Cowboys extend contracts of Scott Linehan ,  Rod Marinelli ,  Rich Bisaccia  . Updated Judge ordered that he will hear Expedited Motion for Stay of All Discovery ,  will rule on all of it next week. Friday 10 Spot How Cam Newton ,  Andrew Luck ,  Kellen Moore might fare in NFL . Plus Vernon Gholston's interesting clause  . Bears CB Charles Tillman told WSCR AM he won't play in Sunday night's game against Texans if his wife goes into labor . She's due any day . Hawks F Paul Millsap expected to void contract after season ,  become free agent ,  per sources . Loves ATL ,  would like to stay ,  but will look . Dolphins deactivated three starting OL Laremy Tunsil ,  Branden Albert ,  Mike Pouncey . Not ideal for Miami nor Jay Ajayi . Ernie Accorsi is serving as a consultant for the Giants HCGM searches . Given his choice ,  LaDainian Tomlinson would sign with Houston . But Texans haven't fared well with veteran backs ,  so deal there not likely . RT @pattybrauns11 do you think the bills will have any respect from the national media this year  ?   ...  What's with respect  ?  Just win ,  baby . Wait goes on ,  questions mount . RT @HoustonTexans Gary Kubiak Arian Foster still has a sore back ,  won't practice tomorrow . Broncos reached agreement with No . 2 overall pick Von Miller . time . Looking like Pittsburgh vs Cincinnati is the favorite to be flexed to SNF next week . Browns have called an 8 am staff meeting Monday for the rest of their coaching staff ... Browns QB Colt McCoy gets married and signs a four year contract ,  all in the same week . Hall of Famer Warren Sapp OK after being bitten by a shark while on a lobstering trip . Eagles closing in on an agreement with Texans free agent tight end James Casey . RT @MiamiDolphins Coach Sparano confirmed NT Jason Ferguson is done for year after injuring his right quad vs . Carolina . Who told me to stick to football  ?  Jake Locker . RT @likedadsays @AdamSchefter which QB gives the browns the best chance to win  ?  Steelers WR Plaxico Burress is active ,  Antonio Brown inactive . Twenty former NFL punters are going to Canton to support Ray Guy ,  the first punter inducted into the Pro Football ...  RT @FootballDetails How about a Lockout Bus Trip  ?   Whatever that entails !    ...  Quite certain that would 26 Cracker Barrels in 19 days . Raiders announced they released DT Tommy Kelly . Only player Chargers now have left from trading Eli Manning to Giants is QB Philip Rivers . As of today ,  it's a 1 for 1 deal . Tyra Banks on Larry King ,  talking about how she's a Twitter holic   and I know someone  maybe a few people  who can relate . Jets will miss @mhiggins ,  a bright ,  innovative business mind who raised profile of his former team during his eight years with franchise . RT @espnafcnorth    Colt McCoy will start final three games    . Workout in . Work ahead . Despite being listed as questionable with groin injury ,  Bucs CB Darrelle Revis will play today vs . Carolina . Good matchup vs . Steve Smith . 49ers set to promote DL coach Jim Tomsula to head coach ,  per sources . Still ironing out details ,  but Tomsula expected to be 49ers next HC . RT @ddockett 49ers calling Patrick Willis' knee procedure a bursectomy .   Get well cause I don't want no excuses when BIRDGANG Come calling  !  RT @JoeBryant @AdamSchefter  If you really want to hurt Ochocinco ,  put him in a room by himself where nobody can seehear him .   . RT @AshokaESPN Congrats to @MKimESPN on fantastic 17 years at ESPN . Fitting your run ends with breaking news . Best of luck  !  We'll miss you . What @wingoz also reports Dr . Andrews does not want Redskins to expose RGIII's knee to punishment during games . Abdullah ...  Cardinals QB Kevin Kolb is expected to start Sunday vs . the Dallas Cowboys . Eagles and former Bears head coach Lovie Smith scheduled to meet on Thursday ,  team announced . There have been 2 trades during draft tonight . There were 2 trades during entire 1st round last year . And there are 18 more picks to go . Friday 10 Spot Midseason NFL Awards ,  plus an unintended effect of Jim Harbaugh .  This might have been Raiders most impressive regular season win since their Super Bowl season . Tom Cable getting job done in Oakland . RT @Fryz2500 @AdamSchefter in case you hadn't heard the latest on Braylon Edwards  . Calvin Johnson makes it clear 'I'm not coming back ,  man' ...  Colts placed S Bob Sanders on IR and activated DB David Pender off the practice squad . Ravens WR Jeremy Maclin has headed to locker room ,  is in concussion protocol . Dolphins didn't get CJ Anderson in free agency ,  didn't get Zeke Elliott in draft ,  so use 3rd round pick on Alabama RB Kenyan Drake . DeSean Jackson on # he will wear in WASH Maybe RGIII will wear No . 3 and I'll try to get in 10. We'll see how it goes though . Never know.When Adrian Peterson told USA Today there were people in Vikings' organization who did want him back and people ...  Now being told that Terry Pegula paid close to 1.4 BILLion for the Bills ,  per sources . Do I get dinner out of this  ?  I mean ,  that is only fair ,  right  ?  RT @MikeDiSarro I bet my friend 500 you would RT this #help . Colts OC Bruce Arians was discharged from his Indianapolis hospital tonight . HC interviews on deck . Denver went into Thursday with a 1st ,  two 2nds and a 3rd   and came out with two 1sts ,  one 2nd ,  two 3rds ,  and the two players it wanted . Football prognosticators &gt weather forecasters &gt political pollsters . Titans deactivated RB Javon Ringer ,  which means rookie RB Jamie Harper backs up CJ today . Jags deactivated DE Aaron Kampman . Aaron Hernandez taken away from his house in handcuffs . Colts have informed outside linebacker Dwight Freeney that his contract will not be renewed . With McCloughan sidelined ,  49ers will lean heavily on director of player personnel Trent Baalke and director of pro personnel Tom Gamble . Steelers restructured contracts of WR Antonio Brown ,  TE Heath Miller ,  Shaun Suisham ,  creating nearly 6 million of cap room for ,  per sources . RT @Mtvrdik10 Hey man who's the tall guy in the pic  ?   ...  It's @ScottHastings . Used to play for the Nuggets ,  now does radioTV in Denver . LB Rocky McIntosh signed an injury protection agreemeent and will join Redskins offseason program in hopes of jump starting negotiations . Wise words . RT @SIPeterKing You can send Stafon Johnson good wishes @stafon13. Do it . He needs them right now . Arizona is closing in on a long anticpated deal to trade Pro Bowl wide receiver Anquan Boldin . Leading contender Baltimore . KC also in . Seahawks released former Giants CB Terrell Thomas ,  per league source . Roger Goodell told the Chargers ,  Raiders and Rams this week that there will not be a team that moves to LA for next season ,  per sources . Terrell Suggs has torn biceps . Doctors say there are some torn biceps players can play through ,  others they can't . Thus ,  2nd opinion needed . RT @HookemTXJS Are Texans going after any big FA wrs  ?   ...  Need to keep Connor Barwin ,  Glover Quin . Plus Shane Lechler would like Houston . Darrelle Revis uncle ,  Sean Gilbert ,  penned a superb book for sports management classes called The 29 Million Tip.What's better than going for your annual physicalcheck up and being fortunate enough to get a clean bill of health  ?  Another DE for the Patriots RT @mrcarter99 I am proud to announce that I will be playing for the New England Patriots for the 2011 season . RT @JCremens hopefully they don't ask you to forecast the two teams who will be playing  !   ...  2014 Super Bowl forecast is Philly vs . SD . There's a soon to be opening for Mike Holmgren if he wants . RT @NFLFanHouse Report Seattle GM Tim Ruskell to Resign  . JJ Watt's 6 yr ,  100M contract gives him an average salary of 16.6M per year ,  the richest deal  any NFL defensive player . If the NFL draft were held today ,  the Browns would have the No . 1 and No . 5 overall picks  via Texans in Deshaun Watson trade .Trade between Washington and New Orleans for OT Jammal Brown definitely does not involve Redskins DT Albert Haynesworth . Look for Ravens LB Terrell Suggs and Steelers S Troy Polamalu each will miss about a month . But they won't play vs . each other next week . Despite chatter over past week ,  Jets and Ryan Fitzpatrick are not any closer to a deal . Salary stalemate continues . And could for a while . Terrell Suggs accuses Roger Goodell of having a role in Super Bowl blackout during an interview on ESPN's E60 that will air tonight . Peyton Manning prefers to stay in the AFC but is open to playing in the NFC . NFL policy is that suspensions are for games ,  not bye weeks . So new Patriots CB Aqip Talib is not eligible to play until Nov . 18 vs . Indy . Reggie Bush 1st Lions player with 90 Rush yds and 100 Rec yds in game since Barry Sanders in 1990 .Patriots DE Rob Ninkovich ,  33 ,  is expected to announce his retirement on Sunday afternoon ,  per @MikeReiss . Hey @mortreport . Johnny Cash's Tour Bus has absolutely nothing on us . Clarification Cardinals brought RB Beanie Wells off IR being that he was eligible to return . Bears WR Alshon Jeffery is officially inactive . OLB Pernell McPhee is active . Cleveland just traded up   has to be Colt McCoy . #nfldraft . So now Peyton Manning and John Elway have followed a strikingly similar career path . Each has gone from the Colts to the Broncos . Who's hotter ,  Daniel Murphy or Ben Watson  ?  My friend David Buchbinder told me about his brother Steven's near death experience . He has dash cam video as proof . Saints will be unable to return to New Orleans until this afternoon at the earliest after their plane could not take off from SEA last night . Detroit can get the offensive line help it needs right here ... Giants giving former Cowboys DE George Selvie 1 year ,  1.4 million deal that includes 200K signing bonus . Reunited with USF teammate JPP . Happy 41st birthday to Grandpa Brett Favre . Another reason to be leery of San Diego . RT @jimsteeg Chargers balance of schedule is collectively 20 35 . Jaguars HC Gus Bradley ruled out QB Blaine Gabbert from starting Sunday at Oakland . Chad Henne now gets start . Kurt Warner been named this weeks NFC Offensive Player of the Week. Five touchdown throws does that . We all should be as fortunate as Andy Rooney ,  to to do something we love for as long as he did . RIP ,  Mr . Rooney . RT @albertbreer Fun while it lasted  ...  NFL Network now saying that Mays' 4.24 was actually a 4.43. Still fast . Not superhuman ,  though . Dolphins first round draft pick DeVante Parker is unlikely to play today vs Seahawks due to hamstring injury ,  per source . Six Points Andrew Luck's injury is not coincidental.From out of nowhere to this ...  And no ,  they didn't get his jersey number wrong ,  that 11 just means he's the 11th ...  When SportsCenter debuted Tiger Woods and Peyton Manning were 3 ,  Brian Urlacher was 1 ,  neither Williams sister ,  Venus nor Serena ,  was born . Sure sounds like Bill Cowher is gearing up to return to football next season . He is warmer than ever to idea . Carolina makes most sense . Bills' RB Boobie Dixon Jets game next Sunday is our Super Bowl.Worth noting RT Lane Johnson is on Eagles' initial 53 man roster . Looming 10 game suspension not yet official . No SD for Vick ... RT @ccpearce Norv said today there's no need here . 3 QB's that are good . Volek has won more big games in his car than Vick . Dont'a Hightower's Pittsburgh visit has concluded and he remains in talks with Steelers ,  Jets and Patriots . Browns' K Patrick Murray hurt his knee during practice today ,  per team official . Needs an MRI . Q for Sun . Browns need to try out kickers . Vikings announce Christian Ponder as starting QB . Vick's agent Joel Segal Mike is thankful to Commissioner Goodell ,  is excited for the opportunity and he looks forward to resuming play.RT @MarcusMcNeill73 @MarcusMcNeill#73 of the SD Chargers announces 3rd annual Mack's Miracles Charity Weekend  . Bears elevated T James Marten to the active roster from the practice squad today and waived vested veteran LB Cato June . Word around NFL is that when Andrew Luck and Russell Wilson get new deals next year ,  they will come in between 24 25 million per year . One more Barrel Man tribute RT @DrewLitton There's a tribute cartoon online now at  . Somebody explain to me how Drew Brees' QB rating today was a 137 ,  not a perfect 158.3. Stat should be abolished on that basis alone . And as i was saying before I was so rudely interrupted at 8 pm ... Bet Geno Smith ,  Manti Te'o and no RBs wind up going in round one . Steelers S Troy Polamalu ,  LB LaMarr Woodley and Bengals RB Cedric Benson all active today . Not to sound like Al Roker or anything ,  but it's raining . And is supposed to all week . It's raining in Canton . Football gods must be sad Bob Hayes and Derrick Thomas aren't here for their long deserved day . Jets offiicially have placed WR Santonio Holmes on injured reserve with a Lisfranc injury in his left foot and signed WR Jason Hill . 49ers have requested interviews with Cardinals defensive coordinator Todd Bowles and Seahawks DC Dan Quinn ,  per @JosinaAnderson . Same thing   like potatopotato . RT @smedleybb @AdamSchefter difference between IR and Reserve Injured  ? RT @Edwerderespn Filed to ESPN Despite Rob Gronkowski having another week of practice ,  @Patriots no longer expect TE to play vs Saints . If the world does end Saturday ,  then consider it one of the higest honors to be working on the very last NFL Live at 4 p.m . today . Steelers made tough decision to release LB James Harrison . RT @JamesRivenbark Do players still get paid if they're injured or placed on IR  ?   ...  Sure do . Vikings CB Xavier Rhodes signed a 6 year ,  78.126 million extension ,  including 41M gtd ,  tying him to Minnesota through 2022 ,  per source . Cardinals S Tyrann Mathieu tore his ACL . Ravens gave HC John Harbaugh an extension that runs through 2019 ,  per source . Previous deal torn up . How happy is John Harbaugh that Jim Harbaugh jumped to the NFL when he did  ?  Roddy White and Kenny Britt having career days . Browns torching Drew Brees . Panthers just tied Niners . Football madness . Jaguars released veteran defensive end Reggie Hayward and first year offensive lineman Cameron Stephenson . Official announcement on Brock Osweiler trade  . Bucs WR Antonio Bryant is active and starting against the Panthers . Bucs announc CB C.J . Wilson involved in a fireworks accident over July 4th holiday . Injured one of his hands . Indications are it's serious . Lions want to see how WR Marvin Jones feels before today's game before making decision on whether he's active . Looked better at practice Fri . 4. Incognito to Martin ,  all on same VM in April 2013  Expletive  you ,  you're still a rookie . I'll kill you.RT @MasterStroda No McFadden this week  !  ?   ...  Sounds that way . Need to try to get him ready for next Thursday vs . San Diego . Vance Joseph said Broncos' LB Shane Ray has a torn ligament in his wrist and will miss 6 8 weeks . A group of NFL players want a month dedicated to racial equality and criminal justice reform ,  per Yahoo ...  No tag on Packers WR Greg Jennings ,  per @alexmarvez ,  and no tag on Titans TE Jared Cook ,  per @jwyattsports . That's amore  . For all those that asked   and now it's time to go from x's and o's to zzz's RT @TLangland  . Cris Carter just said ,  Don't be surprised if Brad Childress starts using Chester Taylor more and more down the stretch . Lions RB Jahvid Best has grade two turf toe and is considered day to day . He should be ready this week unless pain is unbearable . Sounds like McNabb won't be only star in D.C . RT @BusterESPN Strasburg in Class AAA 12 innings ,  1 hit ,  2 walks ,  0 runs ,  14 strikeouts . Spirit of Dick Rehbein ,  who helped push the Patriots to draft Tom Brady but never saw him blossom ,  lives on ...  Today's My Wish Dustin Pedroia ...  #MyWish . Filed to ESPN Former Seahawks president Tim Ruskell has agreed to become the Bears director of player personnel . Questionable . Very . RT @kurtvan @AdamSchefter Any word on Percy Harvin for Sunday  ?  Three days before Seattle's playoff game in Chicago ,  Seahawks QB coach Jedd Fisch accepted OCQB coach job at University of Miami . Wonder if we spoke to same guy today . Got same . RT @MoveTheSticks NFL Exec told me today Florida DE Carlos Dunlap will be draft's 1st pick . Double Doppler alert Weather expected to be major factor today in games with Ravens Bears ,  Browns Bengals ,  Jets Bills . Filed to ESPN Matt Flynn has agreed to terms witj Seattle on a 3 yr contract worth up to 26M w10M guaranteed . Always wondered when a football player would hurt himself celebrating like Angels' first baseman Kendry Morales did after game winning HR . It would be an enormous upset if the NFL's season opening Thursday night game on Sept . 9 were not Minnesota at New Orleans . Good news ,  Southern California Local blackout lifted for Chargers Dolphins game . The player that @SageRosenfels18 calls the best pure man to man corner in the NFL signing his contract today ,  alo  . RT @JoeSteelerFan Adam ,  do you wear suits every day and talk football in off season  ?   ...  Actually sleep in a suit to be ready to go live . Houston Texans reached agreement with WR Jacoby Jones on a 3 year ,  10.5 million deal that includes 3.5 million guranteed . Now that I've picked up my great new ear gear from  . Broncos DE Derek Wolfe is being evaluated for a cervical spine injury . Steelers announced they placed DE Brett Keisel on injured reserve due to torn triceps injury he suffered during Sundays game . RT @djwedge73 Elijah's foundation &gt  . Eagles announced they have acquired WR Dorial Green Beckham from Tennessee Titans in exchange for GT Dennis Kelly . Josh Gordon announced he is not returning to Browns next week and instead will enter an in patient rehab facility . Saints QB Drew Brees blames Thursday night games for injuries . Browns' WR Terrelle Pryor  Sr.  has a hamstring injury ,  and ,  as Hue Jackson said ,  we will see how he goes through the week.As @Edwerderespn reported ,  Adrian Peterson will receive his full salary this season   11.75M . Good hire Titans hired Chris Palmer as the teams offensive coordinator . Packers QB Aaron Rodgers underwent arthroscopic knee surgery shortly after GB's playoff loss to Arizona ,  per @jasonjwilde and @RobDemovsky . This is bouncing back ... well done . A different form of hanging Chads in Florida Dolphins making change at QB   going from Chad Henne to Chad Pennington . Looks like Marty Schottenheimer could soon be following Jerry Glanville to the UFL  . When Saints LB Mark Simoneau tore his triceps ,  it created a battle of Derricks . LBs Derrick Brooks and Derek Smith work out for Saints . Big night for fantasy drafts across the country . Good luck to all those drafting   except the other 11 teams in OGBA league . Thoughts  ?  RT @ProFootballWkly PFW's top ranked QBs 1. Barkley 2. Nassib 3. Manuel 4. Wilson 5. Dysert 6. Geno Smith . Like it or not ,  the Super Bowl will be played in a stadium now called Sun Life Stadium . So the NFL now has its version of the Sun Bowl . book . 49ers RB Carlos Hyde officially inactive . Opposing kickers have not missed a FG against Chargers since Dec . 13 ,  2009 ,  when then Dallas K Nick Folk missed 42 yard field go vs . SD . Hue Jackson said Browns WR Josh Gordon will start Sunday vs Chargers . With the Giants stuck in KC ,  it all makes sense. Brett Favre and the Giants BOTH are questionable for Sunday . Former Giants WR Mario Manningham is scheduled to meet former team in NJ on Monday ,  per source . Manningham highly interested in returning . The full transcript of ...  RT @judybattista @TheJetsStream Perhaps the single greatest player conference call . False start ,  Boston Globe.An instant collector's item  . RT @drabtshirt you're up Okung . Great point from @sdutChargers If Santonio Holmes get 50 million ,  including 24 million guaranteed ,  what will Vincent Jackson want  ?  And right there is the ultimate proof as to why it would be better to wait until the end of the season before voting on these awards . Browns promoted Ray Farmer to GM ,  have let go of Michael Lombardi and are having Joe Banner transition out of organization in next 2 months . Roger Goodell said bounty punishments not likely this week.Like this ,  too   some  for our public schools ,  some  for our needy children . RT @3PointPlayer how about proceeds to public schools  ?  Friday 10 Spot Colin Kaepernick can't cash in ,  what Niners do with Alex Smith ,  O.J . Brigance and more . Very challenging disease to live with and play through . RT @airtas @AdamSchefter what does type 1 diabetes have to do with cutler deal . Panthers coach John Fox said today he's standing behind Jake Delhomme ,  but it's going to be hard to do it much longer with any more INTs . Each NFL game this weekend will feature a moment of silence before it for Al Davis . As it should be . Judge Paul A . Crotty is hearing todays motion ,  and he now has the authority to empower or derail the Dallas Cowboys season . Chargers have claimed wide receiver and kick returner Michael Spurlock off waivers from Jacksonville . Baltimore now expected to re sign OT Eugene Monroe ,  per sources . OTs flew off market . This is as hard to imagine as San Diego winning AFC West last year   Denver and San Diego tied for first this year . RT @adbrandt Here we go again the NFLPA has filed a collusion claim against the NFL regarding the 2010 uncapped  ...  Panthers rookie RB Tyler Gaffney tore lateral meniscus in his left knee and is out for season . How the Titans are planning to make the Raiders opening day job even more difficult .  #KnowThemFromAdamA Fantasy Football Preview with @MatthewBerryTMR ,  @FieldYates and trainer Pete Bommarito ...  Jets G Matt Slauson appealing the 10,000 fine the league hit him and @JayGlazer reported on . Former Texans WR Jacoby Jones reached agreement with the Ravens on a two year ,  7 million deal ,  per league source . As @MikeReiss reports ,  Patriots sign DL Armond Armstead ,  formerly of USC & CFL ,  per sources . Scouts believe he can make an impact . After being tested for a concussion ,  Washington RB Samaje Perine now cleared to return . Falcons to limit Julio Jones in practice ,  but they expect he'll be ready to play . RT @jamescurtin3 Why would pats claim him  ?  Couldnt they save  by signing him if no one claims him  ?  .. Smart . But he'd have to go unclaimed . Falcons twitter account has RB Jerious Norwood starting ,  but even if he does ,  Jason Snelling is expected to get bulk of carries . Looks like end of Danny Woodhead in New England ...  RT @LeonWashington #Blessed Lets Go #Pats  . At least three teams took Robert Quinn off their boards because of the brain tumor that doctors discovered while he was in high school . More breaking news . RT @richarddeitsch Tom Brokaw involved in three vehicle accident  . When President Obama calls for a new era of civility ,  the hope and prayer is that everyone listens . NFL spokesman Michael Signora confirmed league is reviewing Broncos' S T.J . Ward's ejection . But hefty fine ,  no suspension ,  is expected . Colts signed free agent running back Javarris James and terminated linebacker Tyjuan Hagler . Josh McCown will be the starting quarterback on Monday night against the Ravens . Shanahan 2  ... so he took him earlier than we all wanted . His love for his family was unprecedented and I will forever miss him.ESPNDallas.com now reporting that TCU and HC Gary Patterson have agreed on long term contract extension   no Notre Dame for Patterson . KC RB Jamaal Charles has a sprained ankle ,  per source . How soon he plays will be based on how he feels and can move on it . So uncertainty . Cam contract includes 22.5M signing bonus ,  7.5M roster bonus due June 6 ,  and 1M salary this season ,  paying Newton 31 million this year . Marcus Mariota officially inactive . Penn State defensive back D'Anton Lynn worked out at the combine with a torn calf muscle that now will sideline him four to six weeks . One reason Pittsburgh picked OSU OT Mike Adams Steelers used a league high 25 different offensive line combinations last season . RT @DCFanaticRadio What's latest on Skins pursuit of Shanahan  ?   ...  Dan Snyder and Shanahan friends since late 90s . I expect them to meet . Three teams that have debated making a run at Chargers WR Vincent Jackson are Redskins ,  Seahawks and Bears . Trade still a longshot . Bills are adamant they are not trading for Matt Leinart ,  despite discussions they did have this summer with the Cardinals for the QB . RT @proCanes Any guess as to where Edge might go ,  or it's over  ?  Pats Jets  ?  &lt  Yeah ,  home . He might be waiting a long while for a call . Seattle traded CB Kelly Jennings to Cincinnati in exchange for DT Clinton McDonald . The other team to watch out for on Mark Herzlich is the New York Giants ,  who have strong Boston College connections . RT @adbrandt TranslationI know and have known. RT Wouldn't be summer without Bus Cook quote I don't know ,  I don't know when I will . With Eric Wright in Tampa ,  Carlos Rogers in SF ,  Cortland Finnegan in St . Louis ,  that leaves Brandon Carr for Dallas . Deal there likely . Check that broken nose belly buster . #WorldCup  stick to football .Trent Dilfer on @MikeAndMike this am I don't know if Tony Romo will ever see the field again as the quarterback of the Dallas Cowboys.Eagles signed TE Zach Ertz to a five year contract extension thru 2021. Eagles believe big things await him . Bills WRs have only 45 catches this season ,  fewest in NFL . Their RBs have 47 ,  making them only team with more receptions from RBs than WRs . And Saints HC Sean Payton announced DE Kenyon Coleman has been lost with a season ending chest injury . RT @LadyProducerSN Jim Tressel's out ,  huh  ?  In other shocking news ,  lots of people are gonna barbecue today . RT @HellaHazard wonders what @AdamSchefter was munching on when @mikeandmike came back from commercial break  ...  Oatmeal . A 3 3 game never has been as exciting as this Bears Packers game . Teams going to training camp today Bengals ,  Chiefs ,  Steelers ,  Giants ,  49ers ,  Bucs . Steelers will have 2 surprise visitors tomorrow former Broncos HC Mike Shanahan and his DC Bob Slowik . And next up on a big payday for the 49ers   TE Vernon Davis . And btw ,  what would HOF S Ronnie Lott in his prime command today  ?  Sheesh . Chargers signed three draft choices LB Melvin Ingram  first round  ,  DE Kendall Reyes  second round  and C David Molk  seventh round .Bills re signed RFA DB George Wilson and LB Keith Ellison ,  ERFA LB Jon Corto ,  DB Cary Harris and TE Jonathan Stupar and WR Felton Huggins . In a deal done and confirmed by @jeffsperbeck ,  former Texans guard Mike Brisiel has signed with the Oakland Raiders . FIU safety Johnathan Cyprien is having a private workout at FIU today for Bengals DC Mike Zimmer . Browns and Falcons officials were informed at this weeks owners meetings of the discipline that is expected to ...  Filed to ESPN New Orleans is trading RB Darren Sproles to Philadelphia ,  per source . Colts re signed LB Tyjuan Hagler ,  who once was an effective player in Indianapolis . Former Miami Dolphins' DT Earl Mitchell plans to sign with 49ers ,  per league source . Big pickup before league year begins . Bucs GM Jason Licht and new MIA GM Dennis Hickey were scheduled to meet Weds to discuss future . Hickey would have been kept and evaluated . Al Davis and Tom Cable did not meet Friday ,  and there's no predicting events in Oakland . But there are some believes as to what will unfold . guy . PART 2 Until the review complete ,  Johnson should refrain from practicing or participating in team activities . Chiefs on bye week this week . Too sad . Former Cowboys LB Godfrey Myles gone too soon . RIP . Umm ,  no ...  RT @lewdubuque @AdamSchefter So you're saying there is hope for Cleveland to make the playoffs this year  ?  Broncos now have wrapped up their near four hour meeting in KC with Chiefs special teams coach Dave Toub ,  per source . On to Atlanta . Eagles signed DB Jaylen Watkins from Buffalo's practice squad and placed CB Nolan Carroll on Injured Reserve list  broken ankle .Steelers WR Martavis Bryant has yet to be reinstated by NFL  . Bills Raiders   fantastic game . So from now through Wednesday ,  it's just the way Buffalo likes the T.O . reality show on field and the T.O . reality show on Monday night . New Eagles' OL Josh Kline might not be in Philly long   or at all . Eagles already in deep discussions to trade Kline ,  sources tell ESPN . Packers president Mark Murphy weighs in  . Cardinals received a 24 hour extension to the TV blackout deadline from the NFL . Team has till tomorrow to sell out or be blacked out . LSU guard Trai Turner has decided to enter the 2014 NFL Draft . And @mortreport ,  on an Andre Johnson like roll ,  reporting Steelers QB Byron Leftwich fractured two ribs and is unlikely start vs . Cleveland . Bryce Petty will start at QB for Jets this week vs Patriots . Giants' safety Bennett Jackson may have suffered serious knee injury ...  RT @SAINTROYCE are Merriman trade talks dead  ?   ...  For now ,  yes . But camp brings injuries ,  season brings trade deadline . Things happen . Seahawks WR Jermaine Kearse reiterated Thursday that he does not plan to return to Seattle and is looking forward to finding a new home . No practice today for Bills WR Sammy Watkins   foot soreness . Jadeveon Clowney fills trash cans from Jacksonville with toys and gives them away . Vince Young told @BrentCarney he's retiring from the NFL . LaRon Landry reached agreement with the Jets on a one year ,  4 million deal . Lions RB Mikel Leshoure has accepted role as backup . But he's wide open to being traded to a team that would rely on him more . Please tweet C'mon man !  suggestions for Monday Night Countdown   criticisms of plays ,  not teams   to @Tunasweasel . He'll use best . Thanks . Still no appeal date set for Seahawks CB Brandon Browner . My midseason awards and weekly 10 Spot   . The Dunkin' Donuts boxes in Baltimore  which I don't believe are for sale in Massachusetts . RT @renandrs Chicago pick belongs to Denver right  ?   ...  Correct . And Denver's first belongs to Seattle . So Broncos will pick 10th or 11th . Chargers TE Antonio Gates is active today vs . the Jets . Jim Harbaugh dumps trademark khakis for more fashionable garb . Here it is  . And @mortreport is reporting that ,  pending a physical ,  former Jets QB Mark Sanchez is expected to sign with the Eagles . Don Yee on whether Colts WR Austin Collie suffered a concussion Sunday night It would be premature to conclude anyth  . RT @pronkville08 If a new CBA is in place by deadline tomorrow ,  I owe you a 100 Outback gift card . Deal  ?   ...  If we make it for Houston's . Sometimes people wonder how to get info . Here's a time tested method . If nothing else ,  the NFL gave the NFLPA something to think about today with its last ditch proposal . NFLPA now deciding what's next . Rematch  not really  Steelers open the preseason Thurs night ,  Aug . 13 ,  against Arizona Cardinals . Starting tomorrow and lasting through Feb . 25 ,  teams can slap their franchise tags on players  and really anger them ,  too .Jacksonville DE Aaron Kampman out for season with torn ACL ,  according to Jaguars twitter account . More details on VJ . RT @espn San Diego Chargers' Vincent Jackson suspended 3 games by NFL ,  source says    . Former Patriots DT Kyle Love signed a one year deal with the Chiefs . Texans reached a 5 year agreement with Derek Newton ,  per league source . Happy 38th birthday to Terrell Owens . Not too hard to guess one of the gifts he'd like for his birthday ,  though the clock is running . So ,  in latest chain of eventsRaiders WR Michael Crabtree will be suspended one game.Broncos CB Aqib Talib suspended one game . Shy Anderson ,  seen cleaning Jerry Jones' glasses ,  has come up with a product for sale soon on  . To set record straight McNabb's niece ,  Tamika Nurse ,  plays guard for Bowling Green . She has managed to bring McNabb to Buffalo . First thought upon seeing Antonio Gates' full deal What do Vincent Jackson ,  Marcus McNeill and Shawne Merriman think  ?  Oh boy ... Off his visit to the Jets ,  Rams' WR Chris Givens is visiting Eagles today . Carolina is placing its franchise tag on C Ryan Kalil . Check that Seahawks and former Bills RB Fred Jackson agree to 1 year deal ,  source tells ESPN . Bills RB Fred Jackson tweeted he's going to play today vs . Chiefs . RT @ProStarSports With Hanson out ,  CONGRATS to DAVE RAYNER on winning the workout battle today and signing with the Lions  !  Way to go ,  Dave  !  Baltimore has needed a return man for what seems like forever . Now has one in Devin Hester on a one year deal . Despite being listed as questionable for Sunday vs . Saints with ankle injury ,  Lions QB Matthew Stafford is expected to play ,  per source . Prize  . A blow to Jacksonville Jags placed rookie defensive tackle DAnthony Smith and center John Estes on season ending injured reserve . During today's appeal ,  Tom Brady is testifying under oath ,  per source . Aldon Smith walked out of jail and told KGO that it is was not a DUI ,  the truth will be told ,  and he apologized to fans . Packers and CB Sam Shields will not have a deal done before free agency starts and Shields will test market . Still could return to GB later . Here we go . RT @MaryKayCabot Cleveland Browns should take Tannehill ,  no big dropoff from RG3 ,  says ESPN's Todd McShay  . Today ,  NFL Players Association formally filed an appeal of indefinite suspension of Ray Rice by the NFL . Mrs75.Before inaugural show of NFL Insiders . Tune in now on ESPN2 ...  LA Kings have won 3 straight games  Game 7 of Western Conf . final Games 1 and 2 of Stanley Cup Final  without leading a single second . Redskins announced LB Brian Orakpo tore his left pec and is out for the year . Patriots signed WR Kenbrell Thompkins to their practice squad . Browns named Brian Hoyer their starting QB . Saints said they have reached agreement on a 5 year deal with former Falcons LB Curtis Lofton . TY RT @PaulGargano Agree 100% with @AdamSchefter It's called objectivity   not everyone has it ,  but it's critical to good journalism . On this weeks podcast ,  ask your football and non football questions using #AskAdam . Please tweet them to us . Then  . Bills fired Chan Gailey . Steelers deactivated LB LaMarr Woodley and C Maurkice Pouncey . San Francisco 49ers announced they have released K David Akers . UCLA LB Myles Jack will not attend tonight's draft ,  will watch in at a Chicago hotel instead ,  per source . Colts hired psychologists to improve Chuck Pagano Ryan Grigson relationship . OK ,  that time of the week again . That time for our weekly NFL Power Rankings.1. Steelers  5 1   Steelers did not  ...  Packers have promoted QB Joe Callahan to roster from their practice squad ,  per @RobDemovsky . Brett Hundley and Callahan up next . By playing in today's playoff game ,  49ers QB Alex Smith will trigger a 1 million bonus in his contract . A rewarding season becomes more so . And no Ravens RB Ray Rice with his team on Monday ,  either . One more no show . Despite being listed as questionable ,  Bills RB LeSean McCoy will play today vs . Patriots.And word is Buffalo's tailgates are underway . Guess me and @OGOchoCinco have different definitions of blissful nights ,  but there's nothing wrong with that . After missing out on CJ Anderson ,  Dolphins moving in on another CJ former Cards' RB Chris Johnson ,  who's visiting Miami today ,  per source . NFL investigating Steelers' assistant coach for allegedly assaulting a Patriots' fan Thursday night . Lions traded WR Jeremy Kerley to San Francisco for OL Brandon Thomas ,  pending physicals for both players ,  per league source . Raiders placed second round tender on LB Ricky Brown ,  a one time undrafted free agent from Boston College . Giants RB David Wilson ,  who recently underwent neck surgery ,  is ahead of schedule and expected to be ready for training camp ,  per source . Giants signed veteran K Mike Nugent to compete with Aldrick Rosas . NFL fines used to support NFLPA Players Assistance Trust and charitable initiatives supporting youth ,  education and medical research . Panthers' HC Ron Rivera said he plans to start RB Cameron Artis Payne vs Vikings . Free agent safety Brandon Meriweather plans to visit the Denver Broncos tonight . Colts signed former Steelers RB Chris Rainey . John Fox has been trying to round up his assistant coaches all morning . Deal with Denver had been in works all day . RT @BrianAintLyin Terence Newman .  ...  Your spelling is right ,  mine was wrong . Regret the error . Bears DE Mark Anderson signed his one year tender offer from the Bears . 49ers have invited United States Army Captain Mike Viti to address the teams rookie class on Friday ,  June 6 ,  the 70th anniversary of D Day . Seahawks have agreed to terms with cornerback Roy Lewis ,  guard Deuce Lutui and linebacker Barrett Ruud . Rams cancelled practice today due to confirmed cases of swine flu . Sheesh . Packers RB James Starks is inactive today . J.J . Watt is eligible to come off injured reserve for first time this week ,  but Houston has no plans to activate him this season ,  per source . Story on LAX police detaining 49ers LB Aldon Smith ...  Two games in ,  ESPN.com's NFL power rankings . My partner ,  @morteport ,  reporting that Lions WR Calvin Johnson will start today at Seattle . Arizona State officially has hired Herm Edwards as its head coach . There will be a press conference Monday to announce his hiring . By the end of Monday ,  the Arizona Cardinals will finalize their deal with first round pick Dan Williams . The @michigandailys first football book is on sale . Proceeds support student journalists at the paper . Buy a copy at  . Colts announced Chuck Pagano has agreed to a contract extension . Former Oklahoma RB Joe Mixon reached a civil settlement agreement Friday with the woman he punched almost three years ago . Bears and former Jets WR Santonio Holmes have agreed to terms ,  per team source . A NJ asst coach ,  Jon Goldstein ,  beloved in his community ,  passed away . RIP . Former Giants RB Ahmad Bradshaw is visiting the Colts today ,  and that makes a lot of sense . QB changes in New England . Not only are Patriots signing QB Andrew Walter ,  but they're also going to be releasing QB Matt Guttierez . Detroit's haul continues Former Texans S Glover Quin reached agreement with the Lions . Cam Newton sat out Panthers' 1st play due to dress code violation . For those that didn't get it . RT @nothreeputt  Uber new download  . NFL  Tottenham Hotspur announced at least 2 games per year for next 10 years will be @ English Premier League teams new stadium in London . Tom Brady's big reveal ,  via @KVanValkenburg ...  Rams' 1 year deal with former Titans WR Kenny Britt includes 550K guaranteed . DeShaun Watson leads NFL in TD passes and is first rookie to throw at least three TD passes in three consecutive games . Cardinals have reached an agreement on a one year contract with veteran defensive end Dwight Freeney ,  per @mortreport . A great Grantland 30 for 30 film on the iconic Honus Wagner Card by the Barnicle Brothers . Watch it ...  ahead . Former Saints' G Jahri Evans ,  a six time Pro Bowl selection ,  is scheduled to visit Seattle on Friday ,  per source . Seahawks a good fit . Confirmed . Statements coming . RT @bydavidwhite Raiders have two OTA days taken away by NFL for apparent violations   2nd time since 2007.Ravens signed former Seahawks WR Chris Matthews to practice squad.Panthers signed former Pats CB Ras I Dowling to their practice squad . Seahawks placed CB Jeremy Lane on IR designated for return with a groin injury ,  per league source . Cam clearly confident at Panthers' first training camp practice  . Update on @Hasselbeck's son RT @carolmayer Ended up with one team  Kentucky  in Final Four . He's ranked 12,923 overall ,  in 99.8 percentile . And so a 6 game suspension for Cowboys RB Ezekiel Elliott now looms ... Bucs WR Mike Evans reverses his position on the National Anthem  . RT @avatar81 @AdamSchefter And here I thought the Browns couldn't catch anything ... RT @CDRtheBotz I've never heard someone say tender more than you .  ...  I'm a tender guy who enjoys chicken tenders when discussing tenders . RT @THEBehuniak Best draft goes to  ?   ...  Like what Seattle ,  Baltimore ,  San Francisco ,  Carolina ,  Philadelphia and New England did a lot . Redskins released safety Oshiomogho Atogwe and fullback Mike Sellers.First time in eight games against Peyton Manning that Terrell Suggs was able to sack him . This will replay for years ... and years ... and years . Done deal . RT @MarkMaske Redskins have signed Pat White ,  a source confirms . Fans with tickets to today's Packers Lions game can use their ticket from game and be admitted free tomorrow night w no reserved seating . Chiefs are removing LB Tamba Hali  knee  off the PUP list and he will begin practicing today ,  per source . Al Davis ,  one of the most legendary figures in sports history ,  is gone . Prayers for his family and honor to his memory . RIP . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . On @NFL32 ,  on ESPN2 at 6 ET ,  we'll have Vikings QB Christian Ponder and Rams RB Steven Jackson to match with Eric Mangini and Jon Ritchie . Broadway taking advantage of SB Randall Cobb ,  Joique Bell ,  Ahman Green will make their Broadway stage debuts this week in Rock of Ages . Peyton misses nothing ...  Former Eagles S @k4coleman ,  Kurt Coleman ,  has agreed to terms w the Vikings . #KnowThemFromAdam Pats QB @JimmyG10 on trade rumors . Plus @DeSeanJackson11 on free agency ,  playing with great QB.A jury ruled today that Brandon Marshall did not assault a woman in 2012 and is not responsible for damages ,  per attorney Harvey Steinberg . At least one team took Cowboys WR Dez Bryant off its draft board due to an irregular heartbeat . Other teams aware of issue . #nfldraft . Part I New Orleans signed quarterback Chase Daniel off its practice squad on to its 53 man roster to be the No . 3 quarterback Sunday . RT @McKnightWriter Smart hire . Pete & Cable coachedrecruited vs each other a lot in 2000s ,  USC vs UCLA . #keepyourformerenemiesclose . Lions DE Cliff Avril passed his physical and signed his 10.6 million franchise tender . Keeping Gruden like hours with the 317 am wakeup . About an hour from now ,  Herm Edwards will be up . Nice to keep up with the coaches . At one point during owners meetings in Dallas ,  Giants owner John Mara and Steelers owner Art Rooney cleared out ...  Baltimore hosts Divisional Playoff game Sunday ,  Jan . 15 at 100 pm ET . Green Bay will host Divisionval Playoff game Sunday at 430 ET . Jay Cutler will have surgery Saturday and go on IR . Season over and Bears career likely over . show . Bears reached agreement with former Jaguars punter Adam Podlesh on a five year contract . Saints claimed former Packers QB Joe Callahan on waivers ,  per source . no . Jamie Collins' four year deal with the Browns includes 26.5 million guaranteed ,  making him the NFL's highest paid ILB ,  per source . Prayers to his family . Gone way too soon . Dolphins plan to release S Yeremiah Bell . Bucs signed CB Marcus McCauley and placed FB B.J . Askew on the Non Football Injury List ,  ending his 2009 season . Texans announce they are traveling back to Houston after local authorities have found a safe route for team to drive home today . Just as significant Kendra is back in Philly . Raiders officially signed former Bills' QB EJ Manuel . Packers signed former Oregon TE Colt Lyerla . Landing Ryan Mathews does not end Philadelphia's pursuit of Dallas free agent RB DeMarco Murray . Hardly . So one Cowboys' starting CB goes to Ravens ,  their other starting CB goes to Jets ,  but Dallas has good year to find strong CBs in the draft . Not that it changes anything from yesterday ,  but Bengals activated OT Andre Smith to the 53 player roster . RT @BloggerJustinF You forgot Jason Babin and Vince Young ,  too .  ...  Only have 140 characters . The hottest new cell phone on the market ...  NFL sends additional questions to Ezekiel Elliott over assault accusations ,  league sources tell ESPN ...  Rams RB Todd Gurley ,  the first RB picked in this years draft ,  is highly likely to make his NFL debut today vs . Pittsburgh . RIP RT @ESPNEWS Former NBA player Manute Bol died today at age 47. Bol was hospitalized May 12 w acute kidney failure and a skin disease . Browns officially named Dick Jauron as defensive coordinator . Congratulations to Michigan on a great season . Congratulations to Louisville on a championship season . It's a new form of Labor Day . Rookies for the Eagles ,  Patriots . Chargers ,  Texans all report to work this morning . Titans RB DeMarco Murray is good to go vs . Chargers despite foot injury that limited some practice time this week ,  per source . So 4 has come and gone.Joe Thomas still in Cleveland ,  apparently.Joe Staley still in SF ,  apparently.Carry on . Another Chargers official said its premature to say 1st round pick Mike Williams will be ready to make NFL debut next week . Wait continues . Pirate Bill Belichick at the Patriots Halloween party ...  Panthers said practice squad S Marcus Ball swinging a bat ,  no one else . Panthers said bats symbolize home run plays and bringing the wood.At No . 109 ,  Bears take Northwestern DE Corey Wooten . At No . 110 ,  Chargers take Kansas S Darrell Stuckey . #nfldraft . Browns are trying to sign QB Brian Hoyer to a contract extension ,  per sources . Hoyer is headed into last year of his deal . While focus is on Ben Roethlisberger's shoulder ,  greater concern is his injured rib . Roethlisberger's rib injury is rare and dangerous . Two 5.000 yard passers . Two rookie QBs . First chance for Houston . Love the playoffs . Eleven games   two today   to decide one champ . Cool   if you go to the espnnfl page    . RT @blakizback Is shonn greene gonna apologize to LT for the mimic of the taunt TD during playoff  ?   ...  Good ,  and newsworthy ,  question . Bills know wisest course of action is to trade franchise S Jairus Byrd and they now are open to dealing him ,  per sources . Talks ongoing . RT @mulsonation You don't stand a chance . I've had a perfect bracket 3 years running .  ...  Look ,  the '72 Dolphins of bracket pickers . On #KnowThemFromAdam podcast ,  @DeAngeloRB said there are 4 teams he refuses to play for . Please list which 4 here . Just a couple more I's to dot and T's to cross ,  but Rex Ryan now expected to be the next Buffalo Bills HC . First domino falls  !  More actual football stuff ESPN.com ranks the NFL's top 10 pass rushers . Former Steelers OC Bruce Arians has agreed to become the Colts new OC . He's flying to Indianapolis on Monday to review and sign contract . Former Colts and Patriots WR Reggie Wayne likely would be willing to play again   but only in right situation ,  per source . RT @BankyHimself @AdamSchefter What happened to Brian Billick to Bills rumors  ?   ...  New GM Buddy Nix never considered him . RT @RossTuckerNFL Billionaire owners cutting pay 25 35% for team employees who make less than 40K . Why  ?   ...  Hundreds affected . Terrible . Drew Brees ,  Saints 'relatively close' on extension . PART 2 Thus Cutler had the 12 million bonus pushed up into this year . And the potential work stoppage influenced timing of this contract . NFL gave Jonathan Vilma a sworn affidavit from former Saints DC Gregg Williams that the New Orleans LB offered 10,000  . Colts S Antoine Bethea will sign a four year ,  27 million deal that will pay about 18 million over first two years . More at ESPN.comAnd after Former Bills CB @DraytonFlorence visits the Titans on Wednesday ,  he is scheduled to visit the Broncos in Denver . Michigan TD . Nice . Browns QB Robert Griffin III now expected to miss 10 12 weeks with shoulder injury ,  per sources ,  which means his season could well be over . After undergoing off season shoulder surgery ,  Andrew Luck said today he is uncertain whether he will be ready for training camp next month . It's official Chargers called press conference to announce hiring of Mike McCoy . Tim Tebow's fashion statement .  RT @espn Tim Tebow's No . 15 No . 1 in April NFL jersey sales    . In ESPN green room with Buster Olney ,  Jayson Stark ,  Curt Schilling ,  Doug Glanville . Feels like waiting room of a hospital . Keenan Allen ,  the No . 1 rated WR on some boards ,  was red flagged for a drug test at scouting combine in Indy and retested this month . Tom Coughlin said it best Our thoughts are for the safety and well being of everybody who has been and will be impacted by the hurricane.Dr . Dan Cooper ,  Cowboys' team physician ,  performed Jaylon Smith's surgery one week after Fiesta Bowl . Jason Witten says he expects to play at Houston . Witten says he is feeling fine and is having no headaches the day after concussion . Though J . Irsay suggested Andrew Luck could return from lacerated kidney this week ,  uncertainty exists about whenif he'll return this year . RT @Fielding99   @AdamSchefter Please make it clear that his wife's alleged adultery was NOT a good reason for Tom Cable to hit his wife . Losing my mind over all this information Titans RB Lendale White traded to the Seahawks . #nfldraft . Lions and QB Matthew Stafford are on verge on blockbuster extension that could be done as early as today ,  per team source . RT @RayRice27 Had fun doing the interview with @AdamSchefter he was on his tippy toes in the pic lol  ...  False  !  But Ray had on his cleats  !  RT @MikeReiss Damione Lewis still getting used to being a Patriot . He introduced himself at a student assembly as a Carolina Panther . NFL could open facilities as early as Friday so players can use them to discuss issue and sign union cards needed for recertification . First surprising cut   and we're not referring to Windt . RT @Bengals Antonio bryant released along with mike windt . Texans RB Lamar Miller  ankle  will not play tonight vs Bengals ,  per source . Expected to be ready for Titans next week . RT @bhofheimerespn Tedy Bruschi says on NFL Live that Pats have only won games in New England and old England  where they beat Bucs .Chargers second round pick ,  Forrest Lamp ,  is now out for season and their first round pick ,  Mike Williams ,  can't be counted on for season . Cover of today's today's New York Times' sports section . Eagles WR Jermey Maclin is active . Texans OT Duane Brown told @JosinaAnderson that he anticipates 65 70 percent of his teammates will kneel today . Wont remove helmet decals . ICYMI #KnowThemFromAdam @KirkCousins8 unsure if he'll play Week 2 with birth of his first born child . LISTEN  . Statement from NFLPA on Ezekiel Elliott ruling  . Tis the season the Eagles can clinch the NFC East title with a win today against the Bears and if Washington beats  . In recent seasons ,  Jets discussed a Sheldon Richardson trade with Dallas ,  Denver ,  others . Seattle gets it done today . And in non Tebow New England news ,  Patriots worked out former Colts WR Austin Collie ,  per @MikeReiss . Cowboys announced that Dallas LB Anthony Spencer signed his franchise tender . Redskins fined DT Albert Haynesworth between 9,000 and 10,000 for being late to a meeting last week . He will start tonight . Most guaranteed money in NFL history Tom Brady ,  57 million Tony Romo ,  55 million Drew Brees ,  55 million Joe Flacco ,  51 million . Jaguars offensive coordinator Dirk Koetter is interviewing for the Alabama offensive coordinator job today . Police say Aaron Hernandez involved in incident outside of Karma Nightclub on June 6. Police releasing little information about it . Pats QB Tom Brady will not practice today due to his left shoulder injury . Patriots still believe Brady will play Sunday vs . Buffalo . T @davidgarrard9  Just made it official  !  I am a New York Jet  !  Program will include Dungy meeting with players such as Ray Lewis ,  Brian Dawkins and Kurt Warner . When Mike Glennon signs with Bears ,  as expected ,  it will be a three year ,  45 million deal that includes 19 million guaranteed ,  per sources . Before Seattle traded for Jimmy Graham ,  it had trade discussions with Bears about Martellus Bennett . Could have been Bennett Bros in SEA . Vikings' HC Mike Zimmer is out for tonight's game vs . Dallas ,  recovering from emergency eye surgery for a detached retina . One more reason for Steelers OC Todd Haley to dislike the Chiefs ... Ravens have hired Jim Caldwell as their quarterbacks coach . After spending part of Wednesday in hospital ,  Texans QB Matt Schaub took half the snaps at Thursday's practice . Texans sound pleased . Rams HC Jeff Fisher today on who will be his teams' new defensive coordinator It's going to be a collective ,  collaborative effort.Not only is Falcons RB Michael Turner inactive ,  but so is Falcons RB Jerious Norwood . Am told a deal for Jaguars first round pick Justin Blackmon Is not done quite yet but close ,  as @vitostellino has reported . Rob Ryan   who predicted he'd be out of work five minutes   now has his unemployed meter up to over 30,240 minutes . And counting . Bengals placed OT Andre Smith on IR and signed CB Rico Murray off their practice squad . A chance for the Oakland Benglas . RT @CorkOnTheNFL Coach Jackson says WR T.J . Houshmandzadeh will work out for Raiders on Tuesday . Class focuses on biological nutrient cycles . Whatever that means   only Stanford students are smarter enough to figure it out . LeSean McCoy and Bills have agreed on a 16M first year total with 26.5M total guaranteed and 40M over 5 years ,  per @RosenhausSports . Teams still can discuss deals ,  just can't complete them  like NBA in June . At least three teams debating deals for Eagles QB Kevin Kolb . Heartbreaking .  @richarddeitsch Many ESPNers mourning today . Leah Siegel passed away early in the AM  ...  Great and brave woman . The NFL will provide 30 million in funding for medical research to the Foundation for the National Institutes of Health . RT @RichCimini BREAKING Forget D . Revis Jets close to signing C Nick Mangold to extension ,  sources tell ESPN . Cardinals will use their franchise tag on DE Calais Campbell if the two sides cannot work out the new contract they have been discussing . Jaguars have signed veteran free agent linebacker Teddy Lehman . Chris Johnson's streak of 6 straight 1,000 yd seasons is longest active streak in NFL . Nobody has current streak longer than three years . Redskins also never requested   nor will request   a private workout with Andrew Luck ,  feeling they saw what they needed at his pro day . Zorn received the news shortly after the team plane landed . He gathered together his belongings and headed out ,  the 1st HC to lose his job . Patriots placed WR Brandon Gibson on IR with a knee injury . Saints LB coach Joe Vitt also is appealing his six game suspension ,  according to his attorney David Cornwell . No appeal date set yet . An FYI Teamshave until July 15 to sign franchise players to long term deals . Terrell Suggs ,  Julius Peppers   you're on the clock . WR Odell Beckham Jr . appears to have escaped serious injury ...  49ers filling out their coaching staff  . Oakland dives into free agency and lands a familiar face Raiders reached agreement with their safety Michael Huff . Bills HC Rex Ryan optimistic Sammy Watkins can play Sunday . it . Rex Grossman has replaced Donovan McNabb . RT @NFLprguy Only Detroit blacked out this wknd . 108 of 116 games shown locally this season 93% . Wow ,  starting in August ,  no mail on Saturdays   and a 2 billion annual savings for the U.S . Postal Service . With 3 games remaining ,  Peyton Manning is 5 TD passes shy of tying Tom Bradys single season record of 50 from 2007 season . NFLs Compensation Commitee will hold a Monday conference call to discuss commissioner Roger Goodells contract neg  . Patriots' Football Journey Bryan Stork ,  via @LeeSchechter.Indianapolis Colts and Arizona Cardinals open training camp today . Andrew Luck officially out vs . Steelers . RT @scottyjohnson48 Can't believe I'm saying this but I'd appreciate 247 Favre watch if it meant no more Michael Jackson coverage . Another classic Jon Gruden piece on Sportscenter this morning   this time with Clemson RB C.J . Spiller . Emmy type stuff . And this has been a very Good Friday for Tony Romo . Suggested Thursday phrase for Marshawn Lynch Have a good off season . Many quick to criticize reporters when they miss . How bout some props for ESPN's Kelly Naqi and Roger Cossack for getting Ben story right . Not just a Tebow day Six quarterbacks will make their first start of the season in the NFL this weekend . The following letter and accompanying memo were sent to each NFL owner today by Commissioner GoodellSince ...  Dolphins CB Byron Maxwell would have been active today ,  but he injured his hamstring in warmups ,  per source . Jaguars WR Allen Hurns wants to play with footthigh injury ,  and will test it this am ,  but team mindful it has Thursday game vs . Tennessee . Cardinals special teams ace LaRod Stephens Howlings is the best player nobody has heard of . He has dominated special teams today . Buccaneers announced they have placed CB C.J . Wilson ,  who lost two fingers in a July 4th fireworks accident ,  on the ReserveRetired List . How do you think Mike Tomlin or Bill Belichick would feel about one of their players tweeting during the game  ?  Guessing it wouldn't play big . Crossover here NY housewife Jill Zarin on the red carpet at Justin Tuck's event . After deciding to join the Jets ,  WR Derrick Mason said Im looking forward to working under Rex and rejoining some familiar faces.If Denver has Wes Welker ,  Demaryius Thomas and Eric Decker ,  would make sense for KC to have Sean Smith ,  Dunta Robinson and Brandon Flowers . And on a much cheerier note RT @ZackStuehler Happy NFL Schedule Release Day . ESPN Power Rankings 49ers jump to No . 1 Redskins crack top 10. If appeal upholds CB Richard Sherman's suspension Friday ,  he would be out vs SF ,  but there is no indication of timing on an appeal decision . And another team adds another back . RT @espnnfcsouth  Saints add RB Ladell Betts    . Buffalo II   RT @Lane toe injuries ended OJ McDuffies career . Theres concern Jason Pierre Paul could miss training camp ,  start of regular season ,  per team source team still awaiting more medical info . Wording on a monumental departure Tom Coughlin officially has stepped down as Giants HC ,  per source . Wow Pats will have double picks in rounds 1 ,  2 ,  3 ,  4 of 2011 draft . Their picks plus Oakland's 1 ,  Carolina's 2 ,  Minnesota's 3 ,  Denver's 4.Word around league is that Jim Tressel is now interested in going back to school ,  at Ohio St . or somewhere ,  as a college administrator . Raiders FB Luke Lawton suspended four games   two this season ,  two next   for violating NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . This just in veteran linebacker Derrick Brooks signed   with ESPN2's First Take as an NFL Analyst . Our roster gets bigger  better . Again . Mike Sando's MVP Watch ...   Patriots are signing former Browns WR Andrew Hawkins to a one year deal ,  per source . Buccaneers are signing former Jets kicker Nick Folk to compete with last year's second round pick Roberto Aguayo ,  as @PSchrags reported . With Case Keenum recovering from a concussion ,  Rams QB Nick Foles now expected to start Sunday vs Bengals ,  per league source . Cleveland is giving former Buccaneers QB Josh McCown a 3 year deal ,  per source . Cleveland went after him hard . Buccaneers announced they signed QB Mike Glennon to a four year contract . Patriots still mulling whether to sign Steelers WR Emmanuel Sanders to an offer sheet . So far ,  no decision made and no offer sheet signed . Jets used sixth round pick on Clemson QB Tajh Boyd ,  a college teammate of Rex Ryan's son . Most under the radar off season move  ?  RT @TheRealMBB QB running fast doesn't make No . 2 pick more valuable . He throws for a living .  ...  No college QB throws better long ball . More on the man in the Mondsy Night spotlight RT @SpiHamer Jon Gruden on Monday Night Football  The New Yorker  . Steve Sarkisian officially fired ,  effective immediately . #KnowThemFromAdamI'd love to win a championship in the city of Chicago.@ChicagoBears WR Alshon ...  Well done  . Being whispered NFLPA files for decertification after tomorrow's mediation . CEC votes next day to lockout or close down . Then lawyers play . RT @ProLinkSports Enjoyed chance today to congratulate Jason Elam on terrific career . Amazed to learn he and family living in Alaska now . Raiders have fired Dennis Allen ,  as @JayGlazer reported . Allen had this and next season left on his contract . Despite off field issues ,  Raiders' Aldon Smith IS eligible to play Sunday ,  per source . OAK will consider playing him ,  based on conditioning . Ka ching  !  Longest Yard royalties keep rolling in ...  Ravens WR Steve Smith Sr . says he's probably retiring after 16 seasons . Quite a run.Former Patriots WR Chad Ochocinco is not subject to waivers . He now becomes an unrestricted free agent . The partial list of this seasons NFL fallen  . Titans WR Kendall Wright is inactive . As is RB Shonn Greene . Bears WR Alshon Jeffery's 4 game suspension will cost him 3.435 million this season   and more in offseason ,  when he becomes a free agent . Six Points ,  Week 3 Drew Brees' cap situation ,  JPPs strategy ,  Pats' biggest trade ,  Steve Keims search for gems . Falcons placed defensive back Brian Williams on injured reserve and signed free agent safety Jamaal Fudge . Bengals inactives for today include WR J . Simpson ,  RB B . Leonard ,  LB K . Rivers ,  DE C . Dunlap .  . And now ,  Skittles for everyone . RT @SIJimTrotter Where was desire in offseason  ?  RT @RickMaese  NBC4 talked to Haynesworth I'm tired of this   . Jets signed their second first round pick ,  Sheldon Richardson . He will be in camp today . But so far no Dee Milliner . Filed to ESPN The Kansas City Chiefs claimed WR Chris Chambers on waivers . So he's staying in the AFC West . Bears' Alshon Jeffery now expected to miss 3rd straight game due to hamstring injury that didn't respond as he expected ,  per @DickersonESPN . Cowboys' draft picks have been selected to a combined 17 MORE Pro Bowls than any other team since 2002. Still don't know whether Colts WR Reggie Wayne will play Sunday ,  but it sure doesn't sound as if fellow WR Anthony Gonzalez will . Back from haircut and pleased to report ,  I no longer look like Teen Wolf . Kyle Orton's right index finger gushing blood . That's not going to be comfortable to throw with . NFL fined Texans LB Tim Dobbins 30,000 for hitting Jay Cutler   even though Dobbins claimed Cutler ran into him . Giants lost WRs Odell Beckham JR ,  Brandon Marshall and Sterling Shepard to injury today . And now ,  the issue is in the past ,  officially . Tom Brady's suspension over in hours . Just got to ESPN . As @tunasweasel tweeted ,  this is why you lift the weights . For more Sunday updates ,  follow @nflcountdown . On to the next story RT @NYPostHubbuch Roger Goodell said a decision on Ben Roethlisberger's suspension status is coming next week . Big loss Jets are placing WR Quincy Enunwa on injured reserve with a neck injury ,  per source . Brian Cushing suspended ,  LenDale White suspended ,  Reggie Bush tarnished   what other surprises does USC have for us this off season  ?  RT @TimCowlishaw There's a downside to being able to text Brett Favre . Browns are unveiling statue today of Jim Browns likeness ,  commissioned by Dee and Jimmy Haslam. ,  outside SE corner of FirstEnergy Stadium . Twenty five years ago today ,  Bird stole the ball . Bird stole the ball  !   The point to remember RT @BobGlauber So basically upshot is if Vick does and says all the right things ,  he could be back for Week 1  ... A well placed Patriots source Browner wants to be in NE ,  I think we are close ,  but it's a tough deal to do because of suspension ,  etc.Broncos signed K Brandon McManus to a new four year deal . Now eating my espn cafeteria food in green room with Chris Berman and Tom Jackson ,  watching game ,  waiting for halftime show . Memorable day . 49ers will request 2nd interview with Falcons OC Kyle Shanahan for after next week championship game ,  per source . League rules allow 2nd int . James Harrison's agent ,  Bill Parise ,  said he has not closed the door on his client returning to PITT and would welcome a call from Steelers . Biggest win for franchise since winning in NE last season RT @shawnyacoubWhat do u think about the future afc east champion jets  ?  NaVorro Bowman has spent 8 seasons in SF ,  since being 49ers 3rd round pick . But time for rookie LB Reuben Foster to take over . Players voting now on CBA . Someone else's B day . RT @JalenRose Happy Birthday @JimBrownNFL32. Thanks for social & political sacrifices you made for so many to prosper . Inactives from the Colts owner  !  RT @JimIrsay Inactives for today Hayden ,  Addai ,  Hart ,  Session ,  Richard ,  McClendon ,  Thomas & Hughes . Interesting how Pete Carroll fought to keep Mark Sanchez in school ,  but not DE Everson Griffen ,  RB Joe McKnight and WR Damian Williams . Perfect week for legendary voices to be brought to life  . Let the imagination run wild with this one Dez Bryant is scheduled to have dinner tomorrow night with Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones . A great tribute to a great woman RT @shalisemyoung Dan Shaughnessy shares more on Myra Kraft  . Worth pointing out NFC West   with no proven QBs of future   has five of top 16 picks in April draft ,  inclufing No . 1 overall . Colts RB Joseph Addai is doubtful ,  WR Austin Collie is questionable ,  RB Mike Hart is questionable . Now that midnight has come ,  Tom Brady's suspension is officially over . He's allowed back in building ,  back in game . RT @AdamSchein Ed Reed is not 100% committed to playing this year . The fact that Logan Mankins would be an issue initially came to us over the weekend from @RonBorges in this column . is.gdAWBYKX . NFL accusing Jerry Jones of conduct detrimental to the league ...  Shocker  not  RT @ESPNEWS Report Brett Favre on plane to Minn.  ESPN  . Time for a haircut that I promise wont look anything like Shawne Merriman's mohawk . Not that it didn't look good ,  just not right cut for me . Chiefs QB Matt Cassel underwent an appendectomy this morning ,  according to a league source . Big question mark for Sunday now . Eagles have been informed Sam Bradford wants to be traded and he will not be showing up for their off season program any longer ,  per source . RT @Duke1977 @AdamSchefter what do u think of the Patriots taking the QB from Washington  ?   ...  Pats didn't stockpile picks to go QB early . Dolphins placed franchise tag on DT Randy Starks . With each game ,  @DangeRussWilson becomes more and more impressive . Already one of game's top QBs . How many other QS would you rather have  ?  Two to watch as potential successor to Jeff Fisher Titans OL coach Mike Munchak  favorite  and OC Mike Heimerdinger  sentimental choice .RT @SIPeterKing Had an NFL exec tell me this weekend he thought Peppers would be lucky to get 10m a year in this climate . Cubs vs . Indians.Jinx is over ... somewhere . Lions WR Marvin Jones  hamstring  and TE Eric Ebron  ankle  ,  both listed as questionable ,  both are playing today vs . Chicago ,  per source . Seahawks' RB Thomas Rawls will 'most definitely' be ready for camp . RT @JFerg8 so they confirmed he was a victim and that they still tasered him  ?  Sounds smart  ...  Police didn't taser him . Arrested guy did . Eagles declared out for Sunday DT Brodrick Bunkley  elbow  ,  WR DeSean Jackson  concussion  ,  T Jason Peters  knee .Some details RT @NotoriousOHM The New York Giants signed former Eagles guard Shawn Andrews in the middle of night  . This is the first week in NFL history with 3 games featuring dueling No . 1 overall picks at QB ,  per Elias DET vs CAR ,  AZ vs NYG ,  KC vs DEN . Ladies and gentlemen ,  Rob Gronkowski ,  post back surgery . Panthers TE Greg Olsen broke his foot and is out indefinitely . 49ers announced today that RB Marcus Lattimore has informed the team he intends to retire . The thinking before Friday's ruling  . This also is a good point that @ACromartie31 missed   not that it matters ,  I'd guess . RT @TomVH He likes to be called Matthew . Sports Illustrated announced that Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning is the 2013 Sportsman of the Year . Rams S O.J . Atogwe is planning to visit Seattle next week . Rams remain favorite to re sign him ,  but Seahawks could make it interesting . Former Broncos and Bucs kicker Connor Barth is on his way to New Orleans to sign with Saints ,  per source . Rams' RB Todd Gurley likens L.A.'s offense to a middle school's . following  !  RT @DaRealGFoster is it me or are there larger amount of injuries this season compared to others  ?   ...  This was worst week this season . Figures Right near the 4th we get word of 4. And now ,  @RachelNichols will be headed to her favorite summer hot spot   Hattiesburg . Big thanks to @RavensTweet for the kind words . Shout outs to anyone else who has read the book and recommends it . More moves coming in Pittsburgh Steelers releasing Aaron Smith . Brian Schottenheimer never withdrew his name from consideration for the Florida OC job . So it's on in our ESPN ,  16 team War Room League . First round of playoffs . Me vs @MatthewBerryTMR . Who we like  ?  Just got this text from WR Jabar Gaffney I'm going to the Patriots. Gaffney told me he is planning on signing a deal soon . A big thank you to @Samuelsohn1923 for helping me get all suited up for football season . No.Both on mine RT @Mr717 Do you agree with SportingNews not having Rashean Mathis and Maurice Jones Drew being off Sporting News top 100 ? Rams HC Jeff Fisher said C Scott Wells is being placed on IR with a fractured foot . Team also will be without LT Rodger Saffold  neck .Washington WR Pierre Garon commented to reporters that he thought the Redskins offense could be the best ever in the NFL. Thoughts  ?  Le'Veon Bell has left Steelers' training facility ... to go take his physical . Once he passes ,  he then can sign and get ready for Browns . Judge believes Ray Rice did not lie . Seattle RB Leon Washington reached agreement today with Seattle on a four year ,  12.5 million deal   up to 16 million with incentives . Definitely would not count on a Ryan Mallett trade to Houston or anywhere . Mallett expected back in Foxboro . At least one team had Wisconsin LB O'Brien Schofield with a first round grade before he blew out his knee at the Senior Bowl . #nfldraft . Pittsburgh dealt Santonio Holmes to Jets after he got in trouble just like Cleveland dealt Braylon Edwards to Jets after he got in trouble . He said it ,  not me . RT @ericwinston To be fair about Cutler ,  his 3rd WR in Den is a better WR than anybody he has now . Viking wide receiver Percy Harvin will not play Sunday vs . Detroit due to his ankle injury . RT @BobbyDigital Guessing they would play the game at the Gophers new digs  ?   ...  Thought of that . But Giants didn't bring outdoor wear . Clever   Gaines Adams ,  Michael Gaines ,  like this . RT @HankLayton @AdamSchefter One man's gaines is another man's loss . Pro Football Hall of Famer Frank Gifford suffered from Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy his family announced in a statement Wednesday . NFL fined referee Tony Corrente one game check for his use of obscenities into an open mike during Nov . 4 Dolphins Colts game . Right now on ESPN's Sunday Countdown ,  a must see feature on Panthers' Spanish radio broadcasters . Excellent . RT @mortreport JJ Watt's new extension in range of jersey number plus zeroes   99 million over 6 years ,  incl 51M guaranteed ,  per sources . Remembering all those affected by the events at Columbine 15 years ago today ... Gone too soon . RIP . RT @andysimms Remembering our man Chris Henry today . This would have been his 27th birthday . RT @BigHeadPeter Can you tell me what Donovan wrote underneath his signature on the bus today  ?   ...  It starts now.Gary Zimmerman once physically blocked me ,  but that's it . RT @kokomo05 @AdamSchefter Have the Raiders ever tried to block you  ?  A non Favre postcard from Latrobe ,  Pa. ,  and the Pittsburgh Steelers training camp . Bengals placed rookie OT Cedric Ogbuehi on ReserveNon Football Injury list ,  meaning he is eligible to play in week 7.Giants WR Hakeem Nicks officially inactive . One more option RT @danconers What about @Giants saftey Kenny Phillips potentially bringing one to the house to keep the U streak alive  ?  Asked if he would give some practice snaps this week to QB Brady Quinn ,  Chiefs HC Romeo Crennel said ,  We'll see as the week goes on.Broncos already are discussing former Patriots DC Dean Pees ,  who worked with Denver head coach Josh McDaniels in New England . So nice to finally be hanging out with an intelligent ,  articulate ,  well spoken @Hasselbeck . Be forewarned Lions RB Reggie Bush slipped in pre game warmups after he was supposed to be active . Now uncertain if he will play . Jaguars activated WR Dede Westbrook and DB Calvin Pryor ,  waived WR Jaelen Strong and placed WR Arrelious Benn  knee  . Steelers LT Max Starks hobbling off the field with assistance . Colts claimed former Titans QB Charlie Whitehurst on waivers ,  per league source . Darren Sproles 2.0 And as expected ,  Eagles traded DT Isaac Sopoaga and a pick to the Patriots for a higher pick . Former Packers' RB Ahman Green jailed on child abuse claim . Surprise coming at 3 ... Jim Schwartz described Matthew Stafford's latest injury as different than one he suffered in week 1. Doesn't know when Stafford will return . On today's podcast ,  said my belief is Jim Harbaugh won't return to Stanford and smart people believe Michigan is favorite but NFL in play . Eagles today announced they have named Bobby April special teams coordinator . How come ESPN doesn't do this  ?  Students in Indianapolis Public Schools are allowed to sleep in 1 hour Monday ,  morning after Super Bowl . Eagles are hitting   blowing up people   unlike any team I've seen in camp this summer . Ad @JayGlazer reported ,  49ers have agreed to trade Alex Smith to Chiefs . Trade will be for draft picks   as in plural ,  per NFL sources . RT @AKinkhabwala What minority cand interviews when obv sham ,  Adam  ?   ...  It gives candidates needed exposure and interview experience . The Worst Dab Ever ...  JUST IN Our Labradoodle ,  Ella ,  tore ACL ,  running . Needs surgery . No PUP ,  fitting as it would be . IR . Out for year . A Giant loss S Kenny Phillips now goes on IR after a week in which he intercepted two passes and was leading the team with 16 tackles . Mel Kiper's top six 1. QB Andrew Luck 2. OT Matt Kalil 3. RB Trent Richardson 4. CB Morris Claiborne 5. WR Justin Blackmon 6. RG III . True story noticed Twitter abuzz about Iron Bowl . Put on game . There was 01 second left . Watched one play . One . Saw what I needed to . Wow . Just landed in Indy . Thanks to Under Armour for some of coldgear it sent to help keep me warm this week . Gets worse . RT @RAIDERS PJ Hill scores from a yard out ,  PAT is good ,  Saints lead 31 0 with 121 left 2nd quarter . And one more worthy CFHOF shout out RT @Knuckles1988 I say congrats to the late Pat Tillman and his family . Fallen warrior not forgtten . Giants C Weston Richburg ,  the 1st player ejected for two unsportsmanlike penalties ,  fined 12,000 for taunting ,  per source . He is appealing . San Francisco's secondary added depth Free agent CB Will James agreed to terms with the 49ers . RT @JimIrsay We have agreed to terms with Kerry Collins ... more details to come . RT @irishpride159 Any word on Adrian Peterson playing this week  ?   ...  Barring a setback ,  sounds promising for Sunday . LB Junior Galette ,  whom Saints are releasing ,  still must take and pass physical with team this weekend . Once he passes ,  he will be released . Patriots have acquired LB Marquis Flowers from Bengals for a 7th round pick ,  as the Cincinnati Enquirer reported . A rare Bengals trade . Colts HC Chuck Pagano has lured away another of his former players . Colts have signed former Ravens DT Brandon McKinney . And in today's supplemental draft ,  former Baylor WR Josh Gordon goes to ... Cleveland in round 2 . Vikings ruled out G Alex Boone and LB Eric Kendricks . And there we go ...  Bills placed WR Roscoe Parrish on injured reserve and promoted WR Naaman Roosevelt from practice squad to roster . Replay of how Julian Edelman injured his knee  . Ravens LB Terrell Suggs gets the first big win of championship weekend . NFL players respond to President Trump on social media . Let's hear it for the ham in Shayne Graham   another field goal ,  his fourth of the day . More money being spent in Oakland Raiders reached agreement with their DT John Henderson on a two year ,  4 million contract . Broncos RB Knowshon Moreno was spotted on crutches ,  in walking boot ,  after Denver's OT loss . Hurt foot in OT . Giants gave LB Jon Beason a three year ,  19M deal that includes 7M gtd and 12M in first two years . Agent did a great job with deal . Weathermen's forecast of thunderstorms for tonight's game turned out to be as accurate as most preseason Super Bowl predictions . Sun shining . Sounds like a no go to me . RT @espnnfl 49ers' Michael Lewis misses practice ,  status uncertain vs . Atlanta  . Falcons LB Sean Weatherspoon is inactive today . Tough blow Redskins RB Ladell Betts has a torn ACL and MCL and will need surgery . Colts QB Andrew Luck passed his physical at 315 this afternoon ,  allowing him to come off PUP list . Still unlikely to play Week 1.2017 schedule for America's Team  . Colin Kaepernick promising to pledge 1 million to charities that support racial equality . RT @CowboysNation97 is brett ratliff related to jay ratliff  ?   ...  Would be one of great stories of my career if I could confirm they were . Rams re signed G Chris Williams to a one year deal worth up to 2.75 million . So which NFC WRs would you vote to the Pro Bowl Calvin Johnson ,  Larry Fitzgerald ,  Steve Smith ,  Victor Cruz ,  Greg Jennings ,  Jordy Nelson . And so on the day the Lions are bringing in Anquan Boldin for a visit ,  they also make another WR move  . Steelers are signing former Panthers S Mike Mitchell ,  per sources . Hmmm Patriots will be releasing LB Derrick Burgess today . Hasselbeck discharged from a SF hospital and allowed to return to Seattle with Seahawks . Wouldn't have happened if he were seriously hurt . RT @camboespn Please RT ,  friends    . So AFC South QBs Deshaun Watson and Andrew Luck ,  under entirely different circumstances ,  both ruled out for the season on the same day . Broncos became first team since 1970 to  come from behind and win game after trailing by 15 points with 300 remaining in 4th quarter . Redskins S Brandon Meriweather will be fined ,  but not suspended ,  for his helmet to helmet hit Sunday vs . Packers . Jets requested permission to interview Miami's Brian Gaine and San Diego's Jimmy Raye for GM . Top pass rushers   JPP ,  Melvin Ingram ,  Chandler Jones ,  Kawann Short   basically off the market . So much for that . Vikings and Browns have submitted permission slips to interview Cardinals DC Todd Bowles for their HC jobs . RT @JasonPerone Brees wouldn't have those yards w Fins ,  no way . Yup ,  Dolphins didnt need to sign him .  ...  Yeah ,  who needs that leadership . Bills tight end Scott Chandler tore his ACL Sunday and Buffalo now has placed him on injured reserve . Kris Jenkins . Antwan Odom ,  Lofa Tatupu   all lost Sunday for the season . And the war of attrition goes on . Giants deactivated WR Mario Manningham and TE Jake Ballard . US Appeals court reinstates New England Patriots' Tom Brady's suspension over 'deflategate' ,  per Reuters . Bengals OC Jay Gruden ,  a favorite for Redskins HC job ,  interviewed Wednesday with Washington and is scheduled to meet today with Vikings . RT @maraschiello ,  @WGR550 Schobel Says He's Not Coming Back  . FWIW Seahawks are the only NFL team this season that did not have one player on its 53 man roster who has played in a Super Bowl . A look at how @ChrisJohnson28 became @ChrisJohnson28. Cowboys win  !  NFL said Dallas beat Baltimore in coin flip . Cowboys now pick 16th ,  Ravens 17th . Tough night for Giants' LBs Giants broadcast reported LB Jon Beason sprained his knee and LB Mark Herzlich suffered a concussion . 49ers announced they have activated WR Mario Manningham from PUP and CB Eric Wright from ReserveNFI . Team also waived CB Nnamdi Asomugha . Chiefs announced they have signed former Colts free agent G Ryan Lilja . Seattle won Super Bowl with Percy Harvin missing most all of last season . Feel like they can do it again . What's at stake over next two days Ravens and 49ers can wrap up playoff spots ,  and home field advantage can be claimed in both conferences . Despite being listed as questionable with an ankle injury ,  Dolphins RB Lamar Miller is expected to play today . Eric Mangini on his 25,000 fine I have worked with the league on this matter and now consider it closed . My focus is on the Broncos.RT @salvatoredelia That's a clown statement ,  bro .  ...  Back up off me ,  bro . Houston HC Gary Kubiak awarded Andre Johnson a game ball for producing at least 60 catches in 8 straight seasons   not for the fight . Washington Post reports Redskins had a bounty system for big hits on opponents under their former defensive coordinator Gregg Williams . On NFL Live at 4 pm   right about now   @OGOchocinco is going to respond to Carson Palmer's comments from today . Should be interesting . Jake Delhomme is inactive and is the third QB . And Chiefs HC Andy Reid now saying Jamaal Charles has a high ankle sprain ... tough injury for any player ,  especially a RB . RT @RawseDubya NO WAY  !  NEXT THING UR GONNA TELL ME IS COLT AND JORDAN WERE ROOMMATES TOO  !   ...  Hey ,  I don't watch college football . Sorry . For time being ,  Raiders coaches including HC Tom Cable are expected to meet with owner Al Davis next Monday ,  when fates will be learned . Another JCU er RT @TheRealKev Don't forget Charles Dolan ,  founder of HBO and owner of Cablevision  which includes the New York Knicks .To get 4 game suspension ,  Cowboys' DE Randy Gregory violated NFL Substance Abuse Policy   just what every team feared . And now ,  new Lions safety Chris Harris can get ready to play his former team ,  the Bears ,  on Nov . 13.WR Mark Clayton tore his patella tendon and is out for season . Battle continues . RT @SportsCenter Breaking News Owners approve proposed CBA sources players did not vote tonight . There is an agreement between free agent WR Josh Morgan and Redskins . So two new WRs Morgan and Pierre Garcon ,  so far . Eddie Royal on deck . Redskins announced today that they placed safety Chris Horton on Injured Reserve and re signed running back Quinton Ganther . Happy to help . RT @AndrewR3131 Reminder @samsungtweets is donating 5 today for each tweet with #teamautism Please RT now &gt&gt #TeamAutism . RT @CruZMoneyz Yeah ,  Whitehurst will be 28yo at the start of season  !  He's older then Aaron Rodgers also  !  Trouble ahead for Cowboys OT Flozell Adams . With pick 107 ,  Bills draft Connecticut WR Marcus Easley . #nfldraft . Jets deal with OC Chan Gailey has not gotten done ,  and there are questions as to whether it will ,  leaving Gailey ...  Bengals activated DT Geno Atkins off PUP . Browns QB Johnny Manziel is throwing out the first pitch for tonight's Red Sox Indians game . And now all the 1s are done Giants first round pick Prince Amukamara agreed to terms . Browns LB Tank Carder tore his ACL on Monday night and is out for the season . Panthers officially have ruled out LB Luke Kuechly for Sunday's game vs . Houston . Statement from Jerry Jones on DeMarco MurrayWe are very grateful to DeMarco Murray for his contributions to ...  NFL announced it fined Bucs S Dashon Goldson 100,000 for hit on Darren Sproles and upheld his 30,000 fine from week 1.A worthwhile look at Denver's new punter ...  Vikings signed former Packers DE Datone Jones . Here's leverage for Derek Carr when off season contract talks begin In two games without Carr ,  Raiders went 0 2 and were outscored 51 20.Wow . RT @MikeReiss Patriots have claimed injured Giants TE Jake Ballard on waivers ,  per Ballard's agent @theifa . Look for Raiders to release RB Justin Fargas and DT Gerard Warren before they have to pay their roster bonuses in the coming days . Mark Sanchez has labral tear in right shoulder that likely will require season ending surgery ,  sources tell ESPN's Chris Mortensen . Dolphins gave Pro Bowl CB Brent Grimes a four year ,  32 million deal that includes 16 million guaranteed ,  per ESPN source . Dolphins are giving Arian Foster a 1 year ,  1.5 million deal that includes incentives that could bring max value of deal to 3.5 million . Figures Raiders draft fastest player out there at 108 ,  Clemson WR Jacoby Ford . #nfldraft . Bears trying to get deal done with Giants TE Martellus Bennett . Looks like former Packers' Pro Bowl  G Josh Sitton's first visit will be to ... division rival Chicago Bears ,  per sources . Saints could follow . Broncos interim coach will be RB coach Eric Studesville .. In Richardson Kearse trade ,  Jets are getting Seahawks' 2018 second round pick and teams also swapping 7th round picks ,  per source . 49ers HC Kyle Shanahan and QB coach Rich Scangarillo flew to Chapel Hill ,  NC ,  last Thursday to work out Mitchell Trubisky ,  per league source . First two picks are locks . No . 3 is not . Minnesota strongly debating Morris Claiborne ,  Justin Blackmon ,  Ryan Kalil ,  even Michael Floyd . Jets   CB Kyle Wilson . #nfldraft . Bills announced they signed former Colts RB Dan Herron ,  who could play Sunday vs . Tennessee . Redskins signed RB Ryan Torain from their practice squad . To make room for Torain ,  Redskins waived WR Brandon Banks . Roger Goodell ,  Tom Brady and lawyers met today in settlement talks with Magistrate Judge James Francis ,  but got nowhere ,  per source . Is this Bill Cowher trying to make a coaching comeback  ?  RT @richeisen And so here it is . A very strange sight ,  but one we now must get used to . McNabb as Redskin  . Eagles' WR Nelson Agholor being accused of a sexual assault  . Packers have signed S Matt Giordano to the active roster ,  released S Aaron Rouse and signed T Dane Randolph to the practice squad . Odell Beckham Jr.'s appeal ended about 125 or so . Would be a surprise if there were not a verdict before tonight . Panthers exercised fifth year option for WR Kelvin Benjamin ,  per source . RT @OfficialBraylon I would love to be a Jet but the feeling doesn't seem to be mutual with the management . RT @CaseMcCoy6 Good luck Brandon  !  Fan of you ,  but my brother's pulling the lucky straw on this one  !  Cleveland is only going downhill  !  But the bigger point for now on Crabtree is that he and the Niners are nowhere close to a deal . Titans OC Mike Heimerdinger ,  who began cancer treatment last week ,  will work today's game from coach's box . Won't call plays but will help . Rams have had internal discussions about bringing Peyton Manning to LA should he want to play another season ...  Chargers and No . 1 pick Joey Bosa havent had contact since July 28. Bosa holds out like Rivers ,  LT ,  Jammer ,  Merriman once did . No end close . Bud Adams He played with unquestioned heart and leadership and led us to places that we had never reached ,  including our only Super Bowl.IR for Willis McGahee expected as @JayGlazer reported . But it would be with designation to return so he could play in AFC Championship game . Rams CBs Janoris Jenkins and Trumaine Johnson among the team's Sunday inactives . Chargers interviewing Broncos OC Mike McCoy today in Denver . After tonight ,  won't be any surprise to see UCLA HC Jim Mora Jr . find his way to an NFL HC interview or two ... Four Cardinals chosen to Pro Bowl DT Darnell Dockett ,  WR Larry Fitzgerald ,  CB Dominique Rodgers Cromartie ,  and S Adrian Wilson . RT @JesseSnyder13 u got AT&T  ?  Y u hangin up on @SportsCenter  ?   ...  Dropped me from Sportscenter AND Mike and Mike . Rough morning . Former Jaguars' OL Luke Joeckel expects to sign 1 year deal with Seattle Seahawks ,  per sources . Seattle upgrades its line . 49ers signing CFL standout WR Eric Rogers ,  per source . 49ers giving 6 4 ,  215 lb Rogers most lucrative CFL deal since Miami's for Cam Wake . Colts OC Bruce Arians missed practice today due to what is being called a bad case of the flu. He is expected to be able to coach Sunday . Wes Welker ,  Brandon Lloyd ,  Rob Gronkowkski   all listed as questionable   are all active . Aaron Hernande officially inactive . Now I know what it's like for a player who doesn't get to play for six months and then gets thrown in the game . New respect for players . Filed to ESPN   Kurt Warner will announce Friday at the teams training facility whether he plans to retire or continue playing . Work time for @Ogochocinco and I . Tom Coughlin has informed his coaching staff that the Giants are making a head coaching change ,  source tells ESPN . Browns WR Josh Gordon scheduled to report to team Tuesday .   . 49ers make grief stricken fan's wish come true  . Different perspective tonight for the Kubiak's . Falcons waive rookie LB Torrey Green after learning of four sexual assault allegations . Beauty of Bberrys and Twitter . Just read @SIPeterKing's MMQB   . Recently released Bucs DE Michael Johnson's first visit will be with the Minnesota Vikings ,  per source . Eagles trade FB Charles Scott to Arizona for CB Jorrick Calvin ,  a 6th round draft pick of the Cardinals in 2010 from Troy . Aside from Cutler and Bears ,  other NFC teams reporting two weeks from today Falcons ,  Lions ,  Packers ,  Rams ,  Seahawks and Gruden less Bucs . Random rant of morning Tolls in NYNJ going up another 10 percent  ?  11 to cross Verrazano Bridge . Where the hell does all that money go  ?  !  ?  !  Brace yourself ,  East Coast Tropical Storm Katia ,  now crossing the Atlantic ,  is forecasted to be a Category 3 hurricane by end of week . Giants have released kicker Josh Brown . Giants' career over and real chance he never again kicks in NFL . Attention @qbkilla ... RT @wolverdick next up for brett Favre ...  This car ride on ESPN   this OJ Simpson or Peyton Manning  ?  1. Unless Michael Vick leads Eagles to the playoffs ,  league sources believe that this will be the quarterbacks last season in Philadelphia . Want to know why Denver favored by 28 over Jacksonville  ?  Peyton Manning and Broncos scored 51 Sunday . Jags have scored 51 points all season . Colts WR Donte Moncrief is expected to miss multiple games with a shoulder injury ,  per sources . There you go ,  Chicago ...  Minutes after Tom Brady engineered a game winning drive in Pittsburgh ,  Bradys former understudy Jimmy Garoppolo di  . A look at the Vikings soap opera season from Elizabeth Merrill of ESPN.com .  OUT Darren Sproles ,  Darren McFadden ,  Mike Goodson . QUEST Ahmad Bradshaw ,  Stevie Johnson ,  Owen Daniels . DOUBTFUL Percy Harvin . preseason .Another all time classic Wooden ism . RT @davecavecnn Fail to prepare and you prepare to fail . Since 2000 ,  NFL has averaged 6.8 head coaching changes per year . Since 2011 ,  33 HC changes . Already at six this season . RT @ohmoses Does that mean they're leaning towards lockout  ?   ...  No lean . Just doesn't sound good . But remember ,  this is a deadline league . Cardinals RB Beanie Wells is active today . Did a radio spot in Miami this a.m. ,  and the first eight questions all were fans angry overwithabout Ted Ginn . Incredible vitriol . Seahawks LT Russell Okung has a torn ligament in his toe and is unlikely to play Sunday vs . Jacksonville . Bears promoted wide receiver Tanner Gentry to active roster and released wide receiver Deonte Thompson . So Josh Gordon suspension upheld . One year . And now Gordon will miss all of next year's training camp as well . Steelers can clinch a first round bye with a victory over the Texans on Christmas . Ezekiel Elliott appealing conviction for misdemeanor speeding ,  going 100 MPH ...  In NFL season openers ,  the Harbaugh Bros . HCs haven't lost a game . John is 5 0 ,  Jim is 2 0.Washington placed exclusive franchise tag on Kirk Cousins . Officials on alert ahead of Bengals Steelers matchup . Probable for Sunday Packers CB Charles Woodson  foot ,  knee  ,  Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger  foot  ,   Chargers WR Vincent Jackson  foot .This is more valuable than a workout bonus . RT @DBrickashaw Attended my brother's graduation ceremony from law school . Steelers announced that Hall of Famer Joe Greene has retired from their player personnel department . Another season ending injury in St . Louis Rams are placing WR Danny Amendola on injured reserve today . Dolphins have won 3 of their last four in Buffalo Bills have lost 7 straight November games and are 1 8 in season's 2nd half past 2 years . Eagles expect WR Steve Smith to contribute early on and not start the season on the Physically Unable to Perform list . Best line of day came from Mike Lupica who said he'll believe everything Tiger does on the golf course and nothing he says away from it . RT @odroku okay ,  and if Favre doesn't play this year  ?   ...  Then Packers replace Vikings . Giants have approached Jim Haslett about their defensive coordinator job . Sounds like a longshot for now . Rams get No . 1 pick ,  their 4th and 6th . Titans get Rams' 1 ,  two 2s  43  45  ,  3 and then Rams 1 and 3 next year . And Cowboys get done a huge extension with another former first round pick from 2011. RT @toddarcher Tyron Smith has an extension . Joe Flacco just walked over to Mark Sanchez and started talking to him . Guessing he said something like ,  there will be days like this ,  rook . RB Eddie Lacy needs foot surgery and Packers will place him on IR today ,  per source . When Matthew Stafford's 3 yr extension runs out ,  he will be 29 years old . And if healthy ,  poised to hit jackpot again . Eagles QB Nick Foles will not need surgery on his fractured clavicle ,  per source . Still sidelined indefinitely . Former Bears to wear 10 Bobby Douglass ,  Peter Tom Willis ,  Kordell Stewart ,  Todd Collins . Trubisky wore 10 at UNC bc it was his dad's HS #.And there it is  . In honor of Anchorman 2 being released today ,  heres another post of Ron Burgundy interviewing Peyton Manning . Another WR for Wash . On same day they nabbed Donte Stallworth ,  Redskins reached agreement with WR Brandon Stokley on a one year deal . When Baltimore's turn comes ,  it'll be Sergio Kindle . #nfldraft . When I'm getting up at 530 am on a Sunday ,  and my brain is racing ,  I know it's time to come off the TV's PUP list and get back to work . Hey ,  @LarryFitzgerald ...  RT @AdamSchein Trent Cole just compared Kevin Lolb to Tom Brady . seriously . Great news for Cardinals fans . 49ers expected to choose between Chip Kelly and Mike Shanahan for their next HC ,  per league sources . Decision likely within next 24 hours . Raiders officially hired former Stanford DC Jason Tarver as their DC and former Texans LB coach Johnny Holland as their LB coach . Browns' WR Terrelle Pryor could wind up getting limited snaps at QB today vs . Dolphins ,  per sources . Best WR there . RT @JReezy2106 @AdamSchefter Before we crown him the king of Texas let's not forget Andre Johnson plays down there too . RT @SteveSmithNY Gonna b doin 1 autograph giveaway here EVERY DAY this #LOCKOUT goes on . Click here 4 details . NFL will not suspend Cardinals S Adrian Wilson for his hard hit on 49ers TE Vernon Davis ,  but don't be surprised to see a fine this week . RT @AlynchFC Isn't every week considered critical ?   ...  Once we get past July 15 ,  NFL likely loses 1st preseason week   and 200 million . Gary Kubiak has spoken with Johnny Manziel ,  sources said . Kerry Rrhodes was fined 2,500 for unnecessary contact with an official . Broncos CB Perrish Cox was fined 7500 for a throat slash gesture . Friends at @numberFire computed that Patriots have a 33.7% to win Super Bowl ,  Falcons are second best at 17.0% and Cowboys third at 16.6%.Ray Lewis announced he is retiring at the end of the season . Baltimore HC John Harbaugh and Ravens have agreed to a multi year contract extension ,  per NFL sources . More on ESPN2.Bengals signed free agent CB Fred Bennett and placed DT Tank Johnson on IR . Been 21 years ,  7 months ,  20 days   7,903 days in all   since last NFL game was played in Los Angeles . Now tonight  . SalPal reported Cowboys have major concerns about Dez Bryant's injured hip for tonight's game vs Atlanta . Da Coach and Da Sumo partner for Sunday NFL Countdown  wish you could have heard what he said when he put on outfit . RT @JoshScobee10 @AdamSchefter RG3 ran the 40 in an unofficial smokin' 4.38 seconds.   I did that once . Granted ,  it was 30 yards . After injuries ,  Rams and St . Louis Stadium Authority have covered concrete area surrounding Edward Jones Dome field with blue rubber padding . Minor point On DeMarco Murray's 21 million guaranteed ,  18 million for skill and injury . Murray got what Dallas did not expect . Just as everyone expected After 6 weeks ,  Dallas and SD share NFL's best record at 5 1  Philly has chance to join them with a W tonight .NFL Insiders on ESPN2 at 330pm  re air 5pm on ESPN2 . NFL Live on ESPN but it follows a MLB game . Raiders WR Michael Crabtree taped his chain to himself before Sundays game ,  knowing he was facing the chain snatc  . Head injury ,  Falcons being careful with him at practice RT @marcotu6 @AdamSchefter What's the status of Jerious Norwood  ?  DE Jarvis Green's deal with Denver Four years ,  max value of 20 million ,  4.5 million in first year of deal and 7.5 million in first two . coming . Colts now confirm DE Dwight Freeney's ankle has a third degree ,  low basketball sprain ,  which by definition is ... a torn ligament . Bears are signing former Panthers QB Jimmy Clausen ,  per QB coach @steveclarkson . And there we go .  Patriots are favored by @numberFire algorithms to win Super Bowl LI 54.3% of the time . The projected final score of the game is 26.97 25.70.There are no CBA negotiations scheduled as of now . It doesn't mean there won't be ,  but as of now ,  nothing . Brandon Marshall has done the unthinkable . On this night ,  he nearly has upstaged Mike Vick . Play Fantasy Football for charity with David Wright ,  Matt Harvey ,  Micheal Cuddyer ,  Jon Niese and Daniel Murphy ...  As @caplannfl noted ,  Titans and WR Kendall Wright are very close to deal that would leave Justin Blackmon as lone unsigned first rounder . Exhale ,  New England . Tom Brady back at practice today . My Michael Vick landing spot guesses 1  New England . 2  Pitt . 3  Baltimore . 4  Green Bay . 5  Carolina Notice   all quality organizations . As CSN Philly reported ,  Eagles hired former Browns LB coach Billy Davis as their defensive coordinator . Broncos are signing former Browns S TJ Ward ,  per sources . Giants activated CB Terrell Thomas and G Chris Snee from the PUP list . Chiefs reach agreement with former Raiders and Giants tight end Kevin Boss . Saints reached agreement with former Bills RB CJ Spiller . Saints backfield getting crowded Spiller ,  Mark Ingram ,  Khiry Robinson . First Super Bowl for Broncos DC Wade Phillips since 1989 ,  when he went as Denver's DC . A lot and not much have changed the past 26 years . Details of Peyton Manning's torn quad injury ... Early edition of Sunday NY Times has big feature on Demi Moore . My question of the day Who is more timeless   Demi Moore or Brett Favre  ?  Cardinals HC Bruce Arians is hospitalized with chest pain ,  sources tell ESPN . Tests so far have been favorable ,  according to one source . Bengals have swept season series from Pittsburgh for first time since 1998. And they've also swept season series from Ravens . Impressive . Sean McDermott's second HC interview with Bills will take place in Boca Raton ,  Fla . By the way ,  Mike Bell will be the first restricted free agent this off season to sign an offer sheet . But most certainly not the last . Despite being listed as questionable with a knee injury and not practicing this week ,  Falcons WR Roddy White will play tonight vs . Detroit . So this is soccer for the USA ties feel like losses ,  and losses feel like wins . Broncos planning to sign RB Jamaal Charles today ,  per source . Charles staying in AFC West . Apologies for pocket tweet . Notable how more people cared about Uurtoirttrttt than Marvin Jones going on IR . NY Daily News All Jumpsuit Team..leading with OJ   . Tentative dates for NFL Draft in 2015 would be May 7 9 and in 2016 it would be May 5 7.Bengals signed former Browns and Raiders WR Greg Little to help replace Marvin Jones.Uurtoirttrttt . Former Panthers and Jets WR Stephen Hill suspended next 2 weeks by NFL ,  per source . Former Cardinals HC Ken Whisenhunt will become offensive coordinator for the San Diego Chargers . Patriots did not sign Tim Tebow to play RB nor TE . They signed him to play QB . Backup QB . Tom Brady will not lose a play . Raiders are presenting the Oakland Unified School District with a check for 54,323.On last day of his California vacation ,  Rams special teams coordinator John Fassel helped save a man's life . Don't know if @Edwerderespn ever has looked finer than here  . Browns QB Colt McCoy did not make the trip to Arizona today and Seneca Wallace will start at QB for Cleveland . An even better up close look at the Ravens' Super Bowl ring ,  via @JustinCos419. Like  ?   A second opinion from Dr . Robert Anderson in Charlotte confirmed Bills franchise S Jairus Byrd is battling planter fasciatis . Rams placed WR Keenan Burton on injured reserve with a knee injury . Look for former Eagles WR Brandon Gibson to get lots more play time . Browns parlayed first round pick they got from Colts for Trent Richardson into Johnny Manziel . So there's that . Thompson.True  ?  Former Chiefs and Cardinals WR Steve Breaston reached agreement on a one year deal with Saints ,  as @Benvolin reported . Jets owner Woody Johnson announced his team will retain HC Rex Ryan . Ex NFL QB Joe Pisarcik ,  known for infamous fumble ,  feels Michigan punter's pain . RT @fauxjohnmadden For every follower I have from now until February 28th I will donate one penny to @drewbrees foundation . Enough  !  RT @GusRamsey Police say 3 people have been shot at Gardena HS in LA ,  shooter is at large . Shooter believed to be a student . With College Football Selection Show on at noon ,  ESPN football programming moved up an hour this amInsiders 9 10 am.Countdown 10 12.Patriots signed WR Kenny Britt and DL Ricky Jean Francois ,  released LB Jonathan Freeny and WR Bernard Reedy ,  and al  . book . 49ers WR Torrey Smith ,  questionable for Sunday vs Patriots due to shoulder injury ,  is unlikely to play ,  per source . Outside the Lines just aired a powerful   and I mean ,  powerful   piece on the people whose lives former Panthers WR Rae Carruth affected . Cam Newton fully participated in practice today . Officially questionable for Sunday . Knew it immediately RT @AtlantaFalcons Rookie WR Kerry Meier placed on IR and is out for season after suffering knee injury vs . Pats . Chinese sports authorities have entered into an agreement to create the first football league in the countrys history . Seahawks safety Earl Thomas officially passed his physical today ,  per @FieldYates . I'd be shocked if he doesn't play week 1 ,  per source . Packers placed CB Quinten Rollins on injured reserve . Seahawks coach Pete Carroll announced that TE John Carlson needs season ending shoulder surgery . Fortunate they signed Zach Miller . Great cause . RT @TomJolly The wife of Redskins owner Dan Snyder is becoming the NFL's face for breast cancer awareness . With his 6 game suspension standing ,  Ezekiel Elliotts next game now will be December 17 at Oakland vs . the Raiders . Packers announced they have officially re signed WR Randall Cobb and QB Scott Tolzien . Always love work but these are the days I would pay ESPN to get to work . Can't wait . Ricky Jean Francois signed a 3 yr deal with Redskins . Deal is for 9mil ,  with 4mil guaranteed . Total value with incentives 11.25M . New York today reminds me of Tokyo in August ,  when Terrell Davis once said ,  It's hotter than my mama's kitchen on Thanksgiving Day ! Chargers have relieved defensive coordinator Greg Manusky of his duties ,  Head Coach Norv Turner announced today . To avoid further inquiries ,  NFL teams are allowed to open camp 15 days before their first preseason game . Hope that explains that . Joe Thomas on Myles Garrett I've never seen a player that plays like he does . Here's the link to stream in ... Jets were awarded former Rams RB Daryl Richardson off waivers from the Rams . So after serving only 8 years ,  what Lockerbie bomber Abdel Baset al Megrahi did was only four times worse than Plaxico Burress' crime . Sure . Look who's on front page of The Trentonian Cowboys' most popular cheerleader ...  Here's what Kam Chancellor texted Stephen A . Smith Ima go help my teammates that are understanding of my ...  Giants and RB Brandon Jacobs reached agreement on a one year deal . Brandon Jacobs said Plaxico will have about 8 options . He listed Philly and St . Louis said Miami and Indy were interested at one time.And so ,  as @JimTrotterNFL reported ,  49ers are releasing talented and troubled LB Aldon Smith ,  continuing San Francisco's tumultuous year . Aaron Smith might have been the most underated player in the league . He's so important to Steelers defense . Rams' HC Jeff Fisher said Case Keenum will start Sunday vs Jets . Wait for Goff continues . While in Washington ,  is there any chance I can join Pres Obama ,  Prof Gates and the Cambridge police officer tonight for a beer if I'm re  ... For the first time in three years ,  the No . 1 overall pick will not be signed before the NFL draft . Thank you for all your contributions ,  Jason ,  and good luck in the future . Our long national nightmare is over . RT @alexmarvez Brett Favre has officially filed retirement papers with the NFL . RT @ProInterviews Don't forget Brady and Belichick finally hitting 117 wins ,  best HCQB combo ,  beating out Shula and Marino  ! .  ...  Props . Lions rookie first round pick Nick Fairley will make his NFL debut tonight Fairley is active . Broncos announced partnership and 150,000 donation to Rose Andom Center in Denver to aid victims of domestic violence . NFL confirmed receipt of written statements by Clay Matthews ,  Julius Peppers ,  James Harrison ,  Mike Neal . NFL ...  #KnowThemFromAdam @buffalobills GM Brandon Beane on getting back to playoffs & state of their roster. LISTEN  . Chiefs HC Andy Reid said Monday that Alex Smith has a sprained throwing shoulder but he expects him to play Week 9 against the Jets . Colts today re signed unrestricted free agent running back Ahmad Bradshaw . Bills officially signed WR Percy Harvin and also placed S Aaron Williams on reservedinjured list . Bengals announced they signed free agent QB Terrelle Pryor . Back to and in Ohio . Calvin Johnson has ,  as expected ,  retired from NFL . Vince Wilfork is out and Ty Warren is in . Unlike the players we track ,  I DIDN'T work out today . Didn't lift . Didn't run . Didn't do much of anything . Sat on butt and tweeted . Worn out . Buccaneers claimed former Patriots' DT Sealver Siliga on waivers ,  per source . grandmother ...  Texans DE Antonio Smith's expedited appeal of his one game suspension was denied . The discipline was upheld . The people who make it possible . RT @ESPNFrontRow Meet some of the @ESPN folks working to bring you the NFL Draft  . Friend and colleague @JeffDarlington ,  in Green Bay for today's Packers Seahawks game ,  texted about the snow Dude ,  it's coming DOWN.This is Brees ian Kevin Durant has 25 points in 29 straight games ,  the longest such streak Michael Jordan did it for 40 games in 1986 87.ICYMI Real Madrid has fired its manager ,  Rafa Bentez ,  7 months after hiring him to replace Carlo Ancelotti . RT @MrAustinSr What does FWIW stand for  ?   ...  For What It's Worth ,  it means I'm unhip  very obvious  and a helmet head  not so obvious .Cowboys list WR Miles Austin as out list Tony Romo ,  Dez Bryant ,  Felix Jones as questionable  hunch is all go Monday night .Kicker Garrett Hartley working out today for the Saints . Kiko Alonso will play for Bills ,  despite knee injury . For first time since Dec 2002 ,  no former Miami  FL  player scored an NFL TD ,  snapping streak at 149 weeks . Pitt now has longest at 13 weeks . Never know if another team suddenly steps up ,  but it still doesn't sound like Buffalo is in any mood or hurry to trade RB Marshawn Lynch . RT @wingoz NFL LIVE proud to announce that Tedy Bruschi is the newest member of our team . debuts on thursday . a great addition  !  With the help of legal experts ,  Clark Judge continues to do a solid job assessing the NFL's labor situation . QB Michael Vick and WR Jeremy Maclin ruled out of Thursday night's game in Seattle . Eagles acquire Seattle's 2018 fifth round pick in exchange for T Matt Tobin and a 2018 seventh round pick . Benching Colin Kaepernick is a stunning move and fall from grace . A QB good enough to get 49ers to SB being now discarded for Blaine Gabbert . Bills re signed P Brian Moorman . And here comes Romo . Joining Goodell at SB fan forum in Houston a week from Friday will be Payton Man of Year finalists Larry Fitzgerald ,  Eli Manning ,  Greg Olsen . RT @DukeSiet What about that brand on  new Carr in Dallas  ?   ...  Expected to be the next deal out of Dallas . 49ers GM Trent Baalke said Colin Kaepernick will be on roster April 1 ,  when his 11.9M salary for 2016 becomes guaranteed . Kaep's a Niner . Rams' CB Trumaine Johnson signed his franchise tender today ,  as @PSchrags reported . How in demand has NFL draft become  ?  16 cities have sent representatives to site survey Philly with hope that they can host future drafts . Raiders traded QB Terrelle Pryor to Seahawks ,  as @ProFootballTalk reported . NFL announced that Giants S Will Hill has been suspended for four games for violating NFLs policy on performance enhancing substances . Jets expected to fire GM John Idzik ,  per @mortreport.Not happening . RT @thaisayz @AdamSchefter is there any chance Glenn Dorsey get trader to the saints  ?  NFL Insiders 30 minutes today ,  from 230 300pm on ESPN2 ,  followed by Fantasy Football Kickoff ,  then NFL Live . In regards to a report that Drew Brees' deal could be done Monday ,  a person close to the talks texted ESPN's Ed Werder ,  i highly doubt it.RT @ErikHindenburg what do the Jags need to do this season to earn any respect from national media  ?   ...  Simple . Play well and win . Wish the late Will McDonough were alive to see his son Ryan take over as Phoenix Suns GM . Congratulations to McDonough family . Former Packers CB Tramon Williams has reached a three year agreement with the Cleveland Browns ,  per source . Texans HC Gary Kubiak was treated with IV medicine designed to break up clots consistent with people who suffer strokes ,  per medical sources . NFL considering discipline for Tom Brady ,  locker attendant Jim McNally ,  equipment asst John Jastremski ,  per source close to investigation . Planned to retire after that bus trip but ESPN sent @ChrisBroussard ,  @BusterESPN and @erinandrews to talk me out of it . Worked ,  too . Raiders placed Trevor Scott on IR and officially signed former Broncos first round pick Jarvis Moss . 5th Circuit Court issued its panel assignment for next weeks Ezekiel Elliott hearing Judges Jennifer Elrod ,  James Graves ,  Edward Prado . Through two weeks ,  Saints have scored 93 points . Only the 1968 Raiders scored more in the season's first two weeks ,  and they had 95 pts . 1 hour Football Insider Show Tues night ,  7 pm ,  ESPN . Trey Wingo moderates panel of Chris Mortensen ,  John Clayton ,  Michael Smith and myself . One way or another ,  QB Matt Leinart's time in Arizona is up . Cardinals plan to trade or release him . Cecil Shorts told @BrittMcHenry he dislocated his knee ,  tore his ACL ,  MCL and PCL . Beyond brutal . Professor Burbank dismissed the Redskins and Cowboys challenges to get back salary cap space they lost . Tiger apologized ,  Hines Ward apologized and I want to apologize for going to the dentist and missing all this . Former Alabama and new Falcons OC Steve Sarkisian knows Dan Quinn ,  visited him at training camp ,  and spent time with him during hiatus . thoughts ... Redskins are tagging QB Kirk Cousins ,  per league source . Only decision left is whether team uses franchise or transition tag on him . Washington OC Sean McVay is expected to have a second HC interview with Rams later today ,  per league source . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Peyton Manning said he has been told that he'll need hip replacement surgery down the road.Panthers believe Cam Newton's March 30 rotator cuff surgery will sideline him about four months . I'm told Raiders got more than a third  and fourth round pick ,  though nothing confirmed yet . Remember ,  Pats were scheduled to have 3 2's . Help wanted   Saints tried out their former DE Paul Spicer ,  Panthers met with former Buccaneers FB Jameel Cook . My utmost respect for these players . The heat and humidity they practice in   in pads   is stifling . Much respect . Exactly 100 years ago The Titanic ,  on its maiden voyage ,  struck an iceberg at 1140 p.m . on April 14 ,  1912 ,  and sank 3 hours later . Saints staying busy New Orleans officially signed CB Mike McKenzie and placed DB Leigh Torrence on injured reserve . is . Redskins have made the decision to go with Rex Grossman as their starting quarterback . RT @KillaKimmel who would you rather have ,  strasburg or lebron  ?   ...  Great question   I think LeBron . Too much risk in a young pitching arm . Redskins announced they signed former Rams wide receiver Brian Quick . Falcons signed running back Aaron Stecker and released wide receiver Troy Bergeron . A source close to Jeff Fisher insisted delay in chossing bw MIA and STL is not a leverage play and neither side has yet to make an offer . Panthers RB Jonathan Stewart scheduled to meet with Dr . Robert Anderson next week to determine when he might be able to play . Former NFL star Darren Sharper sentenced today to a 20 year prison term for drugging ,  raping women in four ...  Former Saints CB Tracy Porter reached agreement on a one year deal with Peyton Manning's Broncos . Detroit  6  ,  San Francisco  6  ,  Buffalo  5  ,  Cincinnati  5  and Carolina  2  already have matched or surpassed last years win total . RT @skjensen Former Vikes coach Mike Tice interviewing with Bears . A closer look at a possible union  . NY Jets DE calvin pace just suspended four games . ouch . Top 10 picks in draft 1. Houston 2. St . Lou  via Wash  3. Jacksonville 4. Clev 5. Oak 6. Atl 7. Tampa 8. Minn 9. Buff 10. Detroit . Steph Curry did it ,  now Odell Beckham Jr's doing the same he has created his own emoji line ,  Odell Moji . RT AaronNaglerRT @AdamSchefter Get ready for a week of wet weather on East Coast .   Schefter angling for Roker's job ...  no ,  Matt's suits  . RT @WAD1980 what are the odds you can get Coach Belichick to sign the bus , Soon to be Champs ...  ?   ...  The same as me dating Elsa Benitez . The latest free agent move RT @richarddeitsch While watching basketball ... Christine Amanpour leaves CNN for ABC . Wow . Miami OT Jonathan Martin's meeting with Dolphins brass will be Wednesday in California and with Ted Wells in New York City on Friday . Broncos CB Champ Bailey inactive for tonight's game against the Raiders . Bills will not tender wide receiver David Nelson ,  making him an unrestricted free agent . Nelson is coming off a torn ACL . Raiders WR Darrius Heyward Bey is in stable condition in a Bay Area hospital after suffering a neck injury ,  according   . Bears traded 3rd4th2018 3rd to SF to move up one place to get ... Mitchell Trubisky . Chiefs announce they've traded WR Jon Baldwin to SF for WR AJ Jenkins . Change of scenery for both . Steelers WR Sammie Coates is active with his fractured finger ,  as @JFowlerESPN reported . In back to back weeks ,  Jets beat Peyton Manning in Indy and Tom Brady in NE . Now they aim for Ben Roethlisberger in Pitt . NFL announced limited adjustments to officiating procedures for 2015 postseason . Thanksgiving tidbits Raiders waived QB Tyler Wilson ,  Bucs worked out former Chiefs TE Tony Moeaki and placed TE Tom Crabtree on IR . Neither Giants WR ,  Hakeem Nicks nor Victor Cruz ,  showed up for team physicals today before start of Tuesday's minicamp . Falcons are signing LB AJ Hawk . RT @panther1gb89 Chances the Panthers take Luck if he enters the draft  ?   ...  If Luck enters the draft ,  he's going No . 1. Period . Dannon's Oikos brand has dropped Panthers QB Cam Newton as a spokesman ,  per @darrenrovell . Josh Freeman is signing with Minnesota . Friday 10 Spot Brady Quinn ,  Matt Cassel and Kansas City's quarter century old quarterback issues  . Packers CB Sam Shields probably misses Sunday vs . CAR due to knee injury CB Tramon Williams likely game time decision with ankle injury . Before he became Dolphins' EVP ,  Mike Tannenbaum was a coach agent ,  repping Steve Kerr at this time last year ...  At 4 pm today ,  the Bengals trade of LB Keith Rivers to Giants will become official . Rivers passed his physical and league processed deal . FWIW Now that Buccaneers Cowboys on Dec . 18 has been flexed to Sunday night ,  Cowboys Eagles cannot be moved to NBC on Jan 1.Best wishes to Jim Kelly in his battle with Squamous cell carcinoma  cancer  of the upper jaw bone . Cancer messing with the wrong guy . Clayton is threatening to fine me for tweeting in middle of our ESPN hour long football special . The nerve of him  !  They'll promote from within . RT @jcoker1 @AdamSchefter Options for the Falcons at DT if they want to sign somebody  ?  League ource Jets are signing RB Mike Goodson now . More details at  . Check out Bears great @BUrlacher54 & @seankjensen book for middle schoolers . Great read ...  Steelers president Art Rooney II We look forward to having Ben re join his teammates on the practice field.NFLPA is drawing up ,  and hopes to finalize ,  a near draft of the settlement to review today . Packers free agent QB Matt Flynn is scheduled to arrive in Seattle later tonight ,  then spend Friday with Seahawks . Miami visit will follow . Chiefs placed S Jarrad Page on season ending injured reserve and signed free agent CB Travis Daniels . Washington's Sidney Jones ,  a projected first round pick ,  was carted off with left leg injury at his pro day ...  In an effort to fill vacant defensive coordinator's job ,  Dolphins met with and interviewed former Virginia head coach Al Groh on Wednesday . For time being ,  Cowboys are expecting QB Tony Romo to miss 8 10 weeks . 13th anniversary of the worst day of our lives . To some ,  it's a day to remember . To others ,  it's a day they never forget . There was so much arm twisting on modified OT rule that it's as if Roger Goodell was Barack Obama and Rich McKay was Nancy Pelosi . RT @jmitch4 Since Luck is going back to Stanford ,  any chance Harbaugh follows  ?   ...  Never would have thought so a week ago . Now who knows . Brees salivating . RT @jeffduncantp Vikings' inactives J.Webb C.Griffin C.Cook T.Gerhart C.DeGeare J.Kennedy M.Schuler & E.Griffen . Bengals announced they have re signed HB Bernard Scott . be . On the field ,  McNair seemed invincible . Few were stronger ,  tougher . Thoughts and prayers now with his family during this tragic time . The news everyone expected now official.Happy birthday ,  Scott Tolzien . As Trey Wingo pointed out on ESPN ,  Giants rookie P Matt Dodge wasn't born when Giants P Jeff Feagles entered the NFL . #nfldraft . Good luck ,  men . From @jawsespn on 49ers' QB Colin Kaepernick I don't think he has the chance to be one of the greatest anymore. And he Truly Believes it . NFL and NFLPA are on verge of pushing back draft to May and moving up start of league year to before combine ,  per sources . What Washington wanted Redskins QB Robert Griffin III will start their Monday night opener against the Eagles . Lions' 2nd rd pick Darius Slay underwent arthroscopic knee surgery Friday ,  but is expected to be ready well before training camp . NFLPANFL aiming for Global Settlement of CBA ,  Doty TV case ,  collusion suit ,  Brady case ,  retired players lawsuit . Want all settled ,  dropped . Browns' OL Cam Erving is in stable condition at Cleveland's University Hospital ,  undergoing testing for chest and rib injuries .  . Arizona RBs ,  Chris Johnson  knee  and Andre Ellington  toe  ,  scheduled to undergo MRIs today ,  per source . Considered day to day ,  for now . Giants' 10 turnovers through their first two games are the most in franchise history ,  per Elias Sports Bureau . Former Pro Bowl RB Willis McGahee will be taking his talents to ... pro rugby . He'll be working out at @TheNRFL Combine Jan 12 in Los Angeles . Odell in pregame warmups a short time ago ...  RT @ChiefsPR Chiefs fans ,  take a moment today to remember a true hero   the late RB Joe Delaney . RT Jaguars name Nathaniel Hackett the offensive coordinator . Rams' DE Robert Quinn ,  listed as questionable for today vs . Patriots due to concussion ,  is not expected to play ,  per source . Team decided well before today ,  but Colin Kaepernick has made 49ers' initial 53 man roster . Buccaneers are giving RB Jacquizz Rodgers a two year ,  3.3 million contract ,  per source . Oft asked question NE TB trade has to mean Pats are worried about Gronk ,  no  ?  Answer No . Gronk in good spot . This provides depth ,  options . Dion Jordan now stands as a cautionary tale for teams considering Randy Gregory and Shane Ray . Next player in our ESPN commercials is a Patriots WR I like   and not just because I can look him in the eye . Cowboys signed TE Jason Witten to a 5 year ,  37 million extension that includes 19 million guaranteed . Under contract through 2017.Dolphins now have won five straight games to go to 6 4 ,  in thick of playoff race . What's more attractive trio to LeBron going forward LeBron ,  Kyrie Irving ,  No . 1 pick  ?  Or LeBron ,  Wade ,  Bosh  ?  Which trio would you prefer  ?  Panthers announced QB Cam Newton has two transverse process fractures in his lower back from today's car accident . After Baltimore passed on him ,  Houston re signed WR Kevin Walter . Tim Tebow on Tebowing A kid that tweeted me with cancer said ,  'Im Tebowing while Im chemoing.' How cool is that ? Not a decision I take lightly and it will be tricky ,  but I've decided to travel by balloon to Bristol on Sunday for NFL Countdown . RT @ochocinco RT @RapSheet Marvin Lewis on whether Belichick will go after Ochocinco Belichick's smarter than that . #AWhoopnTime . Wonder if this spells the end . RT @mortreport Here's the story on Terrell Owens' knee injury  . Denver trading RB Kapri Bibbs and 5th round pick to SF for 49ers 4th round pick in 2018.Former USC and current Bills RB Reggie Bush returns this week to the LA Coliseum ...  Special Saturday Divisional Playoff edition of Sunday NFL Countdown from 10 am to noon ET on ESPN . Panthers are signing Mike Adams to a 2 year deal ,  per source . Former Chiefs and Falcons DE Tyson Jackson is working out today for the Rams ,  per source . Heading into tonight ,  Falcons are first NFL team to start 5 0 with 4 of those wins coming when trailing at some point in the 4th quarter . Lions sold out Thanksgiving game vs . Packers   it will not be blacked out on local TV . Other players expected to be tagged by Wednesday deadline include Kirk Cousins ,  Le'Veon Bell ,  Kawann Short ,  Melvin Ingram ,  Trumaine Johnson . A great Twitter moment @ClaytonESPN is trending with George Lopez and Barbara Walters . Love it  !  Dolphins are NOT matching 5 year ,  38 million offer sheet that Buffalo gave TE Charles Clay ,  per sources . Bills have a new TE . Trade is done Randy Moss to Minnesota for a third round pick . Details on ESPN's Sportscenter at 9 a.m . FWIW Andre Johnson thinks he will play ,  but various member of Texans don't think he will . Best to wait on his status till pregame if u can . So just to be clear in Vernon Davis trade SF and Denver swapping 6th and 7th round picks in 2016 ,  and 49ers get Denver's 6th in 2017.RT @thevikingpig Won't Floyd go higher than Blackmon  ?   ...  Don't think so ,  but it wouldn't floor me . Hey ,  @tunasweasel former Browns RB James Davis tried out today for the Bills . Giants RB David Wilson ,  nursing a neck injury ,  is scheduled to meet with Dr . Robert Watkins in LA Monday . Wilson out a few weeks ,  for now . Not that there was a question ,  but now official Bengals TE Tyler Eifert  ankle  out for Week 1.Well deserved RT @mortreport Congratulations to my personal assistant @JoeyRoberts who today was honored by Trinity  . One Texans official called Vanderbilt HC James Franklin a star on the rise ,  which is why Redskins and Browns want chance to interview him . Before tonight ,  Chris Matthews was best known for this he is cousins with the late Reggie White . Best off season matchup will be Redskins vs . Albert Haynesworth ,  with plenty  of   at stake . Here's why  . Detroit Lions head coach Jim Caldwell has signed a multi year contract extension with the Lions ,  a league source tells ESPN . Cardinals coach Ken Whisenhunt is scheduled to meet Monday with team president Michael Bidwill . No sure thing Rob Gronkowski is active tonight and if he is ,  he will be limited ,  per source . Former Jaguars LB JT Thomas reached agreement with Giants 3 years ,  12 million ,  including 4.5M fully guaranteed . Bucs GM Jason Licht said he didn't receive any inquiries about QB Mike Glennon . Mikes a Buc and Im glad hes a Buc ,  Licht said . Dwight Freeney was listed as questionable with an abdomen injury but now has been ruled out . RT @JeffMcLane Asante Samuel said that he was fined 40,000 for his helmet hit on Derek Hagan in Sunday's game vs the Giants . RT @nancygay RT @bydavidwhite Raiders concede point on NFL policy ,  drop Rich Gannon ban from TV meetings but stand by their point . Richard Sherman and Brandon Browner are appealing suspensions ,  insisting they are innocent . Appeal could be heard as early as this week . Kicking off Sunday even before @OGOchocinco ,  who has come to make me feel the way he does when he schools the corners trying to cover him . Cowboys' DE Greg Hardy cashes in on a 500K incentive today if he gets two sacks vs Washington and he gets a total of 1M for four sacks . Drew Brees on when his wife is expecting next child He could come at any moment . Officially due next week but it could happen any moment.What are some people thinking  ?  RT @McClainonNFL Not smart of RB LeGarrette Blount to no show before 20 scouts at Oregon's pro day . Steelers g David DeCastro dislocated his knee cap ,  tore his medial collateral ligament and suffered some damage to pat  . Cameron WakeHas 11.5 sacksNeeds 12 sack today for 875,000 bonus ,  or 3.5 sacks for 1.25 million . Browns terminated the contract of veteran center Hank Fraley . Rams also requesting HC interview with Falcons OC Kyle Shanahan ,  per source . Good read . RT @MikeReiss Quick hit thoughts around the NFL & with the Patriots  Woodhead almost a Jet again Welker   . As it turns out ,  QB Tom Brady will not have new contract before Patriots first preseason game tonight . Sometime this summer still possible . Lions HC Jim Caldwell said if Calvin Johnson doesn't improve with his ankle injury ,  there's a chance he misses Sunday's game . Haloti Nagta traded to Lions ,  per @aaronwilson . Raiders RB Latavius Murray is scheduled to visit Seattle.Cards RB Chris Johnson intends to continue playing ,  and will do visits next week . As @jayglazer reported ,  Jaguars and Dave Caldwell have agreed to terms on a new contract to make him Jacksonville's new GM . Fella  ?  Raiders announced passing of former OL and scout Mickey Marvin ,  and former player personnel executive and consultant George Karras . RIP ... Every player to catch a touchdown pass from Peyton Manning  . Chargers signed former Wisconsin QB Scott Tolzien and former Auburn DE Mike Blanc . Raiders HC Tom Cable announced Jason Campbell will start Sunday vs . Chiefs . For the first time all season   really for the first time since last season   the Dolphins and Panthers do not have the same record . RB Ryan Mathews' deal with San Diego is a five year ,  25.65 million deal that includes 15.08 million guaranteed . Patriots QB Tom Brady loses his cool ...  ROBERT MATHIS STATEMENT It is difficult for me to address the circumstances surrounding this suspension because ...  League is considering fining Jets DE Muhammad Wilkerson and LB Quinton Coples for hit that injured Titans QB Jake Locker . More Fisher We will bring him up to speed as quickly as possible.Lorenzo Charles ,  whose one shot in 1983 was as memorable as any in college basketball history ,  was killed in a bus crash at age 47. #RIP . Colts said Manning's procedure was done to relieve pain in his neck caused by a pinched nerve.Packers placed S Atari Bigby ,  CB Al Harris and RB James Starks on Physically Unable To Perform list ,  and RB Quinn Porter on injured reserve . Knew a Viking would try to steal spotlight RT @espnnfl Vikings' Sidney Rice has hip injury ,  should be ready for opener  . When final details are tallied ,  Andrew Luck's five year extension is expected to come in around 125 million ,  give or take a few million . Pro Bowl RB DeMarco Murray is flying to Philadelphia this morning with the expectation he will be an Eagle ,  per a ...  Mort and I on Sportscenter at 1015 am ,  talking Steelers Vikings and Dolphins Saints . Try FG now and go for onsides kick  !  ESPN's off season NFL Power Rankings Seattle jumps to No . 1.So basically Rex Ryan has had a heavy influence over each of past two teams not to allow a TDs in season's first two weeks . Detroit placed embattled WR Titus Young on injured reserve ,  ending his season . Steelers QB Dennis Dixon tore his lateral meniscus cartilage ,  will get a second opinion . Likely arthroscopic surgery ,  out a few weeks . Redefining egg on your face ...  RT @mikemathis555 Any word regarding d.Williams returning to panthers  ?  Wouldn't it be RB gluttony  ?   ...  No such thing as RB gluttony . RT @ClaytonESPN No practice again for Texans HB Arian Foster because of the hamstring . If he can't go ,  Derrick Ward starts . Vikings tendered postseason standout DE Ray Edwards at the first round level . A loss for the Chicago Bears Jay Cutler's good friend Jeremy Bates is going with Carroll to Seattle ,  and won't be the Bears new OC . Cardinals GM Steve Keim and Arizona asst . coach Tom Moore are in Raleigh ,  N.C. ,  to workout North Carolina State QB Mike Glennon on Tuesday . Chiefs new HC will help determine fate of GM Scott Pioli like Jaguars new GM will help determine fate of HC Mike Mularkey . Three Texans QBs from 2014 won today Ryan Fitzpatrick ,  Case Keenum ,  Ryan Mallett . Plus Brandon Weeden got 1st win as starter in 1,113 days . Here's a link to a glimpse of that Rae Carruth story on Outside the Lines . RT @ArmenKeteyian After reading report ,  I say give Big Ben 10 games . Six for alleged assault ,  2 more each for arrogance and entitlement . At No . 137 ,  Broncos draft Oklahoma St . DB Perrish Cox . #nfldraft . And SF goes Illinois WR A.J . Jenkins . RT @joshzachary24 That's 4.  ...  Only got 140 characters . Justin Forsett makes five . Bob Sanders has undergone surgery by Dr . James Andrews for a torn biceps tendon.Any timetable for a return remains undetermined . Dodgers' Yasiel Puig ,  Rams' Jared Goff meet ,  reconcile before QB throws out first pitch at Monday's game ...  Been in works for weeks ...  RB Chris Johnson is re signing a one year deal with Arizona ,  per source . Cardinals officially have requested permission to interview Steelers OC Todd Haley for HC job ,  as @kentsomers and @mikejurecki reported . RIP . Way too young ,  sad . RT @JosinaAnderson Breaking News Multiple sources are reporting that Broncos WR Kenny McKinley has passed away . Colts now announce they have signed WR Andre Johnson . Big deal Falcons signing CB Robert Alford to a four year ,  38 million extension that includes 21 million guaranteed ,  per league sources . Suh's stock just went up . RT @schadjoe Herbstreit report Jake Locker will return for senior season . Jets bringing in former Ravens DL Trevor Pryce . Upon Further Review Inside the failure to stop Darren Sharpers rape spree  . WR Josh Gordon was the only player to be picked during today's NFL supplemental draft . After last tweet got panned ,  I'll stick to music RT @asgupta15 This is a classic  . Rookie WR Sterling Shepard stands out at Giants practice without Odell Beckham Jr.Panthers RB DeAngelo Williams officially inactive . Plenty of work for Jonathan Stewart ,  Mike Goodson and Tyrell Sutton . 7 WRs  A . Brown ,  D . Thomas ,  J . Nelson ,  T.Y . Hilton ,  E . Sanders ,  G . Tate ,  J . Maclin  have more receiving yards than entire Chiefs WR corps . Cardinals WR Michael Floyd ,  listed as questionable with a hamstring injury ,  is expected to play today vs SF ,  per source . RT @mcantalupo I don't think the Dolphins have got this much attention since Ace Ventura Pet Detective #NFLdraft . Friday Super Bowl LI injury report  . Dolphins signed Broncos restricted free agent running back CJ Anderson to a 4 year offer sheet . Denver has 5 days to match or lose . Kyle Orton had his ankle rolled up on in the second quarter . Chris Simms now preparing to take his first series for Denver . Jaguars waived the Colts' former first round pick DE Bjoern Werner . Titans plan to cut TE Daniel Graham ,  per league source . Vikings have contingency plan in place if Mike Zimmer is unable to coach vs Dallas . Two former HCs ,  Tony Sparano and Pat Shurmur ,  on staff . RT @laqbobby @AdamSchefter Like Jon Gruden said this AM ,  Hes the owner ,  Id play Neil Young if he wanted . Story of 2017 Draft First time in common draft era   since 1967   that 3 different teams traded UP on draft day for a QB in the 1st round . Steelers' fans can even create a home game in Ohio . Dolphins RB Reggie Bush ruled out of Sunday's game vs . Jets . Ron Jaworski on @SportsCenter on the top rated QBs in this draft I wouldn't take any of these guys in the first round.Rams traded former No . 2 overall pick Greg Robinson to Lions for a 2018 sixth round draft pick ,  source tells ESPN . Confirmation . RT @KaraHenderson Talked to Norv Turner . Antonio Gates and Malcom Floyd are out for Chargers . Bengals WR Terrell Owens was fined 5,000 for tweeting too close to Sunday's kickoff and violating the NFL's social media policy . And @mortreport is reporting the Raiders have interest in drafting WVU QB Geno Smith ,  a player some see as a top 10 pick . Patriots have signed safety Patrick Chung to a 3 year extension through 2017 worth up to 8.2M ,   with 3.4M guaranteed ,  per @FieldYates . Never know who you'll meet at ESPN . Me and The Champ . Just now .  Jets declined to pick up option on RB Chris Johnson's contract he's now a free agent . RT @30for30 Was Marcus Dupree more talented than Walter Payton or Jerry Rice  ?  Watch @30for30 at 8pm on ESPN . Chargers have activated strong safety Steve Gregory and waived wide receiver Richard Goodman . Juices flowing this morning . Can't you tell  ?  Even with the baby getting me up at 530 ,  too . RT @QBKILLA Did U Get an Invite  ?   ...  Sadly ,  the Royal Wedding and Tony Romo missed me . Wonder if Kim Kardashian will ,  too . At it agn RT @sharper42 @vshiancoe ok homeboy you done went too far ,  making me out to be something that has brought this country heartache . Filed to ESPN Sources confirm Santa is on the verge of signing a long term extension for the richest deal ever given to Santa . He's playing . RT @Blahe @AdamSchefter Andre Johnson ... yay or nay  ?  RT @WillDaThrill23 When is Vincent Jackson suppose to play again  ?   ...  Expected to play   and contribute   Sunday night in Indianapolis . Free agent LB Eric Barton has been suspended by the commissioner for the first four games of the 2011 season . Via @mortreport 49ers' interest in trading for Jets CB Darrelle Revis is .001 on a scale of 1 10 ,  a source said via text message . RT @wowakjo @AdamSchefter is it too late for the bengals to join the arena league  ?   ...  Now now . It's early ,  though that wasn't encouraging . Question of day RT @davefurst Sign of the times . next season nfl mvp debate #peytonmanning or #tombrady for Most Valuable Plaintiff  ?  Rod Woodson highlights   As versatile as any DB in the Hall of Fame . 11 Pro Bowls . Fast ,  tough ,  old school   and a quality guy . For those asking about Chris Chambers ,  we won't know until 4 p.m . eastern whether he has cleared waivers . Saints signed offensive tackle Charles Brown ,  their 2010 second round draft choice ,  to a four year contract . Chargers released QB Kellen Clemens ,  RB Kenjon Barner ,  TE Jeff Cumberland and S Dwight Lowery . Clemens expected to return this week . Tom Brady  ankle  is listed as questionable for Sundays game at Buffalo after being limited in practice Friday . Trade official Darrelle Revis passed physical . Bucs send 1st in 2013 and conditional 4th in 2014 that could be 3rd to Jets . More on ESPNews . Multiple teams have reached out to the Browns to inquire about the availability of WR Josh Gordon ,  per league ...  Texans dont think RB Arian Foster will play this week . To all those tweeting about Falcons WR Roddy White and his status with his knee injury today ,  relax . He's playing . St . Louis Rams requested permission for OC interview with Broncos OC Adam Gase ,  a finalist for 49ers HC job . NFL and Rams discussed contingency plans in event that protests in nearby Ferguson ,  Mo. ,  prevented them from playing todays game in STL . Official announcement from Chiefs on Jamaal Charles  . ESPNs Sunday NFL Countdown moves up one hour today to 9 am ,  due to college football playoff selection show that st  . Bengals WR Brandon Lafell needs 3 catches today to earn a 300,000 incentive for 60 catches needs five yards to earn a 200,000 incentive . Eagles website said Michael Vick did not pass his ImPACT test on Wednesday and will not be cleared to practice on Thursday . RT @YuriyATLBalla @AdamSchefter u think there's gonna be a huge trade  ?  ... &lt  There already were two   Braylon Edwards and Gaines Adams . RT @OGOchoCinco  . Twins  ?  Too early to tell . Tweet back in Dec RT @johnnyaguilera @AdamSchefter who do you think is the best college qb eligible for the 2010 draft  ?  What will be the result of extending Friday's CBA talks  ?  Let's hear your vote and comments .  Our lineups ...  RT @SportsCenter Link for fans to vote on who will win   Adam vs Mort in Fantasy Football  . The RichRod Era at Michigan did not end well . Thoughts and prayers for people in Connecticut . Beyond sickening and heartbreaking ... No practice today for Packers WR Jordy Nelson . Whiteout right now in Foxboro ... look at SalPal  !  As part of the Duane Brown trade ,  CB Jeremy Lane has been traded to Houston ,  per source . I don't want to be mean spirited and name it . Really . RT @YoDoyle @adamschefter what would be your all rookie fantasy team  ?  To be clear ,  Mike Tannenbaum will continue living in NJ ,  working full time as an agent for Priority Sports . Dolphins will be client of his . Ravens gave Marshal Yanda a 4 year ,  32M extension ,  including 17.8M in gtd money ,  per source . Yanda now tied to Ravens through 2019 season . RT @GFL11131988 Is getting McNeill back more important than Jackson  ?   ...  Jackson is better player ,  McNeill plays more important position . And for the 30th straight year ,  ESPN's Mel Kiper Jr . did not take an in draft bathroom break . The Streak Lives . And Texans WR Andre Johnson didn't practice today ,  either . A promotion for Brady Quinn . RT @espnnfl Tim Tebow bumped to down to Denver Broncos' third QB . Nothing to Ty Law to Seattle speculation . Ty Law will go somewhere ,  but it's hard to go to Seattle when he hasn't even heard from Seahawks . He just can't stay healthy . RT @espnnfl Oakland Raiders RB Darren McFadden to miss preseason opener  . Chargers are considering placing Pro Bowl G Kris Dielman ,  who suffered a concussion against the Jets ,  on injured reserve as early as today . NFL sent a memo to all 32 teams today ,  instructing key executives to attend Thursday's owners meetings in Atlanta . More on ESPN . Source close to former Steelers guard Kendall Simmons said he will sign today with ... New England . He takes Richard Seymour's roster spot . Looks like an offensive line run coming ,  says our ESPN colleague Bill Polian . Tests last night to determine whether Rams WR Danny Amendola's collarbone was broken were inconclusive and he is sched  . Ben Roethlisberger on the Browns' QBs he has faced  . Picture of the day from our ESPN set How much of a role do you think Gronkowski's ankle injury will play in ...  Charles Woodson's NFL career finishes today in the same place and the same city it began in 1998 Kansas City's Arrowhead Stadium . Just to be clear ,  49ers extended invite to Crabtree to sit down with owner and other execs . Crabtree has yet to respond . Forget about how much this league changes from season to season . It changes that much from week to week . Actually shaved this morning ,  @wingoz . Can't help having 5 o'clock shadow at 835 am . #teenwolf . Isn't this classy  ?  RT @BaltimoreDude @AdamSchefter You are an annoying little jew . Bucs released kicker Roberto Aguayo ,  per @nflstroud . RT @MattPomPom Just mowed 4 acres in rural Texas in summer heat . My advice to Brett Favre would be to keep playing . Some of the most profound words yet about the late ,  great Steve Sabol ,  via @awfulannouncing    . More Redskins released G Randy Thomas . Looks like Bengals are next team to be featured on HBOs Hard Knocks. Welcome back to the show and the team . Filed to ESPN On the eve of the Super Bowl ,  there is finally contact and a remarkable truce . This should be fun For each of the next two Mondays ,  Erik Kuselias and I will be co hosting the Mike and Mike in the Morning show . Broncos wide receiver Brandon Lloyd was named to the 2011 Pro Bowl ,  as was Redskins CB DeAngelo Hall . Which of these new NFL jerseys do you like best  ?  He always could change his mind ,  but Pittsburgh WR Mike Wallace is expected to report back to Steelers before the regular season begins . Before suffering season ending torn ACL ,  Dante Fowler signed an injury protection waiver that obligates Jaguars to negotiate in good faith . NFL notified teams this morning that Senior VP of officiating Dean Blandino is leaving to pursue other opportunities ,  per the memo . Six Points Jay Cutler's wins could lead to a significant Bears' loss . RT @NotoriousOHM    Haynesworth ,  Torain ,  Rogers and Landry among Redskins inactives . Titans placed their franchise tag on safety Michael Griffin ,  not cornerback Cortland Finnegan . Lions reach agreement with DE Jason Jones ,  per @MikeMcCartney7.Like this better ...  RT @JMorgan4 AllDay2K should be the nickname  !  When free agency begins today ,  CB A.J . Bouye is likely to leave the Houston Texans and sign elsewhere ,  per sources . Panthers HC John Fox announced that Carolina is going back to Matt Moore as its starting quarterback .   . Bills will wear decals on their helmets to honor the firefighters of Webster ,  N.Y. ,  who were ambushed by a lone gunman on Christmas Eve . Bengals gave Michael Johnson a 4 yr ,  20 million deal that pays him 6 million this year . With Bucs' 7 million ,  Johnson makes 13M in 2015.Bill Belichick to narrate World War II FoundationTim Gray Medias Documentary Film D Day Over Normandy . At 126 ,  Cowboys draft IUP defensive back Akwasi Owusu Ansah ,  who will help on return game . #nfldraft . From NFLPA filing Arbitrator Henderson has now advised the parties that he intends to issue his decision by the close of business today.Not a good day to be a safety Rams released S O.J . Atogwe ,  their former franchise player . For more my pls go to fbk  . Terrelle Pryor is Raiders starting QB going forward ,  team said . Here's what Miami's up against Thursday night in NE Tom Brady is 8 0 when playing on Thursday ,  with 20 TD passes and 2 INTs in those games . Former Raiders RB Justin Fargas scheduled to fly to Denver tonight to take a physical and try to finalize a deal with Broncos . Deal likely . A Bristol County Grand Jury indicted Aaron Hernandez today on charges stemming from an alleged assault in House of Corrections in February . RBs Adrian Peterson and MJD officially are active . The Raiders and the trade deadline .  Though few believed it and most doubted it ,  Ravens LB Terrell Suggs was activated today and will play Sunday vs . Houston via @mortreport . Texans hired Reggie Herring as LB coach ,  Vance Joseph as DB coach ,  John Butler as a defensive asst coach and Jim Ryan as an offensive asst . Story of my life ... don't notice much . RT @tunasweasel @AdamSchefter is the most singularly focused man in America . Asked on ESPNs NFL Live what he would have said if the Giants told him what they told Eli Manning this week ,  Steve  . No settlement is expected between Jonathan Vilma and the NFL before the judge rules on the temporary restraining order as early as Friday . RT @ProFootballHOF DE Deacon Jones last game of Hall of Fame careerkicks extra point in Redskins 42 0 win over Bears on Dec . 15 ,  1974.White Sox pitcher Philip Humber Perfect game vs . Mariners . Props . Ravens announced Haloti Ngata suspended by NFL for next four games for violating its performance enhancing substances policy . Cowboys lose another lineman . Buccaneers HC Greg Schiano did not return to Tampa with the Buccaneers due to a family medical emergency in the Boston area . Filed to ESPN Adrian Peterson agreed to a new 7 year  deal with Vikings . Numbers will be huge . Cowboys CB Mike Jenkins ,  who had off season right shoulder surgery ,  is undergoing an MRI on his right shoulder today . Clemson DE Da'Quan Bowers ,  projected as a top five picks ,  plans only to lift at this week's scouting combine . NFL makes it mandatory for players to wear knee and thigh pads starting in 2013.#KnowThemFromAdam @samponder on her new role with Sunday NFL Countdown & not reading the comments. LISTEN ...  RT @miklasz Rams HC Steve Spagnuolo surprised his team by taking the players to World Series Game 3. Play Cowboys Sun . Some good news out of Seattle   Seahawks could use ithim . RT @espnnfcwest Carroll Leon Washington will be ready    . Ravens had their former RB Ray Rice speak to all their rookies Wednesday ,  telling them his story ,  the good and bad.NFL fined Steelers 35,000 and wide receiver Emanuel Sanders 15,000 for him faking an injury against Bengals . RT @McClainonNFL Cushing should man up ,  tell us what he tested positive for . I've heard 3 different substances from 3 different sources . One Fort Worth restaurant owner projected his establishment would generate 850,000 this week . Now he said he'd be happy with 85,000.Ravens LB Terrell Suggs turns 30 in October . Fair to wonder ,  after a torn Achilles ,  if we'll ever see him produce at the same level again . ESPN.com's Len Pasquarelli reportsOakland is willing to part with CB Nnamdi Asomugha in exchange for Donovan McNabb   but Eagles reluctant . 22 Swanson's 12 year old daughter is being shuttled amongst friends and Swanson's 88 year old mother is in declining health . Best to him . Dolphins have signed TE Dante Rosario and GC Ryan Cook ,  via @MiamiDolphins . Washington TE Jordan Reed will not play Sunday vs Chargers . Saints re signed RFA C Brian De La Puente . Former Jets' QB Michael Vick is on his way to Pittsburgh to meet with the Steelers ,  league source told ESPN . ESPN obtained following letter that Roger Goodell sent to NFL teams within past 30 minutes To Chief ...  A sign the Cowboys are concerned about Felix Jones Dallas signed RB Chauncey Washington to active roster from its practice squad . Tom Martinez ,  who taught Tom Brady the proper throwing mechanics when the Pats QB was a youngster ,  died Tuesday on his 66th birthday . RIP . Filed to ESPN Sean Payton and the Saints have agreed on an outline of a new contract extension ,  similar to old extension . Peyton Manning is throwing to Wes Welker at Duke this week for first time as teammates ,  per @mortreport . One reason tonight so unpredictable Each of top 16 teams except NO and DET have changed HC or GM in past two years . The chances of Donovan McNabb playing quarterback Sunday for the Eagles are only slightly greater than the chances I will . Filed to ESPN As a sign that he is their future ,  the Philadelphia Eagles extended quarterback Kevin Kolb's contract one year . Giants free agent CB Kevin Dockery is visiting the St . Louis Rams today . Dockery played in NY for former Giants DC Steve Spagnuolo . Turner President David Levy had announced the passing of Craig Sager . Beyond sad . Sal Pal keeping up with the trends  . Court orders briefing on stay request that goes until next week without ruling on temp stay request . To repeat ,  just to clarify any confusion ,  Lions WR Calvin Johnson is INactive . So on Weds ,  Dwight Freeney visits SD ,  Charles Woodson visits DEN ,  and AFC West could become more compelling . If Houston did not put in a claim for Kyle Orton ,  and it signed Jake Delhomme on Tuesday ,  hard to imagine Texans claiming Donovan McNabb . Now we know why the Giants drafted a punter . Jeff Feagles told Tom Coughlin he is unsure he wants to continue playing . #nfldraft . Cleveland claimed QB Josh Woodrum on waivers from Baltimore ,  per source . claim  ?  The more I hear ,  the more I believe that Florida QB Tim Tebow is going to be a first round pick tonight #nfldraft . Cleveland claimed defensive back Ramzee Robinson on waivers from Philadelphia and placed safety Brodney Pool on injured reserve . Packers HC Mike McCarthy announced today that safety Nick Collins is out for the season due to his neck injury . Giants announced they have hired Ben McAdoo ,  the former Packers QB coach ,  as their new offensive coordinator . For those who missed it ... Drew Rosenhaus wrestling a shark . NY sports talk radio host said he would trade Revis for SF's top 2 picks AND Aldon Smith . Why stop there  ?  Why not have them throw in Iupati  ?  Woe is Carolina . Back to the drawing board . RT @GusRamsey andrew luck is returning to Stanford  !  49ers are making team president and CEO Jed York available to the media via conference call at 5pm PT . Patriots will re examine Tom Brady in the morning ,  but one source said the quarterback is likely to practice Thursday . Steelers first round pick David DeCastro has a torn medial collateral ligament but the team is unsure whether he tore   . If Broncos beat Cincy ,  they clinch playoff spot ,  with 70% chance of 1st rd bye ,  per ESPNs FPI if they lose ,  23% chance they miss playoffs . Falcons LB Lofa Tatupu will be out for the year with a torn pectoral . Texans source says on JJ Watt'a back injury ,  It doesn't look good.Just to get in the mood for football ,  think I'm going to put on some eye black today . What were they waiting for  ?  Jaguars placed running back Maurice Jones Drew on injured reserve with a foot injury . Congrats on a great career   Redskins OT Chris Samuels will announce his retirement Thursday ,  March . 4 ,  at noon ET at Redskins Park . How can Mayor Michael R . Bloomberg try so hard to lure Lebron to NY ,  then ignore the absence of Kobayashi from his city  ?  Seahawks LT Rees Odhiambo remains hospitalized with what doctors believe is a cardiac contusion  a bruised heart ,  per source . T.J . Yates will be Houstons No . 2 quarterback today vs . the Colts and QB Matt McGloin will be inactive ,  per source . RT @BKdotNET I'm picking Chiefs  Seahawks for SuperBowl .  ...  Why not  ?  In this league ,  anything is possible . Giants have been awarded offensive tackle Herb Taylor off waivers from Denver . Dallas owner Jerry Jones has slowed down ,  if not impeded ,  contract negotiations aimed at extension for Roger Goodell ,  per @mortreport and me . Not something you see every day Michigan WR Amara Darboh became a U.S . citizen today  . Ndamukong Suh is being suspended for Sunday's game against Dallas ,  per @mortreport . When he appeals ,  hearing officer will be Ted Cottrell . About right  . Eagles and punter Donnie Jones agree to terms on one year contract and released Mat McBriar ,  team announced . Picks in Flynn to OAK deal are a pick in 2014 and a conditional pick in 2015.Interesting that Baylor QB Nick Florence and Stanford QB Kevin Hogan replaced Robert Griffin III and Andrew Luck ,  then spearheaded upsets . Book it RT @MoveTheSticks Tom Condon sent an email to all NFL teams letting them know that Sam Bradford will have his pro day on March 25th . On first day of free agency ,  Cowboys cut DeMarcus Ware and Bears cut Julius Peppers . On second day ,  Darrelle Revis will exit Tampa . Mike Holmgren brings aboard one of his former standouts Browns signed former Seahawks wide receiver Bobby Engram . Seahawks announced 4 year extension for linebacker KJ Wright . Breaking undergoing arthroscopic knee surgery this morning to repair torn meniscus ,  per sources . Will be listed as probable for Sunday . RT @MikeReiss Sports radio WEEI reporting this morning that Tom Brady was involved in a car accident . Normally Brady or Manning . Today Peterson or Brees . RT @ohioplaya1 @AdamSchefter who's the best player in the nfl  any position  ? Steve Spagnuolo confirms Mark Clayton has torn right patella tendon . Like Rams WRs Donnie Avery and Dominique Curry ,  Clayton out for year . RT @caplannfl According to the team website ,  the Jaguars announced they released veteran WR Lee Evans . Also waivedinjured WR Taylor Price . He changes game . And ,  more important ,  he wins . RT @JSosnovsky @AdamSchefter His stats aren't great . Why do you think he's so successful  ?  Saints asst . HC Joe Vitt on this year's HOF inductee Willie Roaf He's potentially the greatest offensive tackle to ever play our game.Jacksonville requested permission from New Orleans to interview Pete Carmichael Jr for its OC job . New Orleans still wants to re sign him . Upon walking into ESPN offices this am ,  a kind woman said ,  Let me show you to your office. And she took me to office that said ,  Jim Rome . Good news from Atlanta . RT @mortreport Team source says Mike Smith is fine ,  now at home . Bills plan to evenly split the workload between RBs C.J . Spiller and Fred Jackson . RT @RAIDERS The Raiders are on the field for their first mini camp practice of 2010.  ...  And so is JaMarcus . Patriots placed OT Sebastian Vollmer on reserve PUP ,  per source . Theoretically can bring him back but more likely will not play this year . 1020.For those of you interested in Facebook lists with official NFL team pages organized by division ,  they are posted at  . Panthers LB Thomas Davis' suspension reduced to one game upon appeal . Bucs signed FB Chris Pressley off the Cincinnati Bengals practice squad and on to their active roster . Guaranteed opening day star ESPN's brand spanking new ,  state of art NFL studio . Makes debut at 10 am ET . Nothing like it in ,  or on ,  TV . CB Darius Slay and Detroit Lions agreed to a 4 year extension worth 50.2N with 23M fully guaranteed at signing ,  per source . With Saints winning appeal ,  suspensions are voided as Roger Goodell doesn't have jurisdiction and Stephen Burbank does . What's shaping up as a potentially BIG story RT @chadfordinsider Here's the link to the latest on DWade Bulls story . Jaguars WR Ace Sanders facing a four game suspension and taking leave from NFL ,  per @ryanohalloran . Details  . So sad to lose someone who brought so much happiness to so many  ...  RIP Robin Williams . Jason Hill is the WR who trash talked about Darrelle Revis before the Jets Jags game last year   . Colts QB Andrew Luck missed practice today with a sore right shoulder . Texans HC Bill O'Brien said No . 1 overall pick Jadeveon Clowney underwent surgery this morning and will be out 4 6 weeks . RT @mortreport Bobby Wade to Chiefs . Colts were interested ,  not Titans . Get the Purell ready . A stomach virusflu bug is sweeping through the NFL main's hotel in Ft . Lauderdale . Filed to ESPN Texans signed LB DeMeco Ryans to a six year ,  48 million contract extension . This must have been some good radio . RT @WovenDimensions Did you just listen to the Bill Polian Show  ?  The fans toasted him and good  !  Ravens signed veteran CB Brandon Boykin . VY trying to set the record straight . RT @VinceYoung10 for your info I have my shoulder pads stop believing everything u here . While controversy has swirled around Packers team picture ,  no such issues with Pitt . Each Steeler posed for Pittsburgh's team picture today . Kerry Collins is second among active QB in passing yards ,  completions and attempts ,  trailing only his teammate ,  Peyton Manning . Texans now have signed all eight draft picks ,  including 1st round pick J.J . Watt and 2nd round picks ,  OLB Brooks Reed and CB Brandon Harris . Chuck Pagano on dealing with J.J . Watt We could have 12 offensive linemen in there and Id be scared ,  if they let us play with that many.Jury begins deliberating today to decide fate of Cardell Hayes ,  the man accused of murdering ex Saint Will Smith ...  Wishing you and yours a Happy and Healthy ,  Prosperous and Peaceful 2013. Happy New Year  !  Chiefs announced on Wednesday that the club has signed free agent DT Shaun Smith . RT @ArmenKeteyian Finished Agassi's Open. Of all sports books I've read   and I've read hundreds   never read one better . Staggering . 31 of 32 NFL teams are busy with OTAs today only team not is Rams . RT @SNNightly Who do you see the Vikings try to sign  ?   ...  They'd be happy to bring back Sidney Rice ,  though they'll have major competition . Even though Jets WR Brandon Marshall expected to be active today ,  he likely will be on snap count due to footknee injury . Weather also bad . The details on the expectation that Jenn Sterger will meet with the NFL later this week . Even though hearing in Minnesota is scheduled for April 6 ,  an NFLPA source said no ruling is expected until mid April at the earliest . For more info on Lewis ,  he was a third round pick ,  96th overall selection ,  out of Oregon State . Impressive start for him . Gordie Howe is now 82 years old   and he played till he was 51. In other words ,  he was the hockey Brett Favre . WR duo of Owens and Chad Ocho Cinco have a combined 1,690 receptions ,  second among teammates behind NE's Randy Moss and Torry Holt  1,846 .AP reporting Tom Brady has won his case . 49ers requested permission to interview Raiders offensive coordinantor Hue Jackson for their head coach opening . Buccaneers announced they have placed WR Louis Murphy on Injured Reserve list . Initial diagnosis for Bills RB Fred Jackson is a sprained left lateral collateral ligament . Jackson is scheduled to undergo an MRI Monday . Lovie on Mike Evans Ive been around the league a while and I havent been around one rookie  able to do the things Evans has done.Saints have won their last 7 appearances on Monday Night Football ,  the longest current winning streak on Monday Night for any team . So before the Bills even get to the combine ,  they could have a new QB in Josh McCown and do have a new G in Richie Incognito . Buccaneers TE Austin Seferian Jenkins will miss another game today vs . Eagles due to lingering shoulder injury ,  per source . Giants coach Tom Coughlin told SalPal that S Antrel Rolle will play vs . Eagles . As expected ,  John Dorsey has agreed to become Chiefs GM ,  team announced . Jim Harbaugh on Anquan Boldin He's as tough as any player at any position in the National Football League ,  both mentally and physically.Hue Jackson is new Raiders coach . Chiefs also reached agreement on long term deal with P Dustin Colquitt . Three potential free agents ,  all three taken care of . My Wish Andrew McCutchen.PART I Chiefs released statement on RB Larry Johnson saying they and NFL are continuing to investigate his alleged comments . RT @TitansFootball Bryant has 5 yr 11.8M contract w8.5M gtd . How is his 2010 salary only 320k  ?   ...  Teams pay big bonuses ,  low bases . Titans QB Marcus Mariota ,  considered game time decision due to hamstring ,  not expected to play vs . Dolphins ,  per source . Matt Cassel starts . 49ers head coach Jim Harbaugh's wife ,  Sarah ,  gave birth to a boy Jack Jr . on Tuesday ,  the 4th day of the 9th month . A real 49 ,  Jack Jr . As a practical matter ,  Ezekiel Elliotts suspension goes back into effect but ... his lawyers still can refile in Dallas or fight it in NY . RT @MarkMaske NFL announced on its Web site that Giants Vikings game has been rescheduled for Monday night because of snow in Minneapolis . RT @jwyattsports Fisher said Young has lost his job as the team's quarterback ,  injury or not  ...  Young also might need thumb surgery . Talk about the Alex Gibbs effect the Texans o line ,  once much maligned ,  didn't surrender a single sack on the road today . Some big name hires in KC Chiefs hired Bernie Parmalee as TE coach ,  Otis Smith as defensive quality control and Emmitt Thomas as DB coach . Depth for Denver Broncos signed former Colts and Eagles OT Winston Justice for veteran minimum plus another 350k in incentives . Dean Smith ,  gone at 83. RIP to one of the greatest college anything coaches ever . Leon Washington was put on season ending IR ,  but injury will sideline him 12 weeks . T.O. ,  D . Ward ,  D . Sproles all came back from same injury . They can do it in 40 ,  @RattoCSN ,  correct . This felt like 60 and I'm used to 60. So to clarify 40 minutes to immortality . #hailtothevictors . Players out today include Bucs RB Doug Martin ,  Dolphins RB Damien Williams ,  Patriots WR Chris Hogan ,  Raiders WR Am  . It is first time since the final four games of 1953 season that Green Bay has allowed at least 30 points in four straight games ,  per Elias . Texans claimed QB Brandon Weeden on waivers from Cowboys ,  as @FieldYates reported . Mother of Colts' starting safety ,  Winston Guy Jr. ,  passed away Saturday ,  yet he still plans to play in tonight's Hall of Fame game . Marcus Mariota is out with a hamstring injury.Julio Jones is out with a hip injury.Dalvin Cook is out with a knee injury . Chiefs WR Jeremy Maclin officially active . Will be interesting to see how effective he is . A simple thank you to all those who have served ,  are serving ,  or will serve . We are not what we are without you . Kentucky DE Jeremy Jarmon scheduled to work out for scouts next Thursday @ Kentucky at 10 a.m . He's viewed as mid round supplemental pick . Blows keep coming to Carolina Panthers placed QB Matt Moore  shoulder  and LB Dan Connor  hip  on season ending injured reserve . Bet Plaxico wishes he took the plea deal and the three months behind bars now . No final decision ,  still a pre game warmup for Broncos TE Julius Thomas . But chances of playing are iffy at best at this time . Knee tight . NFL is expected to fine Rex Ryan between 75,000 and 100,000 for using profane language to fans at halftime of last Sunday night's game . Bills' OT Seantrel Henderson's pending substance abuse suspension is related to a treatment he received for his Crohn's disease . Patriots signed Pro Bowl LB Jerod Mayo to a 5 year contract extension today . More on special Saturday edition of NFL Countdown @ 11 am . And here's one reason the Raiders got 31 votes today to move to Las VegasThe relocation fees are pots of gold fo  . Patriots will dedicate the 2011 season to the memory of Myra Kraft ,  who passed away on July 20 after a courageous battle with cancer . Bills WR Sammy Watkins underwent foot surgery about 3 weeks ago ,  expected to miss preseason.Shaq Lawson expected to be out 5 6 months . Browns announced they released LB D'Qwell Jackson . In every NFL season since 1987 ,  at least 1 team has made playoffs despite having a record of .500 or worse through its first 8 games . paintballs . More Earl Campbell finished in New Orleans ,  Tony Dorsett in Denver ,  Shaun Alexander in Washington ,  Marcus Allen in KC . My mom ,  @shirleyschefter ,  gonna be mad she didn't get this gig  . #KnowThemFromAdamCardinals RB David Johnson on his potential return ,  Jaguars CB Jalen Ramsey on his defense . Rams are scheduled to have three second round picks tonight ,  while the Ravens ,  Broncos ,  Patriots and Eagles are scheduled to have two each . way . An in depth look at Texas AM LB Von Miller ,  who will go somewhere in the top 5 picks . If Colin Kaepernick doesn't void deal after this season ,  his contract terms for 2017 are same 14.5 million salary ,  but no guaranteed money . Strained left quad ,  don't know severity . RT @keithprime @AdamSchefter Any news on the Marion Barber injury  ?  RT @RosenbergMike Cannot even describe how awful this story about U M hoops recruit Austin Hatch is . Heartbreaking . Hope is that Josh Gordon gets the help he needs . Hard to imagine him playing for the Browns again . Please check out @Bretontheradio and I chatting a little football and life on KBCO in Boulder ,  Co. ,  at 10 ET ...  According to ESPN Stats and Informations win probability model ,  Denver had a 97.2 percent chance of winning right before Jacoby Jones' TD . Wow All clubs have passed in all rounds of today's 1 pm supplemental draft . Draft now over . Before this year ,  Peyton Manning never had more than 9 Pass TD through 3 games  he has 12  and he never had 1,100 ...  Cameron Wake tore his Achilles . Out for year . Brutal . NFL handed out matching 15,000 fines   one to Raheem Brock for hit on Ben Roethlisberger ,  other to Antonio Garay for hit on Tom Brady . Nice to have the tables turned . Instead of me interviewing Jets CB Darrelle Revis ,  Revis is interviewing me . #Nocomm ...  49ers announced that OLB Ahmad Brooks signed a six year contract extension that ties him to team through 2017.Disenchantment with some in Jets orgn about how conservative GM John Idzik was not more aggressive in off season . Jets still 21.2M under cap . Falcons signed WR Brian Robiskie . Raiders engaged in discussions with former Madison Square Garden president Scott ONeil about becoming president of their organization . Staying in NFC North Vikings reached agreement with former Bears WR Devin Aromashodu on a one year contract . Cleveland is expected to reach agreement with former Redskins' QB Robert Griffin III today ,  per team source . Griffin III to be a Brown . RT @mortreport No appeals hearing today on Von Miller's four game suspension because of complications ,  per sources . As an NFL head coach ,  neither Harbaugh brother has lost coming off a bye week in either regular season or playoffs . John is 6 0 ,  Jim 3 0 1.Johnny Manziel to miss last two Browns' preseason games with elbow soreness ... And so Colin Kaepernick's season ,  and quite possibly 49ers' career ,  is over . RT @Officialbrowns Browns just announced the signing of veteran TE Michael Gaines . RT @MattPomPom 2011 Draft Order  if SEA wins  1CAR ,  2DEN ,  3BUF ,  4CIN ,  5ARI ,  6CLE ,  7SF ,  8TEN ,  9DAL ,  10WAS ,  11HOU ,  12MIN ,  13DET ,  14MIA ,  15STL . To go up four spots in second round ,  Jets gave up their second ,  fifth and seventh round picks . Jets can take their choice of WRs . NFLPA sources tell ABC News' @ryansmithtv that if Tom Brady is suspended for any games ,  they expect to challenge decision in federal court . Eagles name Juan Castillo defensive coordinator and Howard Mudd offensive line coach . Only the New York Post ...  At Giants practice ,  and their receivers are better than people think . But there still is no clearcut 1   yet . Part 1   Giants coach Tom Couglin very vague about whether S Kenny Phillips is out for Sunday or out for season with knee injury . battles . In a letter to Ocho ,  NFL wrote The very appearance of impropriety is not acceptable . Your conduct was unprofessional and unbecoming ... Steelers have told LB LaMarr Woodley they do not intend to sign him to a contract extension right now . Woodley has one year left on deal . Denver plans to give rookie quarterback Tim Tebow his first NFL start Sunday at Oakland in the Black Hole . Falcons HC Dan Quinn said RB Devonta Freeman will not practice today and team is preparing as if he will not play Sunday vs Vikings . Cavs fans might not agree ,  but this is pretty cool . Vikings WR Stefon Diggs ,  listed as questionable  groin ,  ankle  for todays game in London vs Browns ,  is expected to play ,  per league source . Now Panthers' TE Greg Olsen has the ability to increase the value his deal this season to 8.75 million . Former Browns QB Jason Campbell reached agreement on a one year deal with the Bengals . Now reunited with Hue Jackson . A plane is flying to Durham from Denver . Peyton Manning is in Durham . Broncos coming from Denver . Panthers are 9th team in NFL history ,  including 1934 Bears ,  to reach 13 0. Of previous 7 in SB era ,  5 reached Super Bowl and 3 won it all . A photo of the car that Giants rookie S Chad Jones was in ... We can only pray he's OK . Final Four of former KnicksG Iman ShumpertG JR SmithF Trevor ArizaF David LeeC Timofey MozgovBench Pablo Prigioni . Friday Blitz NFL playoffs mean expect the unexpected . Other LBs to get mega deals this summer include Bobby Wagner ,  Lavonte David ,  DeAndre Levy . Luke Kuechly next . Next step in progression RT @carolinagrowl Ron Rivera has named QB Cam Newton the starter for Thursday night but not season opener yet . Friscos . NFL determined injury sustained by RB James Davis occurred in a controlled environment and the Browns did not violate any league policies . RT @mortreport Filed to ESPN NFL will permanently move its game umpires to the offensive backfield ,  starting with this 2010 season . And then there's this ...  Ohio St . QB Cardale Jones' upcoming visits include ,  amongst others ,  the Arizona Cardinals and Buffalo Bills . Falcons WR Julio Jones did not finish Sunday game due to a strained calf that is not considered serious ,  per ...  RT @TomLeyden Joyce was distraught .  Most important call of my  career and I kicked the s t out of it . I cost that kid a perfect game.Of the six quarterbacks that made their first start of the season Sunday ,  Tim Tebow was the only one to emerge a winner .. Vikings have been very clear in their stance they've insisted they're not budging . Dolphins officially placed quarterback Ryan Tannehill on injured reserve . Bengals clinch a playoff berth with a win on Monday Night Football tonight vs.the Broncos . X rays on Jameis Winstons shoulder were negative ,  and he will undergo an MRI on Monday in Tampa . RT @30for30 Missed tonight's airing of Run Ricky Run  ?  Catch it at 11 on E2. Or find the entire series on DVD  . Vikings safety Harrison Smith signed long term extension with Minnesota . Would be a surprise if Redskins announced their starting QB before Sunday . ESPN's Ed Werder now reporting what was expected   Cowboys HC Wade Phillips will return next season . Sounds like the Bills will introduce Chan Gailey as their new head coach later today . Amongst the reasons that Leonard Fournette was deactivated today was he missed Jaguars team photo earlier this week ,  per @FieldYates . RT @RussertXMNBC The Bills don't try  ?   ...  If they want to ,  they can . But why pick up 3.38 million worth of contract for non playoff team . 49ers have signed LB Matt Wilhelm ,  who was scheduled to be a free agent ,  to a one year contract . On ESPN radio in NY ,  Giants owner John Mara said his team had an agreement in place with TE Kevin Boss   until the Raiders stepped in . Former LA great Kareem Abdul Jabbar addressed Seahawks this weekend ,  prior to todays game vs Rams . Pete Carroll digging into LA background . You didn't read Pitino's  ?  RT @sportswatch Coaches should not write books giving businessmen advice on leadership . It is very very annoying . Raiders' RB Latavius Murray wants to play Sunday vs SD ,  but a foot injury makes it doubtful for now that he will be able to ,  per sources . MRI showed Titans WR Kendall Wright has a sprained knee ,  not a torn ACL . Wright is expected to miss the rest of preseason . Washington first round pick Jonathan Allen out for the year ,  per @johnkeim . Sean Payton says New Orleans is where he plans on coaching . Not going anywhere . Situation to monitor tonight some around league believe Denver DE Elvis Dumervil also nursing knee injury in addition to ankle issue . Proof Ravens need receivers only 9 on roster ,  and 5 are undrafted free agents .   . Two well placed NFL sources predicting tonight that the Randy Moss to Minnesota trade will be consummated Wednesday . RT @DmV4Life who u vote for in the revote  ?   ...  Nobody . I'm not a voter . And I'm glad to be left out of this mess ,  frankly . Despite being activated Saturday ,  Bucs RB Charles Sims will not play today vs Browns ,  per league source . Mike James backs up Bobby Rainey . HC Chan Gailey on Fred Jackson He's going to be gone a few weeks . It's not going to be three but I don't think it's going to be eight.Kudos to former NFL chief Paul Tagliabue for Fritz Pollard group naming a national diversity award in his honor . He's won one in a row . RT @Devon2012 As a Jets fan ,  I'd love a win Sunday but Rex has rallied this fanbase more than Mangenious ever could . Triple Crown  !  American Pharoah . American History . Filed to ESPN two sides agreed to new Rookie Pay System . Still i's to dot ,  t's to cross on rookie system ,  but it's not impediment to deal . Cardinals are giving 31 year old RB Chris Johnson a one year deal . Dolphins announced they have hired former Jets GM Mike Tannenbaum as a consultant ,  a job he has been doing for Miami for weeks . RT @TomPelissero NFL announces Vikings DT Kevin Williams has suspended first two games of the season and docked an initial two games pay . Redskins S Brandon Meriweather suspended without pay for two games for repeat violations this season of NFL safety rules ,  NFL announced . Over next two days ,  704 men in the NFL will be pink slipped . Some will return to practice squad . But for many ,  time to move on . RT @musiccharles @AdamSchefter Did the Bills talk to anyone outside the building  ?   ...  They had external candidate list   and went Nix . On day Aldon Smith was suspended for one year ,  NFL lifted suspensions of S LaRon Landry and WR Ace Sanders . Both are free agents . My Larry Johnson landing spot guesses Houston ,  Philadelphia ,  Pittsburgh . And I emphasize   guesses ,  not fact . As @Edwerderespn reports ,  Giants WR Victor Cruz will sign his RFA tender before NY can lower it to 660,000.Panthers resigned S Colin Jones and WR Brenton Bersin ,  per source . Preseason NFL games on ESPNSun ,  Aug 7 ,  HOF game in Canton ,  8 pm GB vs INDY.Sat ,  Aug 13 ,  8 pm Dallas at LA Rams.Not long now ... There aren't . Always a war of attrition . RT @Ks88Fan why are there so many injuries at the beginning of this season compared to others  ?  RGIII ,  exiled in Washington ,  has been voted captain a captain in Cleveland . Reminder for today's Patriots Giants' game Since start of 2008 calendar year ,  Giants are ONLY NFL team the Patriots have NOT beaten . A postcard from Cortland ,  NY and Jets camp ,  where Rex Ryan made another bold prediction .  Terms RT @ProFootballTalk  Philly sends 5th rounder to Denver ,  which sends Scheffler and 7th to Detroit ,  which sends Ernie Sims to Eagles . Texans announced that their DC Wade Phillips has completed the surgery on his kidney and gallbladder. He is in stable condition . As @MikeReiss reports ,  Patriots executive Floyd Reese has an expiring contract and will not return to New England . Patriots announced they released WR Brandon Lloyd . Line of day @stephenasmith just walked into ESPN green room ,  sighed and said ,  Man ,  I need to take a break from Skip ... correct ,  Peter . not in Foxboro ,  not in Jax ,  not anywhere but in bankruptcy court . Titans HC Ken Whisenhunt said Marcus Mariota will not play Sunday vs Atlanta . Zach Mettenberger gets the start . Patriots have already declared starting OT Sebastian Volllmer  leg  out for rest of todays game vs Jets . Framework of Andrew Whitworth deal between Rams and @SportsTrust 3 years ,  36M ,  15M guar ,  including 2.5M guar in Year 2.Texans have decided to introduce their starting defense to the crowd today ,  with J.J . Watt coming last ,  per team official . NRG will be LOUD . Alabamas Trent Richardson has announced that he will enter the NFL draft . He projects as a top 10 pick . Andy Reid said Chiefs' safety Eric Berry is expected to play Saturday in his return from Hodgkin's lymphoma . Despite speculation he wouldnt play ,  Buccaneers WR Vincent Jackson is expected to play today vs . Eagles ,  per sources . RT @AshokaESPN Pretty epic back page from the New York Post today ... #Jets  . Saying that ,  Carroll still is expected to be introduced as the Seahawks next head coach as early as Monday . Lions are scheduling an interview for their HC job with Ravens offensive coordinator Jim Caldwell ,  per league source . With DeShone Kizer starting Sunday ,  the Browns now have switched starting quarterbacks 20 times in the past 43 games . WR Terrelle Pryor visiting Redskins.Jabaal Sheard visiting the Dolphins . Chiefs S Eric Berry carted off practice field today with leg injury . KC holds its breath ... NFL now will have 33 yard extra points ,  inviting teams to try more two point conversions . Marcell Dareus coming off his best game of season for Buffalo . Now Jacksonville D gets stronger . Just replayed the T.O . Show 4 wife   who slept through it last week   and she really enjoyed too . So I'm not losing my mind . I don't think . RT @Ezeaman The Redskins should draft RG3.  ...  Don't think he'll make it to No . 6. Likely would have to trade up to get him . Jets claimed punter Glenn Pakulak on waivers from Saints today . Pakulak averaged 47.7 yards per punt last year . Jets would take that . Translation on Chargers DC Ron Rivera If the two sides can work out a contract ,  he will be the Panthers next head coach . RT @ingram40 Any wurd on @jairusbyrd and if he still in buff  ?   ...  Wouldn't expect to see him for a while . #BillsMafia . 49ers have hired former Lions GM Martin Mayhew as a senior personnel executive . Bengals signed free agent K Mike Nugent ,  a former Ohio State player from Centerville ,  Ohio . RT @adbrandt Marcus McNeill's request to have original tender of 3.168M restored was rejected . 2010 compensation will be 444,000.Chris Berman said on Sunday NFL Countdown that he doesn't expect Chargers RB Ryan Mathews and WR Malcolm Floyd to play today . Kirk Cousins and @RGIII were first pair of rookie QBs with TD passes for same team in same game since 1966 ,  per Elias Sports Bureau . Story on Richie Incognito's VM to Jonathan Martin in April 2013   . Theres a reason Jim Harbaugh was called Captain Comeback . This team needs to come back . But its also ...  RT @NickDeez4 Would Nnamdi come too Green Bay with my boy Woodson recruiting  ?   ...  Don't see it . Can't pay Woodson ,  Williams AND Asomugha . West Virginia QB Geno Smith has decided to remain in New York and will be attending the draft tonight in Radio City Music Hall . Strange as it is for Oct . 8 ,  its Miamis home opener . It is 52 days since Aug . 17 ,  date of Dolphins last home game in preseason week 2.The two teams the Rams discussed a potential Nick Foles trade with before the draft were Buffalo and Dallas ,  which now needs a backup QB . Chargers have agreed to terms with wide receivers Deon Butler and Dan DePalma and cornerback Cornelius Brown . On ESPN radio ,  @FrankCaliendo just said he's close to perfecting his Merrill Hoge impersonation . Just needs a tie knot to cover his face.Darrelle Revis' fine total for his 29 day holdout now up to 479,167. And counting . Super Bowl cold today with more fierce weather on the way ...  Rams have signed CB Danny Gorrer from the New Orleans Saints practice squad and waived WR Tim Carter . Bills Mario Williams 145 press conference will be carried live on ESPN's SportsCenter . Not happening . RT @AlexiG @adamSchefter What about Shaun Rogers to San Diego  ?  Had Peyton Manning come out early he would have been a NY Jet . Instead returned to school ,  became a Colt . 1 decision ,  2 franchises affected . Redskins reached agreement on a one year deal with former Eagles DE Darryl Tapp ,  per league source . This year's AFC Final Four   Broncos ,  Pats ,  Texans ,  Ravens   is same as last year's AFC Final Four ,  first time this has happened ,  via Elias . Chiefs visited this week with former Patriots defensive back Lewis Sanders as Kansas City continues to remake its roster . And the makeover continues Titans fired offensive coordinator Mike Heimerdinger . Wonder what Eagles WR DeSean Jackson thinks of Miles Austin's new six year ,  57 million deal . Cardinals DC Todd Bowles' first HC interview this week will be Wednesday with the NYJ ,  per source . Oakland has to be salivating that Maryland OT Bruce Campbell slipped out of first round and could be there in round 2. #nfldraft . Sides still in discussions on Von Miller suspension ,  and he's still hoping for four games ,  but six sounds more likely now . NFL owners tabled discussions about expanded playoff system until fall meeting Oct . 7 8.RT @Blair1567 It's raining in Seattle . Keeps up and Seahawks could make it a game .  ...  Weather is great equalizer vs . everybody except NE . RT @Yenzilla Weathermen   Less reliable than Brett Favre  !  So Dwight Freeney is out ,  Darrelle Revis is out ,  Dustin Keller is out . And it's early Friday . Don't know quite what to make of this ,  but Mike Greenberg said Bill Cowher is sexy.Big thanks to @steveadler76 @cchandonait @MattRichWarren @bethg40 @busymom4kc @rotoe31 @DaneLopes @RailbirdJ @DeborahHorton @jimmydeanspe . Atlanta terminated the contract of LB Lofa Tatupu . Also turns out that RB Joseph Addai failed his physical before the Patriots released him . The Ins and Outs from Colts owner RT @JimIrsay No A.Col. , C.Ses. , J.Ad. , B.Sand. , j.Pow. , M.Hart ...  Next man up will fight ,  compete thur.night  !  1215.So long to the great Don Zimmer ,  who passed on at age 83. RIP . Toughest out in sports is Lakers at home in Game 5's of a best of 7 series including last night ,  Lakers now 18 0 in those games . More Brad Childress We wish Randy the best as he moves forward in his career. End of statement . Raiders to Vegas 31 1 Miami opposed ,  per source . Cardinals announced they released LB Stewart Bradley and CB William Gay . Packers signed LB Maurice Simpkins from their practice squad and placed S Morgan Burnett on injured reserve . RT @mortreport Filed to ESPN Phialdelphia Eagles have fired defensive coordinator Sean McDermott . Please send C'mon ,  man !  suggestions to @tunasweasel . Looking for head scratching plays ,  not complaints about coaches or teams . Thanks . Denver owns longest road divisional win streak since NFL AFL merger in 1970   15 games going into tonight . Last Div road loss 2010 in OAK . Dang ,  @mortreport ,  @tunaweasel ,  when do I get me one of these  ?  Sunday NFL Countdown now on the air all the way until kickoff of the early games . RT @mortreport NFLPA not backing off full audited financials of teams . NFL's offer providing profitability data not complete enough for PA . No clue where on earth we are ,  but it's on the way to the Lions ,  in Michigan ,  and we just pulled into someplace called the Fieldstone Grill . RT @trojanman4ever Niners season tix holder . Please blow this up ,  GM not enough . Coach Sing out too  !   ...  You'll get your wish . RT @FirstTeamTommy Clearly @tunasweasel is not aware of the power of Schefter Island .  ...  Clearly . RT @nickbest1 Change your mind on Haynesworth being traded yet  ?  Id take him over Suh in Detroit  ...  Nope . Redskins told me ,  No trade there . Says it all  . Further confirmation RT @earldean71 @AdamSchefter def . false . Obama has no power to pardon state crim . conviction . only federal crimes . RT @JonJudd any news on the situation with nick collins  ?   ...  NFL official said today ,  We are continuing to review all the facts.49ers committed 16 mil in 2011 to Akers ,  Rogers ,  Goodwin ,  Whitner ,  Edwards ,  Williams . Raiders committed 16 mil in 2011 to Michael Huff . Browns now scheduling second interview with Bills DC Mike Pettine ,  and are considering Seahawks DC Dan Quinn as well as other candidates.Cardinals also signed QB Drew Stanton and CB Jerraud Powers . Bills announced they signed free agent DB Jim Leonhard to the 53 man roster . As @FieldYates points out ... Sunday night ,  Monday night ,  Thursday night a TD on final play to win each game . Bring on this weekend . This week NFL fined Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch 50,000   50,000 !    for not speaking to media throughout this season ,  per Seattle source . Every Colts ,  Broncos and NFL fan needs to watch this ...  RT @teciat76 @adamschefter this is brilliant  !  More details on the deadly six car crash in New Jersey that has left Tracy Morgan in critical condition  . Former Bears' RB Jeremy Langford signed with Baltimore's practice squad ,  per source . Texans RB Arian Foster has a bulging disc in back that is expected to require surgery . Three doctors recommending surgery . Question is when . RT @VictorCardenas Watching Longest Yard   if you blink at right time ,  3 times you'll miss @AdamSchefter and @SIPeterKing  ...  Academy did . Sun shining and it's hot   and Mike Tomlin wearing black hat ,  black pants and long sleeve black shirt . After seven games ,  28 quarter and 74 offensive possessions without an offensive TD ,  the Browns have scored 20 points . Break up the Browns  !  Need a good dinner suggestion for Montgomery ,  Ala. ,  tonight ,  somewhere just off I 85 South   and please ,  no more Cracker Barrel . Rams' initial plan to is to play No . 2 overall pick ,  former Auburn left tackle Greg Robinson ,  at left guard . Left tackle one day . And that was where it started ,  with Rhodes' tweet ,  then Rodney's response . Just another normal Wednesday . Randy Moss on waivers today . Shawne Merriman on waivers today . And some teams staring at some bold decisions . Swine flu has spread through East Coast sleepaway camps . Half of my nephew's bunk already sent home . Story here for media . Please ...  RT @SIPeterKing 1 800 HELP NOW  ...  1 800 435 7669  ...  Or text redcross to 90999 to make a 10 donation  ...  #SandyHelp . Rams RB Steven Jackson on DE Robert Quinn Who Im looking forward to watching this year is Robert Quinn . I think he  . Packers QB Aaron Rodgers calf muscle has a slight tear in it in addition to be significantly strained ,  per ...  RT @JustinCasias  Is Bill Cowher not coming back to the NFL this season  ?   ...  Not this season . But I'm told to fully expect him in 2012.So instead of throwing to Josh Gordon and Greg Little ,  Browns QB Johnny Manziel will be throwing to Miles Austin and Earl Bennett . 49ers gave former Ravens' OLB Elvis Dumervil a two year deal ,  per source.Dumervil and 49ers GM John Lynch were teammates in Denver . And @Mortreport says the Vikings are asking a second round pick for Jared Allen but would consider a conditional third round pick . With his 5 year ,  125 million extension on top of one year he had left ,  Derek Carr is now tied to the Raiders for the next six seasons . And Ed Werder is reporting the Packers have signed QB Seneca Wallace to back up Aaron Rodgers . Irv Cross ,  now a chairman of a Big Brothers Orgn ,  now being presented the Pete Rozelle Radio TV Award . He's still got the great pipes . Raiders QB Derek Carr expected to undergo surgery on fractured fibula Tuesday in Los Angeles ,  per source . Recovery timetable is 6 8 weeks . ALS affects any race ,  gender or profession . NFL Players & Coaches stand together to find a cure . 49ers bringing back their late season standout ,  reaching agreement with RB Shaun Draughn on a 1 year deal ,  per @seanstellato . Lions have signed TE Tim Wright and waived TE Brandon Barnes . Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger will not attend start of Pittsburgh's off season conditioning program Monday . Teams finalizing deal ,  but Chicago and New England are expected to swap mid to late round picks in exchange for Martellus Bennett . So it looks like TJ Yates vs . Charlie Whitehurst for AFC South lead ,  and Brock Osweiler vs . AJ McCarron for a potential first round bye . Browns C Alex Mack is voiding the 3 years remaining on his contract and is set to become a free agent ,  per source . One more free agent OL . Reported Monday that DeMarcus Ware not expected to play tonight and I haven't heard anything different . Big surprise if he plays vs . Saints . Found this video chilling on many levels . Imagine these choices . RT @espnnfcnblog Video released of Lewand arrest    . RIP ,  Whitney Houston . Was there ever a more memorable performance of the National Anthem  ?  At this time next week  . An FYI . RT @NFLprguy 911 game worn jerseys ,  hats ,  etc ,  auctioned off on nfl.comauction . Benefits Tuesday's Children & MyGoodDeed . Broncos Von Miller was fined 21,000 for his hit on Cam Newton . Lucrative off season for top NFL TEs . Big extensions now given to Delanie Walker ,  Jordan Reed ,  Travis Kelce ,  Zach Ertz ,  Brent Celek . Scary Just realized that in one month I've now annoyed you with over 1.000 tweets . Hey ,  they don't call me Little Mr . No Life for nothing . Uh oh Mort reporting Ralph WIlson summoned HC Dick Jauron ,  GM Russ Brandon ,  and two asst . coaches to owner's home in Detroit for a meeting . Prayers coming in from all players and people RT @kirkmorrison52 My prayers go out to the Bengals Chris Henry who is fighting for his life . first . Rough day in Washington RB Tim Hightower has a torn ACL ,  WR Santana Moss underwent hand surgery that will sideline him about a month . Love this idea . RT @JDBurklow Saints having an online lottery to benefit the Gulf Coast . 2 tickets . Winner gets a Super Bowl ring . Roger Goodell will be active and engaged participant in Monday meeting with Jonathan Vilma and Tuesday meeting with other suspended players . off . Dolphins owner Stephen Ross donating 500,000 to support Hurricane Sandy recovery efforts . Philadelphia has emerged as leading candidate to host 2017 NFL Draft ,  per sources . NFL considering Philly ,  LA   neither has a 1 next year . Congratulations to me  !  Got the cold my kids had . Yes  !  So ,  do we recommend Dayquil ,  Contact or what to kick this thing  ?  John F . Kennedy would have been 100 years old today ...  I'm expecting a very big day . RT @PackerPapaPete @AdamSchefter Rodgers gonna have a big day today ,  agree  ?  A short time ago ,  Lions TE Eric Ebron was carted off the practice field with what appeared to be a right lower leg injury . Which RB's success in week one was most surprising to you @StevanRidley ,  @AdrianPeterson ,  @CJSpiller ,  or @TreyDeuces  Alfred Morris  ? RT @vlork Explain to us how the tenders work  ...  Tenders give teams seven days to match offer sheets ,  or receive compensation in return . New York Times actually wrote an Op Ed piece today on Tim Tebow ,  calling him The Mile High Messiah. Buccaneers reached agreement with DeSean Jackson on a three year ,  35 million contract that includes 20 million guaranteed ,  per sources . Attention Steelers fans   a DVR alert . Today's noon Sportscenter is running the Hines Ward interview from yesterday . Bears free agent QB Josh McCown is scheduled to visit ,  in order ,  Tampa ,  Houston and then the New York Jets ,  per league source . Good month for Eagles Michael Vick named NFC offensive player of month for Sept. ,  Nate Allen named NFL defensive rookie of month for Sept . Jim Harbaugh announces homecoming queen during high school recruiting visit ...    . RT @AlvinKeels The Jets have decided to place the 2nd rounder tender on client Leon Washington . With Billy Cundiff hurt ,  Browns signed former Saints K Garrett Hartley . Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger ,  who will have an MRI on his ankle today ,  was spotted leaving the stadium last night in a walking boot . Urge FDA to Say YES to Accelerated Approval for safe ,  effective therapies for children with Duchenne @TheRacetoYes  . For Bryce Brown ,  Eagles are getting back a conditional 4th round pick in 2015 that can be a 3rd in 2016 ,  per source . Giants S Stevie Brown tore his ACL ,  per league source . Seattle making 11th hour push to trade for Vikings Pro Bowl DE Jared Allen ,  per multiple sources . Vikings also talking to second team . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Packers WR James Jones sprained his PCL vs . Ravens but might be able to play Sunday vs . Clev . Team will make decision later this week . NFL suspended Colts' pass rusher Robert Mathis four games for violating policy on performance enhancing substances . Former Patriots LB Jabaal Sheard is signing with the Colts ,  per @FieldYates and me . field . Laremy Tunsil already lobbying Dolphins to play some TE .  Well worry about the o line part first and then well move out ,  Adam Gsse said . Bears traded a 4th round pick ,  and 11th overall ,  to TB to move up to No . 9.Unsettling time for Rams DE Robert Quinn  . NFL penalizes Atlanta Falcons for violating off season contact rules . How much  ?  !  ?  !   RT @TheRedzoneorg Cardinals G Lutui weighs in at 396 pounds  . Potential destinations Randy Moss   St . Louis ,  Oakland ,  Tennessee . Shawne Merriman   SF ,  Miami ,  Baltimore . But we'll see after 4 pm ET . Jason Witten needs two receptions tonight to join Tony Gonzalez as the only tight ends in NFL history with at least 1,000 catches . Rams RB Steven Jackson expected to start ,  as is St . Louis QB Keith Null . Insiders discuss PHI NYG matchup ,  Tom Savage ,  fines around the league and play A Quarterback Carol ...  Patriots announced that almost 1,200 Aaron Hernandez jerseys have been exchanged at their pro shop today as of about 5 pm . Buccaneers' starting RB tonight expected to be Peyton Barber ,  per league source . Spot on . RT @dpbrugler While T . Richardson is class of RB class ,  don't underestimate NFL impact D . Martin & D . Wilson can make as rookies . Carson Wentz has 17 touchdown passes this season   the most TD passes through seven games in Eagles history . Take that ,  @jawsespn  !  RT @mortreport Seahawks & Pete Carroll collectively fined over 300,000 by NFL for violation of off season non contact rules ,  per sources . RT @cstephens8 What about Steve Smith  NYG  ,  he coming back sunday  ?   ...  Expected to in a limited role . Enjoy the game tonight ,  everybody . Lions gave contract extension to LB DeAndre Levy ,  as @RapSheet reported . Am told it's a 4 year extension ,  a popular length these days . Onwards ...  RT @schadjoe Source close to Gruden says zero chance of Miami . UM source says talks exploratory and search continues . Hard to argue this point . RT @JWspeaks Just charge me less for preaseason . They already charge more for post season . Seems logical . Giants joined Jets and Ravens today ,  announcing they will not hold training camp away this year and instead will remain home . Chargers receiver Jeremy Butler is signing a one year deal today with the Bills ,  per source . After Ian Williams could not pass physical ,  he and 49ers redid their 5 year ,  27.5M contract and created a 1 year deal worth up to 6M .  on NY . RT @darrenrovell1 Madison Square Garden  MSG  stock is flying on LeBron speculation ,  up 3% in last 35 minutes alone ,  5% on the day . Cardinals DT Robert Nkemdiche inactive today due to calf injury.Jaguars RB TJ Yeldon out today with hamstring injury . Former Bucs S Mark Barron is now a St . Louis Ram . Insiders discuss the firing of Gus Bradley ,  the Cowboys' big win over the Bucs and Josh Norman vs Panthers on ...  Dolphins have officially acquired TE Julius Thomas from the Jaguars . Last time a guard went in top 10 was 1997 ,  when Chris Naeole went to Saints at 10. A guard WILL go in top 10 tonight . Book it . RT @RachelNichols Rex on Brady saying he hates Jets Hey ,  join the club . Hell ,  he knows we hate the Patriots ,  so whats the difference ? RT @FieldYates The Patriots have signed free agent OT Will Svitek ,  according to a league source . More Eagles injuries RT @movingthechains Celek has an AC joint ,  partial separation . Peters restrained quad . Patriots QB Tom Brady named the Comeback Player of the Year . Chicago traded up to 2.Misdemeanor assault charges against Raiders lLB Rolando McClain in Alabama have been dropped . Now no jail time nor suspension for McClain . Joe Flacco and Ravens agreed to a six year contract in excess of 120 million that makes him the highest paid player in NFL history . Omaha's 12th round pick Wednesday   The UFL's Mr . Irrelevant   turned out to be former BroncosTexans S and good guy Nick Ferguson . Raiders released DE Andre Carter ,  LB Omar Gaither ,  CB Joselio Hansen and T Tony Hills . My must stop on any Ann Arbor visit . Saints RB Darren Sproles is inactive . Jerry Jones decision between Wade Phillips and Norv Turner ,  and the NFL's new way to determine Pro Bowl coaches  . Minnesota reached agreement to re sign its defensive tackle Jimmy Kennedy to a two year deal with a maximum value of 6 million . RT @SweetHostility Joe Webb statline this weekend  ?   ...  Think the Eagles defensive statline will be far more impressive . Another reason why there might not be football in 2011  good morning   . Eagles released QB Tim Tebow ,  per source . Giants put RB Andre Brown on injured reserve   designated to return . Dolphins owner Stephen M . Ross will give 200 million to Univ . of Michigan to help business school and athletic campus . A far better line than mine . RT @djstarion @AdamSchefter Dolphin Stadium has had more names than Rex Ryan's daily calorie intake . So now Cowboys have lost DE Anthony Spencer for up to a month and DE Tyrone Crawford for season . This was inevitable Tulane has contacted Packers OC Joe Philbin ,  but it sounds like he might wait for a potential NFL HC interview . Eli Manning Coach McAdoo told me I could continue to start while Geno and Davis are given an opportunity to ...  RT @RichCimini Jets Tony Richardson still has locker in Jets Lroom . Ready and waiting for his return . Steelers announced they have reinstated running back Rashard Mendenhall from the teams ReservedSuspended List . RT @ProFootballTalk We're reporting only two teams claimed Trent Edwards The Jets and Jaguars .  Buffalo's next 2 opponents. RT @SonofConway Anyone go Eugene Robinson or Barrett Robbins tonight  ?   ...   Still early . Let's hope not . While no one knows when Jay Cutler will return from his fractured thumb ,  the Bears QB is not expected to play again during regular season . Heard Gil Godfather Brandt predict on Sirius ,  adamantly ,  that Tim Tebow is a guarnteed Top 10 ,  if not Top 5 ,  pick . If he says it ,  book it . Eagles' CEO Jeffrey Lurie We appreciate all the contributions that Chip Kelly made and wish him every success going forward.If you agree ,  please write @nflcommish to suggest auctioning off some pick announcements and name cards in next year's draft for charity . Garth Brooks has gone Brett Favre  . More deals  !  Chicago Tribune reporting that Bears traded TE Greg Olsen to Panthers for a player to be named later and a draft pick . Green Bay and New England ranked 32nd and 31st in NFL in D last season . So far ,  Packers and Pats have drafted nine players   all on defense . As expected ,  Daunte Culpepper now has gone ,  officially ,  from the NFL Detroit Lions to the USFL's Sacramento Mountain Lions . Seahawks' DL Michael Bennett hosting benefit for Charleena Lyles ,  victim of police shooting ...  Friday 10 Spot on Saturday the meaning of landing Peyton Manning ...  Tyrod Taylor is due a 6 million roster bonus on the third day of league year ,  and a 10 million base salary   can  . Le'Veon Bell's agent Adisa Bakari said he and client never had any agreement with Steelers . All stories to contrary are false ,  he said . Why this will happen . RT @JennyVrentas What some of the NFL's best known owners had to say about a NJNY Super Bowl  . In season of Spygate ,  Pats ripped through regular season ,  went unbeaten till SB . In season of Deflategate ,  Pats will play us vs . world again . Think Saints are NFC South favorites . Crushed it this off season ...  RT @jemelehill Anyone wanna explain Pete Rose's Opening Day attire  ?  Chandler Jones and Robert Nkemdiche now on same D line in Arizona . Johnny Manziel will return as starting QB for the Cleveland Browns after two game benching for off field missteps ,  sources told @mortreport . Could Texas A & M beat any NFL teams  ?  Filed to ESPN @justinbieber RTd @ErinAndrews today . Mike Golic must be insanely jealous . #imlosingmymindwithoutfootball . Through one half ,  we have the makings of Upset Sunday . Detroit ,  Cincy ,  Houston ,  St . Louis   all have a chance . HS & youth FB programs @USAFootball awarding 1 million in equipment grants 2 benefit young players . Apply by 531  . Broncos announced they re signed K Brandon McManus and waived wide receiver Isaiah Burse, . And now the 49ers have released LB NaVorro Bowman . 49ers called press conference for this afternoon . Harbaugh to be introduced . Suspense over . In exchange for RB Delone Carter ,  Colts got back WRKR David Reed . Mark Sanchez's magic number is 1   1 good game tonight and he puts away the Jets starting quarterback job . RT @FauxJohnMadden @AdamSchefter Moral of the story .. Late hits are fine as long as you commit them without wearing a sombrero . In less than 15 months ,  the NFL has seen three franchises moveRams to LA.Chargers to LA.And now the Raiders to Las Vegas . Univ of Michigan AD Dave Brandon I personally believe Jim Harbaugh is headed to the NFL.  ...  Me ,  too . Jonathan Vilma told WVUE TV that he will come off the physically unable to perform list on Tuesday and play Sunday vs . Tampa Bay . League will fine ,  but not suspend ,  Jets players involved in Thursday night's fracas with the Patriots . Some hope floats And now the owners are meeting amongst themselves ,  discussing the next steps . Impressive guy RT @MikeReiss Patriots punter Zoltan Mesko a rookie again while interning at private equity firm . Rans list RB Steven Jackson as questionable ,  Chargers list TE Antonio Gates as probable . WRs placed on PUP today include Jacksonville's Justin Blackmon and New Orleans' Marques Colston . Ding ,  ding ,  ding  as long as @mortreport is good with it  RT @mrgibb Forget LOST  !  You have Tipped Off  !  And every time I tweet ,  For practice ,  it's hard not to think of Allen Iverson . Eagles' DE Brandon Graham left practice today with a strained tricep ,  per source . Injury not considered serious at this time . RT @dandalyonsports Tebow detractors should remember how historically bad Terry Bradshaw was early 6 TDs ,  24 INTs ,  30.4 rating as a rookie . Texans strike deal with No . 1 overall pick Jadeveon Clowney ,  per @McClainonNFL . As @NFLSTROUD reported ,  former Buccaneers HC Raheem Morris has agreed to join the Redskins coaching staff . Will work with DBs . Vikings claim Redskins RB Mack Brown on waivers ,  per source . And @Edwerderespn reports QB Vince Young impressed the Packers ,  is expected to sign with them . Bears claimed former Browns defensive back DeAngelo Smith on waivers and also released defensive back Trumaine McBride.Austin Jackson just made the catch of the year to preserve the perfect game . Lions plan to sign former Raiders and Jets WR Chaz Schillens . Bucs' GM Doug Martin not guaranteed to keep starting job when he returns ...  Now the NFL is cracking back   Vikings QB Brett Favre fined 10K for hit on Texans DB Eugene Wilson . Here's what Ezekiel Elliott's father told @MerrillLiz last year for ESPN The MagazineMy biggest worry is ...  Ravens hired Jim Zorn as QB coach . Not concerned about talk there   I still think Cundiff . RT @MJM329 @AdamSchefter  Talk here has been Nugent . Business is booming ...  Bucs LB Kwon Alexander out Sunday vs Giants LB Lavonte David and S TJ Ward doubtful . Tom Brady will play today   but those ribs ,  and that finger ,  and that shoulder ,  and that knee ,  are a little worse than people realize . Twitterverse Glad to see I'm not only one who got one of those icy glares when he started tweeting in traffic . See I have plenty of company . Attention ,  Dallas Chargers have won 15 consecutive December games dating back to 2006 ,  the longest streak in NFL history . Just completed chat on ESPN.com . Packers were a popular topic this week . Out two to three weeks with knee surgery . RT @beaudennis @AdamSchefter how long before James Casey rookie TE come back for the texans  ?  Big day for Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie ,  and it has nothing to do with combine . His documentary ,  Inside Job ,  was nominated for an Oscar . Meaningless fun fact of the day courtesy of Neil Everett on Sportscenter Racecar spelled backwards is Racecar . #coolwordtricks . Friday 10 Spot How this year's Bears D compares to the great '85 Bears D ...  RT @adiltz13 is that the same medlock the chiefs drafted over mason crosby  ?   ...  Sure is . And the kicker that tore it up in the CFL . day . Packers Pro Bowl S Nick Collins underwent neck surgery Thurs in NYC . Prognosis good but could take 6 months to determine if he'll play again . Saints still havent released RB Darren Sproles and now plan to trade him due to heavy interest ,  per ESPN source . Not being released ,  though . For the record ,  ESPN did not book my dreadful digs . I did . Speaks to the style that I travel in . Jacuzzis ,  substances ,  stenches   superb  !  RT @espnafcsouth Crumpler ,  another Titan leader ,  departs    . RT @ryanajones It's easy to boycott something they aren't invited to .  ...  Easier to boycott something in which questions aren't allowed . Complicating Colts' QB situation ,  Matthew Hasselbeck was spotted leaving stadium on Sunday night with his left arm in a sling . Status shaky . Bears signed CB Tim Jennings to a two year contract and released FB Jason McKie . Browns second meeting with Bills DC Mike Pettine is scheduled for this evening . Pretty good ...  RT @prosb4hos I got the name for Stokley play today the immaculate deflection . Filed to ESPN Broncos tendered Pro Bowl LB Elvis Dumervil at a first  and third round level . The tender carries a 3.168 million pricetag . Good move for a great guy The Patriots will be honoring Tedy Bruschi at halftime of Monday nights game with the New York Jets . Jay Gruden said that Colt McCoy will continue to start until Robert Griffin III is 100 percent ,  but that Robert is very ,  very ,  very close.Whoa ... who cares about Brett Favre  ?  ...     Roethlisberger denies civil allegations of sexual assault  . The details on MJD ...  RT @espnnfl Jaguars shut down Maurice Jones Drew for rest of preseason  . Patriots began pursuing Rams free agent WR Danny Amendola during the three day negotiating window last weekend . Lions WR Calvin Johnson officially inactive . First Friday 10 Spot of the season 5 teams that didn't make playoffs last season that could go this season . For those who missed it Eagles will not use franchise tag on QB Sam Bradford and they are expected to inquire about adding QB Nick Foles . Official statement from Vikings on release of RB Adrian Peterson  . Packers have signed HC Mike McCarthy to a new multi year contract . Appeal for 1 year suspension of Seahawks CB Brandon Browner denied today ,  per sources . NFL career in question with reinstatement conditional . Washington WR Jamison Crowder officially active . Texans said RB Arian Foster  knee  and OLB Brooks Reed  hip  left practice early today as a precaution ,  but they're fine for Sunday . What does he have to talk about  ?  RT @packers Mike McCarthy's press conference starts in 15 25 minutes . Tune in live  . Opening kick . Savage's title with the Eagles will be Player Personnel Consultant . Broncos calling WR Emmanuel Sanders a 50 50 ,  game time decision to play today vs KC due to his ankle injury ,  per source . Hook 'em Horns . RT @EHold so will the titans go for the trifecta and draft Colt McCoy now  ?  U would think 1 of those guys would be good  ?  !  If Chargers HC Norv Turner can convince Dave Wannstedt to succeed Ron Rivera ,  the former Cowboys coordinators would be reunited in SD . Al Pacino will play Joe Paterno in upcoming movie . Thoughts  ?  And now there is Cleveland ... RT @caplannfl Buccaneers announced Waived S Ahmad Black . Released WR Kevin Ogletree . House cleaning begins . Any team looking for a DE   and plenty are   can inquire with the Philadelphia Eagles . 49ers lost 4 good players to retirement . Upside it created 25 million of salary cap room over next year ,  and 40 million of room in 2017.Roger Goodell said NFL is exploring the idea of expanding the playoffs from 12 to 14 or 16 teams . Good idea  ?  Buffalo is trading QB Cardale Jones to LA Chargers for a late round pick . Chargers get a new potential backup QB . Former Jets WR Jericho Cotchery will agree to terms today on a one year contract with the Pittsburgh Steelers . More at ESPN.com . Dolphins announced OT Mickey Baucus ,  who signed with Miami as undrafted free agent in May after starting at Arizona ,  is retiring from NFL . Jacksonville has no plans to trade its pick . Jaguars want their player too much . Look for pick to be a DB . Rams will trade No . 2 pick . Only question is where . Chargers once got two 1s ,  a 3 and a 5 for Eli Manning . Rams likely to get similar deal . See ,  fighting doesn't pay . Corey Webster and Santana Moss each were fined 5,000 for hitting each other last week . Question of the day Would Brad Childress bench Brett Favre due to injury or due to performance  ?  It is a question yet to be answered . NFL execs believe one reason Eagles traded McNabb to Redskins was so Washington could not acquire Oklahoma QB Sam Bradford . More @ espn.com . Cardinals QB Carson Palmer ruled out with left arm injury . RT @DonteWhitner I think we should get Troy Smith to be our Qb ,  please  !  49ers DT Ian Williams has undergone more than one ankle surgery that has left his status for the season opener in question ,  per sources . Vikings cut CB Chris Carr and QB Sage Rosenfels . And the numbers on Richard Marshall are in Marshall will sign a three year ,  16 million deal ,  including 6 million guaranteed . Eagles are signing former Bills and Jaguars quarterback Trent Edwards to a one year deal . Now Chris Carson . As @CollinsworthPFF said ,  tough day for rookie RBs ... Sebastian Janikowski will kick for the Raiders tonight . Darren McFadden did not make trip to San Diego and will not play . Bills C Eric Wood weighs in ...  RT @EWood70 Great team win  !  Sorry about all your survivor pools out there .  . Hope people in Tennessee are safe . RT @EastTNVol @AdamSchefter Cumberland River has flooded into LP Field .  In regards to the Anthem controversy ,  NFL spokesman Joe Lockhart said ,  there is no league wide directive how to  handle  this.And get ready ,  Chicago Julius Peppers is next . Before Joseph Addai signed with the Patriots ,  the other team that expressed interest in him was the Philadelphia Eagles . The fact that @ChrisJohnson28 and @puyi1028 can feel the way they do illustrates how strong and different people's feelings on this are . Michigan's loss is UCLA's gain ...  Some Friday football thoughts How does Philly let BDawk leave  ?  ARod is really good . Giants in trouble . And now Dallas heads to Dec   uh oh . Cardinals WR John Brown and RB Adrian Peterson are out Sunday vs . Titans . So Redskins asked for and were denied permission to interview Bills DC Jim Schwartz and 49ers DC Vic Fangio . Ed Donatell ,  Joe Barry in play . Oklahoma QB Sam Bradford has pushed back his Pro Day at Oklahoma to Monday ,  March 29 from Thursday March 25 ,  according to NFL GMs . Baylor WR KD Cannon tweeted he will forgo his senior year and enter 2017 NFL Draft . Jarvis Britton of Birmingham ,  Ala. ,  was sentenced to one year in prison after threatening President Obama on Twitter . Alabama CB Dee Milliner has undergone five surgeries ,  some not as major as others . Milliners surgeries right ...  As @LateRoundQB and @numberFire wrote ,  Bill Belichick could go 0 16 for 41 consecutive seasons and still have better win % than Gus Bradley . One name to watch as NFL draft approaches Raiders TE Mychal Rivera . He's expected to be available in a trade . Eagles denied Jets permission to interview their QB coach John DeFilippo for offensive coordinator job ,  per league source . Sounds like anyone waiting for Cincinnati to pick its new WR tonight   A . Bryant ,  T.O . or B . Marshall   can resume the hunt Wednesday . Here's going to be a new Twitterer with late breaking NFL info . Worth following . @NFLRumorCentral . With B.J . Raji signed ,  here's order of picks to sign next 1  Eugene Monroe 2  Aaron Maybin 3  Toss up bw Michael Crabtree and Andre Smith . Touch ,  Timmy  !  How's this for #tbt ,  @tthasselbeck  ?  #nofilter  . Told this is very likely true. RT @dkaplanSBJ Owners will vote on global deal today and hand it off to players to say sign or don't sign . One source this am on Patriots' TE Rob Gronkowski's availability for tonight's game It looks good. Scott Chandler also expected to play . Michael Irvin believes his former OC and Minnesota's OC ,  Norv Turner ,  will turn WR Laquan Treadwell into Vikings' version of Michael Irvin . A national holiday in New England Thomas Edward Brady ,  Jr . turns 40 today . No . 2   I've spent nearly 15 years with the guy and he's had plenty of opportunities to fire me before now . In fact ,  he's been my ... Former Texans DE Antonio Smith just signed a 2 year ,  9M deal with the Raiders . Keep getting questions on when NFL schedule will be released . Still don't know . But my guess would be later this week . Former 49ers guard Alex Boone is signing with the MinnesotaVikings ,  per source . There is less optimism today than there was earlier this week that Rob Gronkowski will play Sunday vs . New Orleans . Still not cleared by Dr . Bradford ,  McCoy ,  Williams   OU three of the first four . #nfldraft . RT @OGOchoCinco If I'm able to score week 1 in New England i will be taking the minute men rifle and firing as they do when the PATS score . Congratulations ,  @SIPeterKing . You've got a better basketball team ,  but still think we've got the better student newspaper . Vikings RB Adrian Peterson downgraded to out for Sunday's game vs . Lions . What pushed New Orleans to trade Adrian Peterson to Arizona is the team's feeling about RB Alvin Kamara . Former President George H . W . Bush and former First Lady Barbara Bush will conduct opening coin toss for Super Bowl LI . MNF with Colts and Chargers will not be blacked out in San Diego as the game has sold out . Adrian Peterson has reached the 100 yard mark in three consecutive games on Kickoff Weekend . Then again ,  he does most weekends  !  With season now here ,  here are printable NFL schedules in PDF format . ESPN's Dr . Mark Adickes expects Cowboys QB Tony Romo to undergo surgery on his fractured clavicle and be sidelined about 8 weeks ,  fwiw . Richard Seymour traded to Oakland for Raiders 2011 first round pick . RT @opie045 Think peyton will remain a colt or can someone lure him away  ?   ...  As much chance of Peyton leaving as there is I'll start at QB . RT @Rizzmiggizz I'd like to speak for all white people ,  and say you don't answer our questions either .  ...  At least that's cleared up . Rams RB Steven Jackson is officially active ,  as are Saints RB Reggie Bush and Redskins DT Albert Haynesworth . it  ?  Roger Goodell told CNBC on a decision on Tom Bradys appeal of his four game suspension is coming soon ,  possibly as early as next week . Packers traded a conditional late round draft pick to Chiefs for RB Knile Davis ,  per source . RT @AverageJ0 Just realized ,  @AdamSchefter shares a remarkable resemblence to Paul Rudd  ...  Better or worse than Jim Rome  ?  #rackem . Relationship between Michael Vick and Kevin Kolb . It's official . Release from DA in Napa says no charges versus Tom Cable . Just as Raiders and NFL expected all along . Former Redskins HC Mike Shanahan interviewed with Raiders ,  as @NBCdianna reported .  Met with Raiders owner Mark Davis and team officials . Giants WR Steve Smith ,  said to be week to week ,  is expected to be sidelined into early December with torn pectoral muscle . Eagles RB Darren Sproles inactive . ESPN's video tribute to Chris Mortensen ,  produced by @DomGoodridge . Let's try again To follow this summer's Training Camp Bus Tours   stories ,  videos ,  schedules   please click here  . Happy to report that Nebraska DT and the likely No . 1 pick ,  Ndamukong Suh ,  seems as nice as he is talented . Antonio Gates needs 29 receiving yards to break Hall of Famer Lance Alworths Chargers' franchise record for most career receiving yards . Bills said DE Mario Williams underwent wrist surgery ,  though he might not miss any games because of it . How was Terrell Suggs really hurt  ?  There are differing accounts. Hope you have a better day than John Edwards . RT @SportsCenter Jaguars sign Pro Bowl TE @MarcedesLewis89 to 5 year contract worth just under 35 million . Eagles CB Ronald Darby was on the Uber ride with Bucs QB Jameis Winston on March 13 ,  2016 ,  and is vowing his colleg  . Odd how Bucs were interested in hiring Chan Gailey as OC in Jan. ,  Chiefs interested in hiring Greg Olson ,  and now Olson Bucs OC ,  Gailey out . Last NFL postseason without at least one Pennsylvania team was 1999 ...  . NFL Power Rankings from ESPN with Broncos and Chiefs on top  . Chargers surrendered a 7th round pick for WR Patrick Crayton . Redskins announced today that they have hired Ike Hilliard as the teams wide receivers coach . With offensive coordinator Jeremy Bates off to join Pete Carroll in Seattle ,  Bears' options include Mike Martz ,  Jedd Fisch ,  Bill Musgrave . Another intelligent viewpoint . RT @MikeReiss More from Merril Hoge on Randy Moss . Uh oh . RT @giantspathanlon NYG Prez John Mara tells NY Times he is frustrated by lack of progress in labor talks  . Patriots clinched their 17th consecutive season with a winning record ,  the longest streak since 1970 ,  surpassing th  . RT @HansCloherty glad to hear schefty is on the Doug Martin band wagon .  ...  Me and @jimcramer riding shotgun . Here's what Gus Tinucci cooking today for Zygi Wilf pasta alfredo with veggies ,  turkey and roast beef sandwiches  but no pork  fruit tray . Statement from Josh GordonAfter careful thought and deep consideration I've decided that I need to step away ...  RT @bhofheimerespn In add to DonMeredith tribute ,  Frank Gifford will talk to Mike Tirico during MNF halftime  ...  Benched again ,  @mortreport . Colts WR Austin Collie inactive . Making a difference ,  on and off the field . More on Jay Cutler landing in Miami while chances increase for Ryan Tannehill's season ending knee surgery ...  Derek Carr has been sacked 64 career times in 40 NFL games ,  still fewer than brother David in his rookie year  sacked NFL record 76 times .Washington spending again  just not the way people thought . Redskins signed former Chiefs tight end Sean Ryan to a one year contract . man . Special teams coordinator John Fassel will be the Rams interim HC ,  per sources . Of all the NFL training camps ,  none is any nicer than the Steelers' at St . Vincent College in Latrobe ,  Pa . It's the ideal camp site . Chip Kelly had 2 years ,  12.4M left on contract . Jeffrey Lurie can only hope Tennessee or another team hires Kelly . Would save him millions . Eli Manning on last play of game Obviously I think its a little bit of a cheap shot . Were taking a knee ,  were in   . This is for Earnest Byner ,  Craig Ehlo and every Cleveland fan under the age of 52 that doesn't know what a championship feels like . Enjoy . Twitter is something else ...  Bruce Arians said Carson Palmer will not travel to SF Drew Stanton starts Thursday night vs SF . Bears have agreed to terms with S Brandon Meriweather on a one year contract . What do you think South Dakota has against Jeremy Lin  ?  NFL overtime expected to be reduced today to 10 minutes from 15 minutes . It's happening ,  said one league official . Steelers signed free agent RB Isaiah Pead to take Le'Veon Bell's roster spot . NFL announced Rams LB Jo Lonn Dunbar has been suspended first four games for violating the NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . TE Randy McMichael starts for inactive Antonio Gates ,  WR Vincent Jackson starts for inactive Legedu Naanee . Falcons uncertain whether Julio Jones ,  who did not practice today ,  will play Thursday night due to hamstring injury ,  per league source . to all those that asked . RT @sdutChargers It's official . Antonio Gates won't go . Unless something unexpected comes out of blue in last hour ,  CLEV is not trading WR Josh Gordon . Keeping him . 2nd in NFL in ave per catch . Jim Harbaugh's opening statement today to reporters  WR  A.J . Jenkins was an outstanding football player when he got  . Explanation in N.O . RT @ericrmusic @AdamSchefter Saints had to address it because their current kicker is being suspended for 4 games . RT @mortreport After meeting w Harbaugh ,  source says Dolphins have decided that Tony Sparano is the best man for job . Will be retained . Giants WR Hakeem Nicks  foot  out vs . Eagles Chargers K Nate Kaeding ruled out vs . Chiefs ,  sign K Nick Novak . Chargers WR Malcolm Floyd ,  carted off field Sunday and put in neck brace ,  is unlikely to play Sunday vs . Titans . Seattle is signing Dwight Freeney to a one year deal ,  per source . Darrelle Revis will pay less in state tax from TB than the 538,200 he would have had he remained with Jets on 6 million base salary in NJ . Jets signed fourth round pick Joe McKnight and waived K Jared Ballman ,  S Brannon Condren and DT Mick Williams . It's not contentious between the Redskins and Kirk Cousins ,  not at all . There just will be no long term deal now nor anytime soon . If Jets QB Mark Sanchez goes 5 for 5 for 67 yards and one touchdown on his only drive of night ,  that says he's ready for season ,  right  ?  Despite his brother's disappearance in Louisiana ,  Ravens safety Ed Reed is on Baltimore's chartered flight to Kansas City . Tremendous . Hall of Fame defensive end Willie Davis will serve as the Packers honorary captain for Sundays NFC Championship game . And on the Brian Banks story ,  credit @JayGlazer with delivering initial news . Michigan officials believe they will be taking Jim Harbaugh and his wife to Ann Arbor on Monday . Dallas RB Ezekiel Elliott officially has appealed his 6 game suspension ,  per source . A hearing now must be scheduled within 10 days . RT @LambMikeLamb what do you like better  ?  Physical keyboard  ?  Or all touch screen  ?   ...  Struggling . Like learning a new language . Shaun Ellis of the New York Jets has been suspended without pay for the teams first regular season game and fined an additional 100,000 . Colts RB Vick Ballard limps off field and is carted away ,  according to onlookers at camp . CB Ty Law signed a one year ,  800,000 deal that includes a 200,000 signing bonus and another potential 400,000 in incentives . Let's be fair here . Now that the last of the two 1st round picks have agreed ,  Russell Okung still might actually sign before CJ Spiller . Lions RB Mikel Leshoure suspended two games for violating substance abuse policy . Jaguars said DE Jason Babin underwent groin surgery this morning and is expected back for the start of training camp . Seahawks OT Walter Jones officially has retired from the NFL   congratulations on a Hall of Fame career . Revis not alone . RT @NYPostHubbuch Nick Mangold told me he thought seriously about skipping OTAs to protest the lack of a new deal . Bears WR Alshon Jeffery expects to return from his hamstring injury for Sundays game against Raiders ,  per source  @tunasweasel's happy .Slow and white ,  @WesWelker ,  guilty . Fat ,  not so much . Please know i won award for my skills  or lack thereof  Biggest Drop Of Night . As @ClaytonESPN reported ,  Raiders are talking to former Browns exec Mike Holmgren about a prominent leadership role in organization . Sean Payton should have some fun with RBs Mark Ingram ,  Adrian Peterson and Alvin Kamara . Patriots over the Titans 45 0. At the half  !  Mike Zimmer concerned Dalvin Cook tore his ACL MRI on Monday to see the full damage . Eagles fans have started a  . Bills are giving WR Anquan Boldin a one year ,  2.75 million deal ,  that includes 1.25 million in incentives ,  per source . Patriots released rookie TE Zach Sudfeld . In honor of the late Fess Parker   who played Davey Crockett on TV   I'm thinking about wearing a coon skin cap on the morning SportsCenter . Let talks between Brian Kelly and Eagles commence . Kelly is due back in country today to attend Walter Camp dinner in New Haven tonight . After three days of talk and trades ,  prognostications and picks ,  this about sums it up ...  RT @mortreport Giants alarmed by MRI ,  bracing for worst case scenario of 2 to 3 months   longer  ?    but 2nd opinion could change that . FWIW Through two preseason weeks ,  Jets seventh round pick Greg McElroy leads all rookie QBs with an 89.5 QB rating . Part 2 on Vikings LG Steve Hutchinson DT Kevin Williams DE Jared Allen special teamer Heath Farwell . 49ers WR Eric Rogers ,  a coveted former CFL star signed this offseason ,  torn his ACL on Thursday ,  per Chip Kelly . Here comes surge RT @ChrisJohnson28 Minor set back for a major comeback if u with me get right if u not get left  get right or get left  . New Jets HC Todd Bowles has been planning and hoping to bring Chan Gailey as his OC wherever he landed ... Arizona Cardinals announced they signed former Steelers linebacker Larry Foote to a one year contract . RT @schadjoe As I go to sleep in Knoxville ,  I'm hearing Muschamp may have something to sleep on in Austin . Adrian Clayborn not first rookie to have contract fully guaranteed . Back in 1993 ,  No . 2 pick Rick Mirer had his contract fully guaranteed . To those pointing out Cleveland had an extra roster spot ,  Browns also claimed formed Dallas S DeAngelo Smith . Browns claimed at least 3.How much work will Jamaal Charles get Sun night at Pitt  ?  @numberFire reports starting RBs making debut in Week 4 have averaged 7.9 carries . Like Peyton Manning ,  Chargers QB Philip Rivers will not play in Pro Bowl . Rivers is recovering from a back injury . Former 49ers QB Colin Kaepernick is visiting Seahawks today ,  as @RapSheet reported . Stat of day that would have been hard to guess Dolphins' RB Jay Ajayi is 6th in the NFL in rushing ,  3rd in the AFC . Tonight's friendliesCleveland at Detroit ,  730 pmPittsburgh at NYG ,  730 pmGreen Bay at Tennessee ,  8 pmHouston at Arizona ,  830 pm . Last second change with the Ravens . Ravens running back Ray Rice is active and is going to play a series or two . RT @carlanthony31 Sounds like Rob Ryan will be picking up some of his old players for his new d in big D  !   ...  They're there for the taking . Las Vegas Mayor Carolyn Goodman told ESPN Radio's podcast Capital Games ,  The Raiders will come if Nevada handles this properly.''AJ Green ejected.Jalen Ramsey ejected . Eagles WR Steve Smith is active today . Here are Eagles inactives Young ,  Jarrett ,  Marsh ,  Watkins ,  Vandervelde ,  Justice ,  Hunt . Competiton for TO and Ocho RT @NFLonTheHill Cowboys PR maven Rich Dalrymple makes HBO Entourage debut Sun nite . Jerry Jones also on show . RT @OneRamsWay Spagnuolo will attend pro days of all the top prospects being considered No . 1. Presumably Suh ,  McCoy ,  Bradford ,  Clausen . Eagles hired former Browns GM Phil Savage as a consultant for the April NFL draft . Martellus Bennett to Bengals for a pick . RT @DanRemus @AdamSchefter whatwere the speculated players in the dallas offer  ?  any clue  ?  Falcons are releasing OT Tyson Clabo today and going to list it as a post June 1 cut for salary cap purposes . At Joseph L Bruno stadium in Albany 4 Oneonta Tigers vs . Tri City Valley Cats and Peter King is about to throw out first pitch . Pressure on . For RB Laurence Maroney ,  New England gets Denver's fourth round pick in 2011 and Denver gets New England's sixth round pick in 2011.Larry . Buccaneers' rookie RB Charles Sims will make his NFL debut today . Muellers investigation will be overseen by NFL owners John Mara of Giants and Art Rooney of Steelers ,  and final report will be made public . Maryland OT Bruce Campbell   who looks like an Adonis   ran the 40 yard dash faster than any OL ever has ,  a blazing 4.78 seconds . Bears free agent CB Charles Tillman visiting Tampa Bay ,  per source . Revis replacement  ?  Michael Wilbon remembers Stuart Scott ,  who would have been front and center in the coverage of the NBA finals ...  Giants OL Stacy Andrews is out today after being admitted to the hospital last night with pulmonary embolisms in both lungs . QB Matt Simms expected to start Thurs . due to injuries to Mark Sanchez and Greg McElroy . Current plan is not to play Geno Smith . Said that today on Mike  Mike RT @doncmleon Adam ,  the Niners have TWO 1st rd picks next year . Why dont they just trade for Julius Peppers  ?  Sure do . As Herm says ,  you play to win the game . RT @tgioiaaaa @AdamSchefter do bills have chance  vs . saints  ?  As it stands going into Thursday ,  when former Vikings QB Donovan McNabb will be on waivers ,  Dallas holds 21st waiver claim ,  Chicago 24th . Pro Bowl special teams player Kassim Osgood has reached greement with the Jacksonville Jaguars . Jon Gruden is comparing Paxton Lynch to Cam Newton . Michael Vick 'I would love to coach' in the NFL ...  Jonathan Kraft NFL discipline should be 'rethought for the modern era'  . Just because I like to gossip about other areas in other sports ... Lamar Odom marrying who  ?  !  ?  !  ?   Denver now joins Pittsburgh ,  Dallas and New England as only franchises to reach at least 7 Super Bowls . Last time Giants had INT  kick return for TDs in same game was 1951 ,  when Tom Landry got pick 6 ,  Emlen Tunnell returned kick . Both HOFers . Based off multiple people inside league ,  it would be a major upset if Dallas is able to trade Tony Romo . Cowboys will have to release him . Broncos HC Gary Kubiak said he expects Denver safeties TJ Ward  ankle  and Darian Stewart  knee  to be full go on Wednesday.WR Brandon Marshall officially active . Falcons and first round pick Desmond Trufant reached agreement on a new deal . My bad..@NJGiants now involved . Hope Jimmy Hoffa isnt . As of this morning ,  there are five teams over the salary cap OAK 15.25 mil PITT 8.5m DET 7.8m DALLAS 6.7m HOUSTON 3.25m . Bears announced the passing of team Vice President Tim McCaskey . Just as Denver placed 1st round tender on WR Brandon Marshall ,  Colts did the same on S Antoine Bethea ,  a former 6th round pick . Browns HC Mike Pettine has announced Brian Hoyer will start at quarterback this Monday night in Washington . Love Draft Week ... A no no for Rays P Matt Garza . No hits the imperfect team ,  Detroit . Filed to ESPN Dolphins trade WR Brandon Marshall to Bears for 3rd round pick in 2012 and 3rd round pick in 2013. Marshall rejoins Cutler . Tim Tebow has 5 million worth of recapture language ,  meaning Jets would have to pay back money to Denver . Jets might be unwilling . Complex . A season supposed to be Rex Ryans last with Jets has gone so well one source said the arrow now points to Rex being back next season.Now Buccaneers are confirming that a third player has been diagnosed with MRSA . Texans announce that J.J . Watt has a tibial plateau fracture to his left leg . Former Lions cornerback Aaron Berry agreed to a 2 year deal with the New York Jets ,  according to his agent @audieattar . JJ Watt's brother ,  Derek ,  now plays fullback for the San Diego Chargers ,  the team that picked him in the 6th round . Today ,  Missouri DE Michael Sam is Mr . Relevant . Mr . Irrelevant is Memphis S Lonnie Ballentine ,  the Texans pick at No . 256.Fundraiser featuring Santonio Holmes to benefit children with autism and sickle cell anemia . Allnecessary info at . So big men moves in sum Lions lose Nick Fairley to Rans and Ndamukong Suh to Dolphins ,  but add Haloti Ngata from Ravens . Both expected ,  both official Bills RB LeSean McCoy is out for Week 16 ,  Cowboys QB Tony Romo to IR . easy . Lowdown on Revis . RT @AdamSchein RT @RichCimini  Analysis of Revis ,  his contract & the future   . Giants offically signed LB Chase Blackburn and placed LT Will Beatty on injured reserve . And then there was Tampa . Forget Steelers ,  Titans ,  Anquan Boldin ,  Peyton Manning . Most eye popping development of Week 1 is Eagles and Chip Kelly . As she wraps up her first week of work for NFL ,  the league's new Vice President of Security Cathy Lanier will ...  So where do you think this man will wind up  ?  Dolphins QB Chad Pennington had a 200,000 incentive for each game he plays at least one play . Could mean an additional 1.6 million . Percy Harvin increasingly frustrated w hip  knee injuries expected to sideline him indefinitely ,  per sources . Not considering retirement . Week 16 NFL schedule finalized . Originally scheduled Dallas at Washington Sunday night game remains in place . Denver Philly starts @ 415.Supplemental draft is Wednesday Terrelle Pryor is now seeking a meeting with NFL commissioner Roger Goodell   . With Corey Davis ,  Mike Williams and John Ross all active ,  its first time this season the top 10 draft picks are all active in same week . Hall of Famer Warren Sapp doesn't think Myles Garrett is deserving of No . 1 overall pick . So it looks like Philadelphia could finish season vs . Joe Webb ,  then Stephen McGee . Talk about having something giftwrapped . Once paperwork is complete   and it still will be another couple of hours   Detroit will trade a 5th round pick to Seattle for Rob Sims . Bet fans lash out at my friend Chris for this RT @ChrisBroussard Knicks gaining major ground in LeBron Sweepstakes . Bosh snub hurts Cavs . Dolphins HC Adam Gase says Arian Foster is day to day with groin injury . Jaguars have fired OC Greg Olson ,  per @DanGrazianoESPN . Some AFC East HCs love losing . RT @ArmandoSalguero One final note on Tony Sparano's 30 lb . loss He did it thru hard work ,  not a lap band . RT @INCSoundOff What do you think about Michigan now  ?   ...  RichRod is gone ,  and it's up to the NFL to prevent Jim Harbaugh from going there . Former Seahawks' K Steve Hauschka expected to sign in Buffalo if no snags in final negotiations ,  per sources . Last time a Boston team as its conference's top seed was being beat this badly at halftime was ... Super Bowl LI.This ain't that . Zero chance of QB Brady Quinn being moved .  He is and will be a Bronco . Team loves what he's doing . More congrats RT @LLDubYa No shoutout for Alfred Williams  !  Elected to College Footbal HOF also   member of 1990 National Champion Team . Great conversation between @merrilhoge and Lions DT Ndamukong Suh on ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown starting at 10 a.m . Former Panthers' DE Charles Johnson is scheduled to visit the Giants ,  then the Buccaneers ,  per league sources . Falcons RB Davonta Freeman injured hamstring today at practice and didn't return . Rookie RB Tevin Coleman already nursing hamstring injury . RT @redskinsblog The  awesome  professional versions of those photos of Donovan McNabb in his #Redskins uniform . Larry Fitzgerald said he wished he played with Adrian Peterson before . But Cards passed on Peterson at No . 5 in 2007 draft for Levi Brown . Browns rookie LB Ausar Walcott has been charged with attempted murder after allegedly punching a man outside a NJ bar . RT @cponder7 Just signed  !  It feels great to officially be a Minnesota Viking  !  Regarding NFL decision to uphold Brady suspension ,  here is league statementIn the opinion informing Brady that ...  Packers QB Aaron Rodgers underwent the scan he needed to this morning . Packers doctors now evaluating it ,  and team  . Chargers announced HC Norv Turner and GM A.J . Smith will return . Congratulations to author ,  reporter ,  all around good guy @PSchrags on his nuptials today . Party expected to include lots of salsa dancing . The record he didn't want Broncos QB Peyton Manning lost the 13th playoff game of his career ,  the most in NFL history . Dolphins have announced the retirement of veteran defensive tackle Jason Ferguson . Part III Oakland did not give Seymour a new contract nor a promise not to slap its franchise tag on him after this season . Authorities say Indianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay is in jail after being stopped for suspected drunken driving Sunday night . Safety Donte Whitner said on the Dan Patrick Show that Colin Kaepernick is the starter for Sunday's game against the Saints . With WASH anointing RGIII as its starting QB ,  Redskins QB Kirk Cousins is open to being traded ,  per sources . Already has told team that ,  too . Former Raiders ,  Texans and Cardinals QB Matt Leinart will be working out this week for the Buffalo Bills . Charlotte police say Chris Henry passed on at just after 630 a.m . Prayers for his family and for his children . Colts QB Peyton Manning and Cardinals QB Kurt Warner have combined for 5 NFL MVP awards dating back to 1999 ,  including Manning in 08.Saints cut WR Hakeem Nicks . With LB Daryl Washington suspended at least one year ,  Cardinals signed former Cowboys and Lions LB Ernie Sims . One day after Lions 2nd rd pick Mikel Leshoure was arrested for marijuana possession ,  1st rd pick Nick Fairley was arrested for same offense . An agreement Chicago is reuniting former Cowboys WR Roy Williams w Bears OC Mike Martz ,  who helped coach Williams to Pro Bowl in Detroit . Seahawks placed wide receiver Deon Butler on injured reserve and signed guard Paul Fanaika from the Cleveland Browns practice squad . Texans HC Gary Kubiak on Dolphins QB Ryan Tannehill There's no doubt in my mind you're talking about a franchise player.If Peyton Manning is released ,  Redskins are expected to pursue him . Redskins also prepared to pursue free agents Matt Flynn and Kyle Orton . If Brett Favre can become a Viking ,  if Donovan McNabb can become a Redskin ,  then Jason Taylor can become a Jet . Former Seahawks DT Clinton McDonald reached agreement on a 4 yr ,  12M deal with Buccaneers ,  per ESPN sources . How's this sound Last Sunday without football until February . Like son like father Lane Kiffin bringing his father ,  Monte ,  to USC with him to run the defense . For all those who asked . RT @NFLFanHouse JaMarcus Russell Is Regressing ,  Raiders Assistant Coach Admits  . Madden will advise on competitive issues ,  coachingpersonnel development ,  technological innovations ,  player safety ,  and Pro Football HOF . Bills notified NFL they are not matching 3 year ,  12M offer sheet that Chris Hogan signed ,  as @RapSheet reported . Hogan is a Patriot . This makes sense . RT @TheRedzoneorg Vikings may have interest in LaDainian Tomlinson  . Bloggers team by team look at the NFL's most underrated players   . Eagles QB Nick Foles broke collarbone ,  as @TheRealDGunnCSN reported ,  and is sidelined indefinitely . Aaron Rodgers missed 7 games last year . Colts in first place with 3 4 record ,  the first time since 1970 AFL NFL merger that a team with a losing record is in first after 7 weeks . A Wade Lebron tag team  ?  RT @chadfordinsider Confirmed the Wade Bulls meeting tonight . Source believes Wade is leaning toward joining Bulls . More actives Larry Fitzgerald ,  Vince Young ,  Nick Mangold ,  Steve Jackson ,  Michael Turner ,  Matt Ryan . Peter . Baltimore is locked in as No . 6 seed ... Chargers and Franchise player Melvin Ingram reached agreement on a four year deal . Giants defense pitched a shutout . And any questions about Tom Coughlin's future ,  finally and fortunately ,  are put to rest . Tim Tebow is being allowed to pick the team he wants to go to . He picks the trade . Jets or Jacksonville . Filed to ESPN No team claimed running back Larry Johnson ,  which means he now is free to sign with any team . Eagles acquire QB Sam Bradford and 5th round draft pick in 2015 from Rams for QB Nick Foles ,  4th round pick in ...  Packers WR Randall Cobb inactive today vs Vikings . Just throw me the damn ball ... Raiders have signed QB Tyler Wilson to their active roster . Props to former Colts WR @RoyHall . His @DRIVEN Foundation is giving away 80,000 lbs of food TODAY to the inner city of Columbus ,  OH . Everyone knew it was coming ,  but it's about to become official . Eagles plan to place their franchise tag on QB Michael Vick today . Good off season for Jacksons . Fred Jackson ,  DeSean Jackson ,  Vincent Jackson all signed lucrative contract extensions . Donald Driver's 1 reception for 10 yards Sunday was historic . Driver passed James Lofton for most receiving yds in Packers history  9,666 .Wade Phillips' contract option is expected to be picked up and he's even likely to land a contract extension . Here's why  . Packers HC Mike McCarthy said RB Cedric Benson will not play Sunday vs Texans due to a foot injury . RT @LucierRC any indication how much Garon will play  ?   ...  Depends how he feels . Plan is to play him some but not full workload yet . Words to live by . RT @SILeeJenkins Be quick but don't hurry ... Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can .  John Wooden . Preview of piece for Sunday Countdown and E60 with Steve Gleason and Pearl Jam  . And if the Chiefs thought tonight was rough ,  their next game is against Pittsburgh and Todd Haley ,  who has been waiting for Mr . Pioli . Correction ,  Pat   anytime of the year . RT @giantspathanlon The Rockies are beautiful at this time of year ... Jaguars signed fifth year wide receiver Mike Sims Walker and third year tight end Martin Rucker . And another ...  RT @TicketsofBoston It was the Woods scandal ,  but nothing even remotely close . Eagles moved kickoff time for Sundays game vs . 49ers to 415 PM ET from 100 PM ET due to threat of a major snowstorm in Philadelphia . Bucs appeal of CB Aqib Talib's one game supsenion last week in NY failed . Team just announced he has been suspended one game . Chris Berman on the Colts loss Well ,  that takes Brett Favre out of the headlines.Winston Justice's new contract extension   He signed a four year ,  18.15 million extension that included a 6 million signing bonus . RT @pdubb48 Your man ingram gets busy  !   ...  Now there's a player that was impressive today . NFL fined Buccaneers QB Jameis Winston 12,154 for poking Saints CB Marshon Lattimore ,  per league source . Who'd have guessed  ?  RT @RoobCSN Since Week 3 ,  Michael Vick has 2 INTs in 178 attempts . Only Peyton Manning  1  has fewer among starting QBs . Mike McCoy informed the Broncos this morning that he is accepting the San Diego Chargers head coaching job . Sure sounds like Steelers at Patriots in Thursday night regular season opener . Full NFL schedule release tonight at 8 on ESPN . RT @yankeeswin101 Interested to hear why you think cowher wouldn't want Carolina job .  ...  He would want it . Don't think Panthers will pay . Having lost defensive end Aaron Smith this week ,  Pittsburgh tried out free agent defensive end Orpheus Roye on Friday . Might be just a preseason game ,  but Jets QB Matt Simms looks like he belongs . And then some . WR Kevin Ogletree re signed with the Lions on a 1 year deal . Congratulations to Jim Kelly and @erinkelly12 on their new ,  inspirational book ,  Kelly Tough . Well done . #KellyTough  . Buccaneers G Carl Nicks ,  battling MRSA ,  is not expected to play today Bucs CB Johnthan Banks ,  also battling infection ,  is expected to play . Browns WR Josh Gordon tested positive for alcohol ,  as @ProFootballTalk also reported . Who knew there was a new dwarf in Cincy  ?  RT @ochocinco Did anyone get license plate to bus I was just threw under  &gt  . Once a top defensive prospect ,  then an undrafted free agent ,  Vontaze Burfict will start at weakside LB during todays game vs . Browns . This had to be a tough one Jets released veteran FB Tony Richardson ,  one of the league's classiest players . Cowboys CB Brandon Carr needs one interception today vs Eagles to reach a 250,000 incentive for two interceptions this season . Panthers officially placed running back DeAngelo Williams on injured reserve with a sprained right arch . His contract is up there ,  too . RT @raven7eggnog No happy birthday wishes to Roger Goodell today  ?   ...  Like everyone else ,  he got upstaged by Tiger . Another blow for Cowboys Dallas DB Jakar Hamilton is being suspended four games for substances of abuse ,  per league source . The Commissioner's Special Advisor at work on Polamalu RT @mariolosasso @AdamSchefter the madden curse . Dolphins reached agreement on a two year deal with former Rams CB Cortland Finnegan ,  per league source . Brett Favre   career high 36 completions . Brett Favre   career high 446 passing yards . Brett Favre saves Brad Childress . Lions would like to swoop in and sign all three FA visitors today RB Reggie Bush ,  S Glover Quin ,  DE Jason Jones . Lions team to watch today . Lions announced that they have released G Stephen Peterman and DE Kyle Vanden Bosch . RT @faithlovechell so do you know of any rumors of kurt warner coming back to football n san fran  ?   ...  No chance . Simmer down ,  Twitterverse . C'mon ,  man !  coming on after next report from @mortreport and I ,  at roughly 815.Harold Henderson upheld suspension .    Judge reserved ruling until Friday on motion for TRO . Elliott eligible to play in week 1.CB Asante Samuel and WR DeSean Jackson are active and starting . Lions RB Ameer Abdullah to IR . Giants reach agreement with former 49ers C David Baas . A Randall Cobb update ...  Chiefs announced they have released WR Jeremy Maclin . Former Titans HC Mike Munchak is scheduled to interview Friday with Lions regarding their HC position ,  per @Edwerderespn . As only the back page of the New York tabloids could do ...  Peyton Manning called John Elway this morning to tell him he's looking forward to coming to play for him . Colts suspended P Pat McAfee for one game for conduct detrimental to the club.up . Bills announced that the team has signed free agent DE Mario Williams . More Cassel details It was laparoscopic surgery on his appedix ,  which often is less invasive . But still ,  having had it ,  tough bounce back . Bucs WR Mike Williams is active . Despite being listed as questionable with a knee injury ,  Panthers' WR Kelvin Benjamin is expected to play today vs Saints ,  per source . So Ezekiel Elliott now gets to play next two weeks at SF ,  at Washington   with good chance to play even longer . Former Browns defensive lineman Shaun Rogers ,  who visited Washington last week ,  is visiting the Kansas City Chiefs today . Some late game updates . Colts optimistic WR Austin Collie can play ,  Saints unsure about RB Reggie Bush ,  and A . Gates a big question for MNF . Giants WR Odell Beckham Jr is having season ending ankle surgery today . Good luck to @jemelehill and @michaelsmith ,  who will launch the SC6 tonight and prove they can dellver the news as well as they can dance . Talk about Lindsay Lohan's recent dumb decision ... sheesh . Lohan thought 'The Hangover' had 'no potential' Oops  ...  turned down role in it . Raiders have signed first round pick Khalil Mack ,  per @FieldYates . RT @irishpride159 Can you please help get #RyanKennedy trending.9 yr old boy with brain cancer in hospice.his wish is to trend on twitter . Steelers fear that RB Rashard Mendenhall tore his ACL . MRI scheduled for Monday to see if fears will be realized . Texans HC Gary Kubiak on LB Brian Cushing Its what we thought . He tore his ACL and we lost him for the year.People around Peyton Manning believe he will retire ,  but as of now ,  he has not told the Broncos of any decision . For those that asked ,  the two hour NFL draft special now on ESPN now till 3 EST reairs on ESPN2 tonight at 8 pm . Brett Favre and Aaron Rodgers on same team again   NFC Pro Bowl team . And league will do what it can to get everyone to attend and play . This is Patriots doing with RB Tyler Gaffney what they once did with TE Jake Ballard . Second this thought   a great read RT @SIPeterKing Heck of a job on the Bledsoe in retirement story ,  Ron Borges  . RT @HoustonTexans WR Andre Johnson said his ankle injury has gotten worse ,  but he's doing everything he can to try to play on Sunday . Randy Gregory's representatives made it clear that ,  whichever team drafts him ,  needs to have a support system in ...  Details on Devonta Freeman's new deal from the Atlanta Falcons  . Merril Hoge resting comfortably after successful open heart surgery this morning . Expected to make full recovery . Our thoughts with him . Outside the Lines just starting on ESPN with a featured piece on athletes and Twitter . This should be good ... Text from one source Insane day in Detroit ! It's official Pats franchise DT Vince Wilfork . Last time the Pats used their franchise tag  ?  Last year ,  on QB Matt Cassel . Steelers plan to use majority of 6 million of salary cap room to offset large number of injured players counting against salary cap . more . TV station reports Kokinis done  . Since the start of the 2005 season ,  Drew Brees has thrown for 30,183 yards . Yup ,  the Dolphins didn't need to sign him.GB CB Sam Shields  concussions  is expected to miss more time than today and should be cleared to play in a few more weeks ,  per source . What are they teaching at rookie symposium  ?  RT @ballsdeepagain @AdamSchefter Denver rookie TE Quinn arrested already . Jaguars claimed Jason Babin . Bears are signing former Chiefs kicker Cairo Santos ,  per source . Reggie Bush has a 500,000 incentive for winning NFC Championship ,  and another 500,000 for winning Super Bowl  ring money for Kim K ?  Former Texans WR Jaelen Strong was claimed on waivers today by Jaguars ,  per source . RT @jeromebrown  Can the owners use replacement players  ?   ...  They're allowed to do it ,  but they haven't discussed it . RT @Horrigan46 How's their catering  ?  RT @AdamSchefter Free agent R . Moss received an offer ... from the IFL's Chicago Slaughter . Without Trent Edwards ,  the Bills have an open roster spot . Bills planning to re sign QB Levi Brown ,  whom they released this summer . Hope for all . RT @NFLfootballinfo For 14 consecutive seasons at least 5 teams made playoffs that did not qualify year before . Cardinals OT Bobby Massie returns today from a 2 game suspension . How he got 2 games might be more notable . On ...  Ed Marynowitz   Chips personnel guy   was fired . And there it is . RT @MarcusMcNeill73 great to be back today .. GO BOLTS . Bell beat goes on ...   via @steelers   . Sad day in the football world . RT @ProFootballHOF #Giants#Rams HOF DE Andy Robustelli dead at 85.San Diego plans to sign veteran kicker Nick Novak ,  who spent the 2010 training camp with the Chargers . Before Patriots accused of deflating balls ,  NBA players such as @SHAQ and @PhilJackson11 did it ,  via @BaxterHolmes.Just completed chat on ESPN.com ,  with lots of Andrew LuckJim HarbaughCarolina Panthers questions . Steelers WR Lance Moore has asked Pittsburgh for his release ,  per sources . Moore is two seasons removed from 1,000 yd receiving season . you  !  Without trade ,  Jerome Harrison doesn't get physical . Without physical ,  doctors don't find brain tumor . Trade might have saved his life . Eddie Lacy and Davante Adams both officially active tonight . As @Edwerderespn reported ,  Chiefs Dolphins resumed trade talks for Branden Albert . This is like Revis deal has to happen . Josh Gordon is first player in NFl history with back to back 200 yard receiving games . Resskins signed kicker Kai Forbath and released kicker Billy Cundiff . Awaiting update on Mikel Leshoure's injury . But so far ,  WR Titus Young is the only one of the Lions top three picks in April still standing . NFLs 2014 rushing leader ,  DeMarco Murray ,  faces Lions D that had allowed NFL's fewest rush yards.Its just ...  RT @jamisonhensley This is 2nd time after winning SB that Ravens sign a player named Elvis . Fans hope Dumervil turns out better than Grbac . Jets announced they placed 1st  and 3rd round tenders on CB Antonio Cromartie and WR Santonio Holmes . Patroits' TE Rob Gronkowski's murky status to go along with a report from Boston Herald ...  RT @NFLprguy Commissioner Goodell requested clubs observe a moment of silence before every NFL game this weekend in memory of Chris Henry . Guess Dan Bailey's foot turned out to be more significant than Tony Romo's rib . RT @EricStangel AP Republican Scott Brown wins Ted Kennedy's Senate seat . Makes sense  Democrats' game plan was designed by Norv Turner . General rule if a city is hosting a draft ,  it needs a first round pick . RT @MikeReiss At CB ,  Leigh Bodden starts at RCB . Darius Butler ,  Devin McCourty ,  Terrence Wheatley ,  Jonathan Wilhite battle for other side . Raiders plan to sign kicker Dave Rayner . Now that the Bengals have been chosen for Hard Knocks ,  what team would have made the best choice for the show  ?  USC OT Tyron Smith ,  who some project will be the first offensive lineman picked ,  will attend the draft in NYC . #RSVPskeepcoming . on  !  Cut down the nets . #HailToTheVictors . Two weeks after fracturing his orbital bone ,  49ers OT Joe Staley will start today against the NY Giants ,  per source . So there it is . Now we know why the Chiefs claimed wide receiver Chris Chambers off waivers . They knew Bowe suspension was coming . Donovan McNabb has a 6.2 million roster bonus due May 5 ,  after draft . Doesn't mean he'll be traded ,  but it will fuel speculation he will . RT @OriginalGilmore is it true that Harvin has asked for a trade from the Vikings  ?  !  ?   ...  It is . But don't look for Vikings to deal him . #KnowThemFromAdam Pats LB @zeus30hightower to relive #SB51 & discuss if he'll take a hometown discount. LISTEN  . Including playoffs ,  Aaron Rodgers has gone 18 games ,  545 attempts and 43 passing TDs without throwing an INT at home ,  all NFL records . Throwing shoulder surgery day today for Cam Newton ,  who's expected to be sidelined about four months . Being that the TV on the bus was out last night ,  stayed up tonight for Hard Knocks reair at midnight . So far ,  real glad I did . Rex is great . Courtesy of @adbrandt ,  this resets where we are and where we're going . OT Ryan Clady and Broncos agreed to 5 year ,  57.5 million contract w 33 million gtd . Nearly 65% of the 52.5 ...  Guess it's official RT @jwyattsports Andy Reid on conference call with Nashville media Kevin  Kolb  is the starter this week vs Titans . RT @MetsJetsKnicks0 @AdamSchefter Jets 2001 wk 17 @ Oak . WC game @ Oak . Colts WR Anthony Gonzalez ,  who some thought would replace Austin Collie ,  recently tweaked his ankle . Former Bills LB Aaron Maybin cleared waivers . He now becomes an unrestricted free agent . Andy Reid said Nick Foles is Eagles starting QB the rest of the season . Steelers and Le'Veon Bell unable to reach agreement today . Bell will play this season under 12.1 million tag ,  ...  Washington WR Ryan Grant in concussion protocol . RT @StefanK2611 How does it work  ?  You reported they were 11M over cap .  ...  His cap # on books WAS 10 mil . New deal lowers that # a lot . Colts punter Pat McAfee says he's retiring from NFL after 8 seasons . The mom of Seahawks DB Richard Sherman has a sweet ride ...  One NFL executive said he will not be surprised if there are more players today who mimic the Hands Up ,  Dont shoot message . More prayers . RT @NFLFanHouse Brother of Giants' Kiwanuka in Critical Condition After Motorcycle Crash  . Denvers rookie tight end   or not ,  via @LacesOutShow  . Joe Theismann on Sirius I can tell you conclusively that JaMarcus Russell never will be able to play QB in the National Football League.Just Tuesday ,  Colts worked out QBs Josh Johnson ,  Matt Barkley ,  Matt McGloin and Connor Shaw . Knew this day was coming . Updated Colts' QB Matt Hassebleck was in emergency room until 2 am TUESDAY ,  dealing with virus he's still feeling . From hospital to start . In 5th round ,  with 171st overall pick ,  Bills draft Pitt QB Nathan Peterman.Miami QB Brad Kaaya still on the board . Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis has been cleared for contact and ,  barring a setback ,  he is expected to play Sunday at Miami . Broncos CB Aqib Talib could be facing issues with the NFL and the law . 49ers announced theysigned CB Eric Wright to a one year contract and placed him on the Non Football InjuryIllness List . Don't care that Stephen Strasburg is doing this against Pirates . This is incredible . Two straight innings striking out side . 14Ks in all . Titans WR Kenny Britt is not playing due to an ankle injury . Matthew Hasselbeck  shoulder  officially ruled out rest of game . Charlie Whitehurst now QBing Colts . Broncos will reclaim 1.25 million of signing bonus they gave Von Miller ,  withholding the money from his paychecks . Patriots have released former Michigan QB Devin Gardner . ESPN insider @caplannfl must be living the good life  if only it was actually him  ... Dolhpins cut OL Cory Procter . Jets claim former Vikings OT Patrick Brown on waivers . Chargers signed OT Adam Terry . RT @StephaniaESPN Hillis showed up on report  thigh . No details  ...  Not considered serious ,  Stephania . Leg muscle strain . Good by Sunday . Filed to ESPN Broncos in serious talks ,  trying to hammer out an agreement with Patriots WR Wes Welker . Decision expected today . Wow RT @LATimesfarmer Santonio Holmes on Thursday 9 catches ,  131 yards ,  1 TD   PRECISELY the same numbers he put up in Super Bowl XLIII . Dolphins are re signing WR Kenny Stills ,  as @RandGetlin reported . Falcons TE Tony Gonzalez and WR Harry Douglas both are active . Proof of how front offices view rosters differently than fans Colts used franchise tag on P Pat McAfee ,  not DELB Dwight Freeney . RT @tedulmer everyone else is doing it ,  who's in your final four  ?   ...  I got the Saints ,  Vikes ,  Colts and Jets  and like my chances a lot .Liked the signing of Billy Cundiff   until I read this . RT @millrtime30 The Ravens signed the Browns leading scorer  !  Moves in Buffalo LB John DiGiorgio has been WaivedFailed Physical . WR James Hardy has been placed on Physically Unable to Perform . RT @niraljhaveri Team India won in cricket . Give shout out to men in blue .  ...  My sports lockout update of the day #sticktocricketschefter . Playoff scenarios NFCLIONSClinch NFC North with1   Win or tie PACKERSClinch NFC North with1   Win ...  How bout this  ?  Meeting is confirmed . RT @TheJetsStream Rex Ryan took his talents to South Florida Met wDarrelle Revis this weekend . Niners gave first round pick Anthony Davis a 5 year ,  26.5 million contract that includes 15.954 million guaranteed . LIons announced today that they will place RB Jahvid Best on the injured reserve list . Patriots have released G Jonathan Cooper ,  per @FieldYates . Knew I should have picked up Matt Slauson for my fantasy team ... Bears gave former Texans QB Brian Hoyer a one year deal . RT @KCChiefsBlog If it makes you feel any better ,  here at kcchiefsblog.com we put in a 2nd round claim on you but league wouldn't take it . Found old friend Southeast Jerome . Even though he had refused to taking running test ,  he did . And passed . With flying colors . Bucs S Tanard Jackson's suspension begins immediately . He is eligible for reinstatement Sept . 22 ,  2011.And here go the Bears Bears have agreed to terms with 6th rd pick Tayo Fabuluje on 4 year contract . Will have whole draft class signed soon . Peyton Manning makes playing QB look so easy it makes me think even I could do it . Wonder how the Academy missed this RT @chadclift Just finished watching The Longest Yard . Amazing performance by @AdamSchefter #OscarWorthy . Andre Brown running like Jim Brown . RT @Doughboy80910 Who should the broncos be targeting as their DC  ?   ...  Tell you after they hire an HC . The NFL is considering suspending Steelers LB James Harrison one or two games for his helmet to helmet hit on Browns QB Colt McCoy . For what it's worth ,  both QBs ,  Robert Griffin III and Kirk Cousins ,  handled a difficult situation Wednesday exceptionally well . What's interesting   and telling   is that if QB David Carr didn't get his deal done in SF today ,  he was planning to visit Arizona . Browns WR Brian Hartline broke his collarbone ,  needs surgery and is out for the year . Big pickup Bengals reached agreement with safety Reggie Nelson . Jets now will need to look elsewhere . Browns placed their franchise tag on kicker Phil Dawson . Kicker tag projects to be about 3.25 million . Bobby Petrino is expected to become the next Louisville coach ,  a source close to the situation tells ESPN's Joe Schad . #KnowThemFromAdam Mike Vick discusses what's next for him and the rookie who will shine. More Colts WR Anthony Gonzalez underwent arthroscopic right knee surgery yesterday to clean out loose particles . And ... NFL officially filed appeal of Ezekiel Elliott's injunction with U.S . Court of Appeals for Fifth Circuit.Elliott'  . Apparently Brandon Marshall isn't the only WR on the Seahawks radar . Seattle HC Pete Carroll spent Tuesday at Dez Bryant's Pro Day . An MRI on Monday will determine whether Eagles CB Ronald Darby's dislocated ankle will require season ending surgery ,  per @mortreport . ESPN.com's rankings of the NFL's top 10 left tackles . Despite not practicing Thursday ,  Jags WRs Justin Blackmon and Cecil Shorts are expected to play Sunday vs . Buffalo . Despite being paralyzed ,  my good friend Alan Brown will compete in and complete Sunday's NY Marathon . An inspiration . Steven Jackson on brink of history ,  why Cameron Wake went to Miami ,  and the Game of the Week . Seahawks hire Jerry Gray ,  stand pat with Gus Bradley as defensive coordinator . Sportsguy's killshot RT @SIPeterKing This is not a good effort by Bill Simmons  @sportsguy33 . It's a brilliant one  . BYU's Ziggy Ansah will have his Pro Day Thurs . Chiefs staff ,  including GM John Dorsey and HC Andy Reid ,  flew to BYU March 15 to work him out . Statement from Raiders' CB Gareon Conley regarding caseI am thankful that this burden has been lifted as I ...  NFL upholds Tom Brady's 4 game suspension ,  per source . Story continues . Now on to court . The New Orleans Saints have re signed restricted free agent offensive tackle Jermon Bushrod . Only OT they haven't signed is Jammal Brown . Pete Carroll told reporters he absolutely expects Jimmy Graham and Thomas Rawls to be ready for regular season opener . Most Pass Att Before 1st Career Int2000 01   T . Brady  1622016     D . Prescott  1552016    C . Wentz   1351984    W . Moon   131Per ELIAS . Titans QB Marcus Mariota is day to day with a hamstring strain ,  per source . Cardinals TE Jermaine Gresham visited Jets today ,  per source . Thank you to @bilwyn00 for coordinating draft week fashion with Saks Fifth Avenue Collection . #saksmens #teamsaks  . Congratulations to the Class of 2010 Russ Grimm ,  Rickey Jackson ,  Dick LeBeau ,  Floyd Little ,  John Randle ,  Jerry Rice ,  Emmitt Smith . 49ers' trade for Jimmy Garoppolo doesn't alter Kirk Cousins' future with Washington ...  As it it weren't improbable enough entering Super Bowl LI ...  After a season's worth of groin and shoulder injuries ,  Bears' WR Alshon Jeffery not on injury report for first time since Nov . 11.Lions announced they have signed OT Barry Richardson and released TE Tony Not Schefter Scheffler . Former Lions' QB Erik Kramer getting help after suicide attempt after years of pain ...  Despite being medically cleared for camp ,  RGIII is unlikely to play in any preseason games . Buffalo RB Anthony Dixon will start today vs . Jets . Charlie Batch starts for Steelers ,  Bruce Gradkowski starts for Raiders ,  it looks like Seneca Wallace for Browns . QB carousel keeps spinning . Filed to ESPN Former Cowboys Pro Bowl S Ken Hamlin reached agreement on a one year contract with the Baltimore Ravens . Brian Urlacher I guess we got beat by a good running back . Tim Tebow I guess that's a compliment coming from a good player . Class . Raiders QB Jason Campbell broke his collarbone . Out indefinitely . Jaguars announced RB Denard Robinson is out for season with a foot sprain . Redskins will introduce their offense ,  with Donovan McNabb going last . RT @carolmayer @AdamSchefter see you in 30 min at dinner @HUB51    ...  What's better than dinner with @carolmayer and AM1000 in Chicago  ?  The Schaumburg  Ill.  Boomers of the independent Frontier League have offered Tim Tebow a contract to play as an outfielder . C'mon ,  man !  and laughs are about two minutes away ... Other teams inquiring about Rams' surplus of CBs . In addition to Kyle Shanahan on Wednesday ,  Browns also scheduled to interview Raiders QB coach John Defilippo on Thursday for their OC job . Funny stuff here RT @billydechert I'm waiting for @AdamSchefter to report Jacksonville has offered Kevin Ogletree a 35 million contract . RT @jameytwilley Better deal Matt Jones for 700k or Stallworth for 900k  ?   ...  Two good ,  low risk ,  low cost pickups . Like them both . Statement from Bills Owners Terry and Kim Pegula  . No practice today either for Vikings QB Sam Bradford . More from @Edwerderespn ...  RT @RotoworldFB Report Rodgers' injury 'doesn't look good'  . NFL NFLPA Joint Statement on Social Activism The NFL and NFLPA met today to discuss the important issue of ...  A possible Kubiak replacement could come from Denver Ravens requested permission today to interview Broncos OC Adam Gase . Jets gave former Eagles QB Michael Vick a one year ,  5 million deal ,  per source . With Keenan Allen out for season ,  Chargers worked out WRs Chris Givens and Griff Whalen ,  per source . Bucs HC Greg Schiano on chances CB Darrelle Revis plays this week vs . Miami I just dont feel like he has to.Aurora police chief said that ,  in all ,  71 people were shot ,  12 were killed . Hard to think much else matters today . Weary of extra time leading up to draft ,  Saints officials flying from N.O . to Las Vegas tonight for weekend of relaxation . Back to work Mon . Updating earlier post Roger Goodell will be in Canton ,  Ohio on Fri . and now will meet with Browns WR Josh Gordon at sometime in next week . Seahawks released Super Bowl standout WR Chris Matthews and signed WR Kevin Smith off the team's practice squad . RT @redoverred  but chelsea's still engaged right  ?  !  ?    &lt  Yes ,  but unconfirmed . RT @MHRTroy  Week 1 is divisional ,  as well . RaidersBroncos ,  SteelersRavens ,  BengalsBrowns ,  etc .  ...  Now they could be played later on . Vick debut ,  Cutler back to Denver ,  Favre on MNF ,  Cowboys scoreboard   has to be one of most significant preseason weekends in NFL history . With Mike Johnson becoming SF's OC ,  49ers offensive assistant Jason Michael will now take over as quarterbacks coach . Cardinals' LG MIke Iupati is likely to undergo arthroscopic knee surgery this week that would sideline him 6 8 weeks ,  per source . ESPN Draft guru Todd McShay said FSU's Jameis Winston will be his 2nd highest rated QB prospect over last 10 years ,  behind only Andrew Luck . Sources Docs think Aaron Rodgers can throw in 6 weeks ,  giving him chance to return.Officially official have acquired four time Pro Bowl cornerback Asante Samuel from the Philadelphia Eagles . Philadelphia is tying up the youth of its team ,  as it does . Eagles signed restricted free agent WR Jason Avant to a contract extension . RT @RossTuckerNFL Where Jim Harbaugh will end up & why Favre's punishment is worse than meets eye w @AdamSchefter  . person  !  Hours after releasing DL Cullen Jenkins ,  Eagles now have released former first round pick Mike Patterson ,  who intends to continue playing . There were people who believed Von Miller played the best game of his NFL career in AFC Championship vs NE . Then he topped it vs Carolina . RT @JoeGrady78 just read that twitter hit the 5 billion tweet mark . How many million are from you alone Schefter  ?  &lt  Nearly half . They did both go to USC . T @TweeetBoy @AdamSchefter I wonder if Fisher bought the John David Booty jersey yet . Bears considering handful of OC candidates ,  including Charlie Weis ,  SF's Geep Chryst ,  DET's Jim Bob Cooter ,  DEN's Adam Gase . Weis intriguing . JJ Watts plan for Hurricane Harvey relief fund includes rebuilding homes ,  restoring child care centers ,  and providing food and medical care . Chargers WR Seyi Ajirotutu expected to start for inactive WR Legedu Naanee . I now need to buy a vowel . And who would have thought with @JonesDrew32 reporting to Jaguars today ,  the last unsettled contracts involve the NFL and officials . Packers CB Sam Shields just signed his RFA tender for 2.023 million . Unbeaten vs . Ocho . RT @realsmoothradio @OGOchoCinco ur my boy ,  but u gotta stop making bets with @AdamSchefter . He's owning you right now  !  Let's try this link to fantastic story on Raiders CB DJ Hayden ...   President Obama will welcome undefeated 1972 Miami Dolphins to White House on Aug . 20  to honor them for historic season . The fallout continues . RT @GAtallah Today's NFLPA statement on PEDs  . Giants placed S Michael Johnson on injured reserve and promoted DB Brian Jackson from their practice squad to the active roster . Told an AFC head coach last night about JaMarcus Russell . His response Never ends ,  does it ?  Never . July 6 feels as busy as January 6.Neither Hakeem Nicks nor Victor Cruz was in attendance at Giants OTAs . Tom Coughlin sounded uncertain why Nicks was missing . RT @mortreport Filed to ESPN Colts put franchise tag on Peyton Manning . Conversation with Kevin Ware coming up on SportsCenter . Washington activated TE Jordan Reed off PUP . Former Packers RB Brandon Jackson reaches agreement with the Browns on a 2 year ,  4.5 million deal . Saints RB Reggie Bush and DT Sedrick Ellis downgraded to out will not travel to Tampa . Early indications are Chargers TE Antonio Gates   inactive . DVR set now ESPN Films Fall Series premiers Tues ,  Sept . 27 ,  with Catching Hell ,  the Steve Bartman documentary . Going to be awesome . Steelers announced Martavis Bryant officially suspended without pay for a minimum of one year . OK ,  let's get this straight once and for all Jets added WR Shaq Evans to injured reserve ,  not waivedinjured . Apologies for confusion . Antonio Brown ,  @RosenhausSports and @JasonRosenhaus putting pen to paper on richest WR deal in NFL history . Spike Lee  Brian Hyland created film on Jackie Robinson's son ,  David ,  and his life in Tanzania. and of the ...  Thieves break into DeMarcus Ware's home during Monday's game . Patriots released WR Brandon LaFell and TE Scott Chandler ,  per @MikeReiss and me . ICYMI How Dallas almost missed on Dak  over and over   . Falcons are signing back their former LB Sean Weatherspoon ,  per source . Jaguars announced they signed former Steelers DT Ziggy Hood . Tre Mason and Greg Robinson go together from Auburn to St . Louis . Teammates again . RT @ProFootballTalk Brandon Marshall's testimony can be heard on Internet  . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . Ummm ,  @darrenrovell is an animal  ?  Not sure if there's any other explanation ...  Wednesday's headliners Aaron Hernandez ,  Chip Kelly ,  Mark Sanchez . All share same agent Dave Dunn . It's fun to say medial collateral ligament . It's not fun to hurt medial collateral ligament . Andy Reid  on RB Jamaal Charles' uncertain status for week 1  . Falcons making strong push to sign Giants free agent DE Osi Umenyiora and are trying to wrap up a deal with him before end of the weekend . Packers WR Geronimo Allison suspended for first game regular season for violating the NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . Rams have reached an agreement to play a home game at Wembley Stadium in London each of the next three seasons through 2014.Help friends find IrmaTony Soto from Utuado Puerto Rico . Family hasnt heard from them since Hurricane Maria . Pls call or text 646 417 2144 . Former Chiefs and Texans OT Eric Winston also visited the Titans today . And we have another deal for another first round pick Titans reached agreement with DE Derrick Morgan on a five year contract . Aaron Rodgers on feedback he has gotten from his 'Relax' comments earlier in seasonPeople were impressed I remembered how to spell it.Dolphins' WR DeVante Parker  hamstring  and G Laremy Tunsil  abdomen  ,  both questionable for today ,  both expected to play ,  per sources . Former Texans center Chris Myers is visiting the Seahawks today ,  per source . Eagles reached agreement with former Giants and Seahawks CB Walter Thurmond ,  per source . Thurmond now teams up again with Byron Maxwell . Along with Hakeem Nicks ,  Saints also working out WRs Denarius Moore and Vincent Brown . Jaguars EVP Tom Coughlin at his best at his introductory presser this week While I am thrilled to be back ,  ...  RT @swit13 What happened to rb Phillip Tanner  ?   ...  Cowboys put him on IR over the weekend . Down to Felix Jones as only healthy RB . RT @nfldraftboard Johnson is bad character guy and the Rooney family would never have him . &lt  Really  ?  They considered signing Mike Vick . RT @briansechrest @AdamSchefter  I figured Dan would have hired Tom Cruise as the new GM .  ...  Nope ,  Bruce Allen's his top gun . There are now three remaining unsigned first round picks Detroit's Ndamukong Suh ,  Seattle's Russell Okung and Buffalo's C.J . Spiller . Lions HC Jim Schwartz Mikel Leshoure tore his achilles in practice today . He's going to be out for the season.How important is Tony Romo to Dallas  ?  Since Romos first career start in 2006 ,  the Cowboys are 77 48 when he plays and 6 9 when he doesnt . An expanded postcard from the Detroit Lions camp in Allen Park ,  Mich . How sweet does this sound  ?  Eagles officially set to report to training camp on Wednesday at Lehigh University . Programming note ESPN airing special at 330 ET called The Champions ,  interviewing our eight analysts with 19 Super Bowl rings . Good TV . Panthers have given forms of their playbook to Cam Newton ,  Blaine Gabbert ,  Ryan Mallett . Each will be tested on it on visit to Carolina . DeMarco Murray now over 100 yards rushing for sixth straight games to open season ,  tying Jim Brown record in 1958.Browns DT Shaun Rogers will NOT be suspendedbut he will be fined due toan offseason arrest for carrying a gun through an airport . truce  ?  Jerramy Stevens   that's a blast from the past . There's 1.5 billion sitting in the NFL checking account ,  now ready to be sent to clubs for the new CBA   that's 45 million per club . Dolphins C Mike Pouncey has a small fracture in his hip and is scheduled to undergo a CT scan this week could miss another week or two . One more former Charger RT @RapSheet Welker  RT @Guam929 If Chargers would have kept Carney ,  who knows  !   ,  ,  ,  And Brees . And Michael Turner . Just asked @WendiNixESPN about Coach Ditka smoking his cigar on set Sunday . Her response I had ashes all over my coat.Some coaches in AFC North texted they're very relieved that LB Kamerion Wimbley is out of their division . Wimbley now AFC West's problem . I'm told he's fine ,  ready to start ,  but we'll see Sunday . RT @KingZor @AdamSchefter Is Aaron Rodgers Injury Serious  ?  Bills RB C.J . Spiller is inactive . NFL believes Ravens were aware of non contact practice rules but still moved forward ,  which will factor into any potential discipline . Former Colts RB Zurlon Tipton died today in an accidental shooting at a Michigan car dealership ...  Would be an upset if the Eagles took CB Jimmy Smith ,  as much as many think it makes sense . Raiders already have tacked one more year on to Jason Campbell's contract ,  tying him to Oakland through the 2011 season . #nfldraft . 8th Circuit ruled NFL cannot lockout players not under contract   i.e . rookies ,  free agents   because there is no employment relationship . RT @smoothk0013 What is the name of your podcast so I can check it out .  ...  For anyone that wants to hear exact words  . Just like kickoffs pushed back today to 3 and 630 ET ,  Sunday NFL Countdown pushed back to noon ,  when it goes straight up to AFC Champ game . Steelers nose tackle ,  Chris Hoke ,  has announced that he will retire after 11 seasons with Pittsburgh . From NFL ...  RT @realfreemancbs Williams told investigators he was rolling the dice with player safety and someone could have been maimed.Ravens and WR Steve Smith reached agreement . He's a Raven . A replacement for Lechler . RT @caplannfl Former Vikings P Chris Kluwe signed with the Raiders  . Lions website announced a 5 year deal for former WR Golden Tate . Prediction they get paid for this work . RT @ChrisJohnson28 Me and @Revis24 just finished a commercial for dicks sporting good in NYC . Filed to ESPN it's official . LaDainian Tomlinson is a Jet . He reached agreement on a two year contract . Done . Former Giants TE Brandon Myers reached agreement on a 2 year ,  4 million deal with Bucs ,  per sources . The Chiefs claimed former Broncos quarterback Kyle Orton on waivers today ,  according to an NFL source . Former Redskins QB Pat White is leaving Buffalo to go for his scheduled workout Tuesday with the Raiders . one . Filed to ESPN DeMarco Murray ,  en route now to Philly ,  is expected to sign with Eagles ,  per source . Washington cut QB Kellen Clemens ,  LB H.B . Blades ,  G Artis Hicks and NT Anthony Bryant . Bills WR Jordan Matthews is expected to undergo thumb surgery ,  as @SalSports said ,  to have a pin inserted . Matthews could be out a month . Panthers RB DeAngelo Williams officially active . everyone . Once we get to Cowboys Stadium ,  we'll post pictures of the Super Day at my FB  . So there's the transaction Browns waived WR Terrelle Pryor to claim former Seahawks RB Robert Turbin off waivers . WHOS IN  ?  College Football Selection Committees work cut out for it ... In one week ,  Andrew Hawkins received masters degree in sports mgmt from Columbias School of Professional Studies and a contract from Pats . Magistrate orders that Vilma discovery against Goodell cease . Will rule next week about discovery against Gregg Willia  . Raiders signed former Notre Dame RBKR George Atkinson III ,  whose father George spent 10 seasons  1968 77  as a safety for Silver and Black . Total Access RGIII rehabs on his new documentary Will To Win tonight on ESPN ...  On day Seahawks give DE Cliff Avril a two year ,  15 million contract ,  Niners host visits with CB Nnamdi Asomugha ,  S Louis Delmas . Filed to ESPN Jim Harbaugh is expected to agree to a five year contract with the 49ers . Andrew Luck will not play today ,  per @mortreport . Chiefs have given Dolphins permission to talk to OT Branden Albert to help facilitate a trade for a 2nd rd pick ,  per John Clayton . As NY Daily News reported ,  Steelers re signed WR Jericho Cotchery to a two year deal . QB Colt McCoy is re signing with Washington ,  per source . Goes in as backup to Kirk Cousins . Ravens' rookie RB Kenneth Dixon is expected to miss four weeks with an MCL tear that will not require surgery ,  per source . At no . 209 in the 7th round ,  the Bills drafted Troy QB Levi Brown . #nfldraft . Staredown Mike Holmgren wants to know his plans by Christmas . Seahawks proceeding methodically in their GM search . Two different agendas . Jets S Jim Leonhard goes down with injury ,  out Monday night . Ouch . Buffalo lost a great one Larry Felser ,  a pioneer football reporter and fine Buffalo News columnist . RIP . Bengals announced they signed TE Tyler Eifert of Notre Dame ,  their first round selection in the 2013 NFL Draft . Dolphins DC Vance Joseph is scheduled for an HC interview Tuesday with the Denver Broncos ,  per league source . How tonight's Heisman finalists   Marcus Mariota ,  Melvin Gordon ,  Amari Cooper   project to NFL . Chiefs CB Marcus Peters spoke on behalf of Raiders RB Marshawn Lynch during todays appeal ,  as @JayGlazer said . Al Davis never would believe . Oakland finally made a coaching decision  !  It hired former NYG D line coach Mike Waufle ,  a former Oakland asst ,  as Raiders D line coach . Raiders have released OC Greg Knapp ,  special teams coordinator Steve Hoffman ,  IL coach Frank Pollack and linebackers coach Johnny Holland . Packers announced WR Greg Jennings already has been ruled out this week . Pat Shurmur's deal should not be hard in Clev . Ron Rivera got four years ,  11.2 million as first time HC . Shurmur gets four years ,  11.2.Eagles Browns in Week 1 now features both starting QBs that were previously No . 2 overall picks . If he's in the draft ,  absolutely RT @Mondo20 @AdamSchefter in reality ,  will crabtree even get drafted in the first round next season  ?  Things that make you go hmmm Vikings' GM Rick Spielman and HC Mike Zimmer worked out MSU DT Malik McDowell at his pro day today . A heck of a Super Bowl story on a Saints road to recovery that will get lots of deserved attention this week . Supposed to but don't know if it will be very much . RT @JGsportsguy @AdamSchefter  Any word on if Felix Jones is playing this weekend  ?  RT @BrianRobison RT @bbarnes333 Schef ,  Vikes DE @BrianRobison celebrating his 3 year anniversary today . Why no ESPN coverage  ?   ...  Done  !  July 4 Lou Gehrigs Luckiest Man speech ,  Dave Righettis no hitter ,  and Mets Braves 19 inning marathon in 1985. #sticktofootballschefter . Feels so far and so close . But NFL season kicks off 50 days from today ... World Cup ,  Wimbledon ,  NBA Draft ,  NBA free agency ,  opening of ESPN's new studios ... a rare time the NFL takes a backseat . RT @RichCimini The Jets have traded Drew Stanton to the Colts ,  the Jets announced . Darren Sharper could be facing stiffer sentence in rape case ...  For Broncos bashers   or anyone who wants a smile RT @DrewLitton Added a brand new Broncos cartoon on the blog at  . Dolphins fear Ryan Tannehill will need season ending knee surgery ,  but no decision on it has been made ,  sources tell @JeffDarlington and me . Bills WR Stevie Johnson missed practice today and will miss Thursday to attend a funeral in Ca . Johnson will be ...  Patriots have 35% odds of winning Super Bowl ,  per @numberFire estimates . Second are Cowboys at 20.1% ,  Falcons third at 18.7%. Let fun begin . Always an argument starter John Clayton's QB rankings    . Here's the working link to check out ... UABracket Busters ... Seattle OL coach Alex Gibbs ,  an all time great assistant coach ,  abruptly resigned a week before Seahawks opening game . More at ESPN.com . While WR Vincent Jacksons name has been focus of trade speculation ,  the Buccaneer more likely to be dealt is RB Doug Martin . Teams calling . Definition of family life now have one wife ,  two kids and three dogs at duck pond . Crazy and peaceful ,  if possible . Rams worst injury was to CB Ron Bartel . Steve Spagnuolo said Bartel has a couple of small fractures in his neck and could miss season . Feeling in Browns building is that ,  when Eric Mangini makes his QB announcement Wednesday ,  it'll be Brady Quinn . And with Vikings QB Matt Cassel breaking his foot ,  it's now Tedy Bridgewater's job in Minnesota . Turns out Wes Welker will miss 4 straight games against teams that won 10 or more games last season Colts ,  Chiefs ,  Seahawks ,  Cardinals . RT @Edwerderespn With LT Chris Clady out with Lisfranc foot sprain ,  Broncos worked out Winston Justice yesterday . And I should have included LB Von Miller on Denver's list of candidates at No . 2. He absolutely belongs ,  too . Even with Peyton Manning out Sunday vs . CHIC ,  Broncos will not sign another QB . Trevor Siemian ,  a 7th rd pick from Northwestern ,  will backup . As @mikereiss reported ,  Jaguars now have claimed BOTH former Pats DLs ,  Kyle Love and Brandon Deadrick ,  on waivers . Seahawks DE Frank Clark takes aim at reporter over domestic violence article . Rams cut former Jets first round pick Vernon Gholston . Falcons expect WR Michael Jenkins to play today ,  even though he was added to injury report with virus . Jenkins is feeling much better today . Gruden Camp with Terrelle Pryor airs next Thursday at 9 pm ET on ESPN ,  then 10 pm on ESPN2. Pryor was enthused ,  engaged ,  intelligent ,  great . Buffalo tagging S Jairus Byrd means Bills G Andy Levitre is free to leave and he will be one of the hottest free agents on the market . This was first report Jets would start Petty . And it is happening . Asked chances of OBJ playing tonight vs . Cowboys ,  one source texted ,  What are the chances of you going to Cuba next month for vacation ? Bills signed QB Gibran Hamdan to the 53 man roster and placed CB Terrence McGee on Injured Reserve . After two weeks ,  the ESPN Week 3 NFL Power Rankings   . From this point on ,  ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown is commercial free for last hour of show . What must this man be thinking about now ...  ?  Elvis Dumervil's four sacks tied a Broncos single game record last achieved by LBDE Simon Fletcher  1985 95  at San Diego  111190 .me . mcardin15 @AdamSchefter is Boldin playing  ?  &lt  Think so ,  but won't know officially till tonight . No inactives till 90 minutes before kick . No team in the Divisional Playoff Round ever has overcome a 31 point deficit . And here it is Sources confirm DAL WAS will be moved to primetime in Week 17. GB MIN will move to 425 ET . Which 16 year dynasty reigns supreme Patriots or Yankees ? Seahawks are signing former Eagles first round pick Marcus Smith ,  per source . Smith cleared waivers Thursday . A TV standout ,  @TurnerSportsEJ writes ,  too Unscripted The Unpredictable Moments That Make Life Extraordinary. In other years ,  there were NFL asst coaches sure to get a HC job that year . This year ,  there's not one asst coach sure to be an HC . RT @Culpfixtion Running late there Adam ,  You're usually on top of things ,  you feeling ok  ?   ...  Please excuse me for sleeping a few hours . If Carolina were to a play a game tonight   and fortunately it does not   its starting WRs would be Tavarres King and Marvin McNutt . Happy football ,  everyone . Life is beautiful . RT @tthasselbeck Just witnessed @marcelluswiley say hello beautiful to everyone in the cafe . Other season ending injuries RT @totha Don't forget WRKR Domenik Hixon and  very sadly  S Chad Jones .  ...  And Titans CB Rod Hood . NFL Live at 7 pm . on ESPN2   roundtable conversation with Drew Brees ,  Brian Dawkins ,  Mike Vrabel ,  Domonique Foxworth ,  Jeff Saturday . Texans OT David Quessenberry will be placed on the NFLs Non Football Illness List after being diagnosed with lymphoma . Bears elevated RB Kahlil Bell from the practice squad to the active roster and placed RB Garrett Wolfe on injured reserve today.RT @twit2rich What about the Bengals  ?  Was the first week just pure luck  ?   ...  Not at all . Impressive . Love to the Bengals . Bucs officially ruled out RB Doug Martin  hamstring  and DE Robert Ayers  hamstring  for Sunday vs Denver . Roger Goodell says NFL remains very committed to Thursday Night Football . Despite player complaints ,  no end to it in sight . Please send your suggested name for the last play of PatriotsPanthers game . Please tweet @ESPNNFL using #MNFEnding . Boston PD has located red SUV with RI plates it was looking for as identified in July 2012 homicide . Aaron Hernandez rented it . More O line woes for Bills . RT @buffalobillscom Perry Fewell said on Monday that OL Seth McKinney has suffered a season ending knee injury . Baltimore and its top pick Sergio Kindle are negotiating a contract for only unsigned pick from 2010 draft . A one year deal is the focus . Redskins fired Mike Shanahan ,  as Washington Post is reporting . Broncos QB Brock Osweiler is likely to start Sunday vs Washington ,  per league source . fun . How NFL coaching searches played out . Thursday Blitz Two common threads in NFL's Elite Eight ... Saints announced today that they have agreed to terms on a one year contract with QB Chase Daniel . Redskins have hired former Cowboys offensive coordinator Bill Callahan ,  per @Edwerderespn . Quite a 12 hour period . Ken Whisenhunt fired . Colin Kaepernick benched . Trade deadline still to come at 4 today . No offer sheet for Giants WR Victor Cruz ,  Chargers WR Danario Alexander ,  or any RFA WR  a la Mike Wallace last year . Nothing to see here . Doug Marrone says EJ Manuel has a LCL sprain ...  No surgery ...  Can't play for a few weeks ...  Says Bills looking for another QB . I . Ravens LB Paul Kruger on Terrell Suggs to @notthefakeSVP He looked real strong in practice hes been running around  . Renee Elise Goldsberry ,  Jasmine Cephas Jones ,  Phillipa Soo   cast members of Hamilton   will sing America the Beautiful at Super Bowl LI . Once Denver uses franchise tag on Von Miller ,  QB Brock Osweiler and DE Malik Jackson then would be poised to hit free agent market . Winners and losers from Bills ,  Rams ,  Eagles mega trades ,  via @billbarnwell . Marshawn Lynch argued that 9 players ,  including Aaron Donald and Taylor Lewan last season ,  made contact with an official none suspended . Text from NFL exec Just heard Mort on Jim Schwartz . I believe he is right . The Fords can not be happy.It's on ESPN.com . RT @savagedoo @AdamSchefter for us in the uk ,  what's the new cable story on espn  ?  Carolina paying Jake Delhomme on Sunday ,  Buffalo already working on its future QB ,  and the woeful NFC West .  Giants LB Antonio Pierce had his day yesterday ,  and now Giants QB Eli Manning is about to have his . Vikings announced Josh Freeman suffered a concussion Monday night and if he cannot play Sunday ,  Christian Ponder would . Richard Marshall just tweeted that he reached agreement on a three year deal with Miami . RT @EricStangel NFL now offering seatless fans future SuperBowl tix ,  plus airfare ,  hotel ,  & will be fed popcorn at game by Cameron Diaz . To make room for RB Adrian Peterson ,  Cardinals released RB Chris Johnson . The two RBs connected in past connected again in different way . Bengals Ravens game will not be blacked out and will air live on Cincinnati TV . Broncos believe in RB Montee Ball . With Knowshon Moreno off to Miami ,  Ball's time to shine . Something to watch courtesy of @footballfacts Drew Brees outside in 2011 95.7 passer rating . Alex Smith at home 99.8 passer rating . The hoarse Cris Carter sounds as if he's questionable for Thursday night's pre game show on ESPN . the best part of my job is getting @tthasselbeck coffee in the morning .  i also like delivering @mortreport his newspaper . Steelers HC Mike Tomlin on the idea of a Super Bowl in New York A Super Bowl anywhere is interesting to me.And there it is for those who missed it Aaron Hernandez found guilty of first degree murder . Waiting for confirmation ,  but ... RT @MichaelDavSmith Raiders coach Tom Cable will not be charged . Steelers QB Dennis Dixon underwent arthroscopic surgery on his lateral meniscus today and is expected to miss three weeks . Who'd have thought it Through three games this season ,  the Packers have yet to score in the 1st quarter . Falcons OT Tyson Clabo ,  OG Harvey Dahl ,  OG Quinn Ojinnaka ,  and RB Jason Snelling each signed his tender today . RT @hontnickali60 please answer  !  What free agents are ravens likly gonna pick up  ?   ...  Their own  !  Trying to keep Grubbs  !  Teams tweaking and improving rosters RT @Ravens Brandon Stokley is coming back to Baltimore . Ravens sign veteran WR to 1 year deal . Broncos are releasing CB Champ Bailey ,  as @JasonLaCanfora reported . Denver frees up 10 million in cap space but loses a leader . Sound advice . RT @Marcusfitz1 If your girl can name a players' contract before Adam Schefter can break the news ... #getouttherelationship . AFC's top seeds as of today 1. Texans 2. Ravens 3. Patriots 4. Broncos 5. Steelers 6. Jets . Browns officially have fired Rob Chudzinski . Broncos QB Trevor Siemian to the locker room on a cart . Paxton Lynch now in game . Bengals DT Devon Still's pep talk to 4 yr old daughter ,  Leah ,  before trip to the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia . For those wondering False report of a bomb threat is punishable by up to a year in jail . Sounds like Dave Wannstedt's deal in Buffalo will get done ,  as FOX reported . But Wannstedt ,  Bills HC Chan Gailey still finalizing deal now . 49ers and Colin Kaepernick met last week and team expressed its open to bringing him back ,  per sources . Door not closed on return to SF . So to start the morning ,  Darnell Dockett is now a 49er and Vince Wilfork is a former Patriot . And the day is young ... Ryan Fitzpatrick replaces injured Jameis Winston in second half . Rams DEs Chris Long and William Hayes Life On The Streets.Don't be surprised if Arizona's Max Hall now winds up starting just like his fellow rookie QBs Sam Bradford and Jimmy Clausen . Lions DE Ziggy Ansah ,  listed as Q for today's game vs Arizona ,  is active . NFL Insiders on ESPN now . Lotsa stuff . Marshawn Lynch could be subject to significant fine for wearing unauthorized BeastMode hat to Media Day ,  per @darrenrovell and I . Signs of hope at QB in Oakland RT @OAKRAIDERS JaMarcus Russell finished 711 for 76 yards and a 24 yard TD pass to rookie WR Louis Murphy . Raiders worked out their former center Jake Grove today . Hard to imagine when this day began that the Washington Redskins would be as well positioned as they now are to challenge in the NFC East . Tim Ruskell and Bears GM Jerry Angelo worked together in Tampa for years and now will be reunited in Chicago . More NFC East QB news  !  RT @espnmacmahon Tony Romo takes knee ,  gets engaged  . RT @taniaganguli If Colts lose ,  Jaguars will be in 1st place in AFC South ,  making this the latest they've ever led div under Jack Del Rio . Raiders and Aldon Smith have agreement in place ,  source told ESPN . Smith was spotted at team building today ,  trying to finalize deal . Not surprising but now official Colts QB Peyton Manning out week 1 versus the Texans . RT @tunasweasel can't make this stuff up . @mortreport vs @adamschefter in semifinals of our fantasy league . One of them won't sleep this wk . Bucs TE Austin Seferian Jenkins suffered strained shoulder expected to sideline him 4 6 weeks ,  per source . Doctor's 2nd opinion coming . Texans claimed LB Ricky Sapp off waivers from Jets and released RB Ray Graham NY waived Sapp to make room for S Ed Reed . First of what will be many interesting cuts Cowboys told Igor Olshansky that he will be released today . Ravens expected to start RB Terrance West and have Kenneth Dixon ,  listed as Q with knee injury ,  back him up today vs . Wash. ,  per source . everyone . Brother of Bucs' WR Mike Williams surrenders in stabbing ...  Former Rams' LB James Laurinaitis is scheduled to fly to New Orleans tonight to visit with Saints on Tuesday ,  per source . Next 30 for 30 project ,  airing this winter ,  will be The Two Bills ,  about Bill Parcells and Bill Belichick ...  Redskins make it official ,  announce they have signed former Saints linebacker Junior Galette . NFL now initiating a review of medical team's response to Cam Newton tackle ,  under procedure set forth by collective bargaining agreement . RT @MightyMaurer Chances Brian Dawkins and Andre Goodman both play  ?   ...  Not sure on Dawkins ,  but Goodman will be good to go . Bills announced they placed QB Kevin Kolb ,  WR Brad Smith and RB Drew Smith on Injured Reserve . Why Richard Sherman can't let go of Seattle's Super Bowl loss ...  Atlanta Falcons President Rich McKay has been named the chairman of the NFL Competition Committee ,  the NFL announced today . Doesn't sound like Anquan Boldin going anywhere . Two sides closing in on deal to keep Boldin in SF ,  per sources . Deal expected to get done . Cardinals announced they traded 2018 pick to KC for former Chiefs CB Marcus Cooper . NFL Week 1 ...  Albany . NFL would have to provide permission for Patriots to reinstate suspended employees John Jastremski and Jim McNally . Mort & Schefter's Week 6 NFL notebook Mike Zimmer channeling his inner Bill Parcells . Texans QB Brandon Weeden starts today vs Tenn his backup will be BJ Daniels ,  whom Houston signed off Seattles PS this week . Hoyer out . Joint statement from John Mara and Art Rooney III Commissioner Goodell called us on Wednesday evening and ...  How the Jaguars helped shape the Patriots with @RobGronkowski and @Edelman11 . Limited practice today due to back injury . We'll learn more this week RT @rj1975 @AdamSchefter Adam what are you hearing about AP  ?  No charges will be filed against 49ers WR Michael Crabtree after allegation of a sexual assault investigation ,  as sources suspected . Seahawks practices all summer were at 1015 am PT ,  to get their biological clocks ready for today's 1 ET start time . Stunning story on Steve McNair ,  who tragically was shot and killed . QB Matt Moore is re signing with the Miami Dolphins ,  per source . Colts placed QB Kerry Collins on IR in what probably is a wrap on a solid career . Statement from Vikings' QB Teddy Bridgewater  . Six Points Calvin Johnson could be elsewhere in 2016.In his first game as Browns GM ,  John Dorsey faces the Packers ,  the franchise he played for for five seasons and sc  . RT @OneRamsWay Hasselbeck doing quite a bit in warmups . Chance he'll go here .  ...  Sense around league always has been that he would . The Shawshank Redemption added to National Film Registry ,  meaning Library of Congress now will preserve it . As it should be . All time movie . NFL fined Cardinals DT Darnell Dockett 5,000 for tweeting before Sunday's game and violating its social media policy . RT @espnnfcsouth Panthers have to make plans without Kemoeatu    . Jim Harbaugh spelled out his future today What will happen ,  will happen . What won't happen ,  won't happen.Now @mortreport reports Browns WR Nate Burleson fractured arm   same arm he hurt last yr   in OTAs . Expected back for training camp . Still .. Ravens spokesman said LB Terrell Suggs will not play today vs . Washington . NFL has looked at Art Briles now it can look at his new book ,  Beating Goliath ,  released today ,  written w Don Yeager  . Bears linebacker Brian Urlacher has a Grade 2 hamstring tear that usually sidelines players three to six weeks . Friday's 10 Spot Power of Patriots ,  Randy Moss in Tenn. ,  Cleveland's startling passing stats ,  Stat of Season on Hines . Saints TE Jimmy Graham and LB Jonathan Vilma both active Saints S Roman Harper is not . Louis Delmas signed a one year ,  3.5 million deal with Dolphins . O line injuries abound . Turns out that Raiders G Robert Gallery underwent surgery today to have a plate put in his leg   out 4 to 6 weeks . Chargers signed free agent quarterback J.T . OSullivan to a one year contract . With Jeff Fisher duck hunting today ,  he and Brian Schottenheimer are scheduled to meet about Rams OC job tonight . RT @rdljr75 Reading ur transcript chat . Someone asked about Ryan torain . Didn't see answer .  ...  Sorry . If he stays healthy ,  he'll be good . Detroit now 5 4 despite trailing in 4th qtr of every game this season . The 0 9 Browns only other NFL team to trail in 4th qtr of every game . Goodbye to some real pros ...  RT @ProFootballWkly From publisher Hub Arkush ,  Pro Football Weekly says goodbye    . NFL fined Redskins OC Kyle Shanahan 25,000 ,  it is expected to fine Patriots HC Bill Belichick ,  and it did not fine Ravens HC John Harbaugh . From overwhelming the orange to getting doused in orange ...  Nope ,  that deadline passed in mid August . RT @joesdiner @AdamSchefter Can't 49ers still trade rights to Crabtree  ?  First three picks  and draft not going way I thought    Michael Turner ,  Aaron Rodgers ,  Vincent Jackson . Major run on WRs in this draft . ESPN Insider is running a holiday special   19.95 for one year ,  half off regular price . Sign up here  . Rams surprise coming ... Former Dolphins linebacker Akin Ayodele is schedued to visit the 49ers on Monday . RT @darrenrovell1 Source on Plaxico's last supper meal @ Del Frisco's Crab cake appetizer ,  oysters ,  shrimp remoulade and bone in ribeye . Vikings gave Harrison Smith 5 year ,  51.25 million extension that includes a 10 million signing bonus and 15.27 fully gtd ,  per source . Despite any issues he had with his team at mini camp ,  Vikings WR Percy Harvin plans to report to training camp ,  per team source . Funny how no one is even mentioning that the Patriots now get to play the Jets ,  who beat New England earlier this season . About to go on 101 ESPN radio in St . Louis . Please listen in . No surprise but official Aaron Hernandez cleared waivers . Chargers officially have placed running back Danny Woodhead on injured reserve . RT @mortreport A very high ranking Eagles source says No on report that Eagles are seriously thinking about releasing Michael Vick . Judge cannot extend the temporary restraining order in the Ezekiel Elliott case ,  so she must rule tonight ,  per source . RT @judybattista It's like a bad game of telephone.  ...  Worse . Bberry blowing up with reports I never reported . Person familar with Giants RB Ahmad Bradshaw's injury texted this Not serious injury   should play Sunday . No surgery  needed .Filed to ESPN Denver Broncos waived quarterback Kyle Orton today . The newest NFL HC with a new deal . RT @ttwentyman Source Lions sign Jim Schwartz to a new multi year contract extension . Colts RB Joseph Addai is active ,  though it is uncertain how much Indianapolis will rely on him . Friends in Philly have spotted billboards that say ,  hide your beagle ,  Vick's an eagle.Safety issues are a big part of todays discussions . Sides seeking to improve the culture of football . With Cowboys K Dan Bailey nursing back injury ,  Dallas working out group of kickers ,  including former Bears K Robbie Gould ,  per source . Ravens picked up contract option for WR Mike Wallace to return to team in 2017.Dolphins host Jets in London on Oct . 4 ,  2015 Jags host Bills there Oct . 25 Chiefs host Lions in London Nov 1 ,  2015.Former Pats DE Mark Anderson signs 4 yr deal with Buffalo . Here's all you need to know about this game . RT @FOBBarnwell Giants have nine sacks in the first half . Jaguars had 14 sacks last SEASON . Vikings re signed RFA RB Matt Asiata Lions did same with WR Jeremy Ross and Browns re signed RFA LB Craig Robertson . As Kevin Seifert wrote on  . Packers safety Atari Bigby signed his tender with Green Bay today and will be at training camp on time . Walked into ESPN green room this am and spotted another sign the baseball men worked late last night ...  No need for Bob Arum to promote it ,  but Andre Johnson vs . Cortland Finnegan ,  The Next Round ,  is set for Dec . 19.Shout out to some reporters who did a superb job on NFL NFLRA story ,  starting with @mortreport and including @RecordTara and @MarkMaske . Former Saints safety Darren Sharper ,  a five time Pro Bowl selection who spent last season with the Saints ,  now plans to retire . Phil Mickelson said he is skipping the U.S . Open to attend his daughter's HS graduation ...  Bucs placed second round pick ,  DT Brian Price ,  on Injured Reserve with a pelvic injury . Patriots do not intend to try to recoup the 1st  and 4th round draft pick losses and 1 million that NFL took from them in Deflategate case . Green Bay trades 3 picks to New England for Pats' 5th . GB then drafts LB Terrell Manning ,  the 10th defensive player GB and NE have drafted . Notable inactives WR Pierre Garcon ,  OT Wayne Hunter . Actives WRs Vincent Jackson and Hakeem Nicks . RB Taiwan Jones getting released from Raiders ,  per source . Patriots director of player personnel Nick Caserio ,  has signed a contract extension with NE that runs through 2020 season ,  per NFL sources . Raiders have signed fourth round draft pick Tyler Wilson ,  General Manager Reggie McKenzie announced Tuesday . Much easier to spell Chudzinski on a non I Phone keyboard ... What  ?  Classic  . Browns QB Brock Osweiler is starting Cleveland's preseason opener against the Saints . Panthers C Ryan Kalil took an ad out in today's Observer saying the Panthers will win this season's Super Bowl . 49ers president Jed York plans to contact Bill Parcells for his thoughts on SF VP of personnel Trent Baalke ,  whom Parcells once hired in NY . Eagles acquire S David Sims from Cleveland for a conditional draft pick in 2013.Free agent TE Brandon Manumaleuna on his way to Chicago . Bears could have him and WR Devin Aromashodu . Good luck to the play by play man . Bills RB LeSean McCoy ,  who injured his knee ,  will not return to the game . And definitely this   the winner . RT @LisaMBasquez Getting your childs' clean bill of health . Their choice . Could have paid him . Simply did not value him the way Eagles did . Seattle traded a 5th round pick to KC for safety Kelcie McCray . Seahawks needed safety help . Dion Lewis is active for Patriots ,  setting him up to make his season debut today vs . 49ers . Bill Belichick on former Patriots G Logan Mankins Logan Mankins is everything we would ever want in a football ...  Falcons owner Arthur Blank announced he has a treatable form of prostate cancer . Even though many view this as a PR move ,  it still is the right thing to do . What do you think  ?  Cardinals and Larry Fitzgerald closing in on multi year deal that will get done and enable him to finish his career in Arizona . Seahawks have called a 130 ET press conference for Friday . No one saying anything so my guess is contract extension for HC Pete Carroll . RT @AntonioPierce Up early this morning recapping games @espn @SportsCenter with @AdamSchefter @merrilhoge @sagesteele and Hannah Storm . Text on Seahawks S Earl Thomas ,  who has a dislocated shoulder Earl will play in the Super Bowl ,  dont even waste any time on the story.RT @TheRedzoneorg Joe Skelton to start for the Cardinals at quarterback   . Drew Rosenhaus has confirmed former Colts DT Ricky Jean Francois' 3 year ,  9 million deal that includes 4 mil guaranteed with Redskins . These HS photos are priceless  and embarrassing  RT @CougarNationJFK @AdamSchefter and @espnSteveLevy are coming home  !  Expected to be 1st time Peyton Manning has dressed as a backup since Sept . 24 ,  1994 ,  when he backed up Todd Helton as a Tennessee freshman . Titans RB Chris Johnson needs 270 more yards   a good Jerome Harrison day   to rush for 2,000 this season . Next game Xmas night vs . SD . Unable to confirm this . RT @Hogan8r Rumors swirling that Bam Morris worked out for the Bengals today  !  Cards S Adrian Wilson was fined 10,000 for unnecessary roughness . On a pass play ,  he unnecessarily struck Vernon Davis . Two years to this exact date ,  Bernie Madoff's Ponzi scheme first was publicized . And two years later ,  he has lost one of his two sons . First Super Bowl OT . What NFL players ,  coaches are saying about Week 3 protests . Headlines coming on Sunday NFL Countdown @mortreport and I talking Bill Cowher ,  Mike Holmgren ,  Jim Zorn and other newsy nuggets . RT @mortreport As I said on radio last night ,  Chiefs & Larry Johnson settle 2 weeks but just 1 game check . Filed to Espn & Espn.com . Gronk lays waste to Julian Edelman on Instagram ...  Steelers and DE Brett Keisel have reached agreement . Keisel back to Pittsburgh ,  per league source . Broncos vets go in two weeks ,  except if you're Brandon Marshall . He needs to be there early to rehab hip injury and relationships . RT @MoreauArt Hey Adam ,  I would love to donate a painting to your Twitter Auctions if money goes to @bestbudies .  ...  Deal if anyone pays . With Jason Campbell taking backup QB spot in Chicago ,  that leaves Kyle Orton's main option as the Dallas Cowboys . Former Seahawks' OT Russell Okung's 5 year contract with the Denver Broncos contains not one dollar of guaranteed money . Happy holidays RT @MMcCarthyUSAT NFL will announce its offering fans full refund for all general admission tix to games canceled in 2011.Watch our friend as he prepares to re enter our football world RT @OGOchoCinco Going on Good Morning America in 8 minutes with@cherylburke1 . Love what Seattle wants to do   WR Golden Tate . Team failed to land Brandon Marshall but it gets a good one in Tate . #nfldraft . John Fox will be only 2nd HC in NFL history not to return to his team after three straight 12 win seasons the other ,  Tony Dungy ,  retired . Link to todays NFL Insiders podcast  . RT @Cumbleton  June 3rd no longer important  ?   ...  It is . But no ruling expected until July . So for now ,  have a nice holiday weekend . Crowder ,  by the way ,  was Denver's former second round pick . For whatever reason ,  he struggled with the Broncos . Killing me have mold in my home office and need to pack up the bookshelves so bookcases can be removed ...  Now I can enjoy last 12 days before I start at ESPN on Aug . 17. Have the free time I expected . No longer have to go to Twitter Rehab . Sweet  !  Keep in mind Conference call tonight with Plaintiffs can be simply to update them on status isn't automatically to approve any settlement . Special kickoff time tonight for Monday Night Countdown and @CMonManESPN . Please tune in to ESPN at 5 pm ET before MNF doubleheader . Colts re signed veteran K Adam Vinatieri to a two year deal ,  per source . Friday Blitz Chargers' chance to pile up wins ,  QBs from 2012 ,  Lions Jets lines . buddy . Rich . Pittsburgh allowed 55 points and 610 yards of offense in a loss to the Patriots today ,  both the most in Steelers history . And Dallas wins again . And Johnny Manziel suspended first four games of season for violations of substances of abuse . Jermaine Kearse was ready to move on but Seattle came in with a 3 year deal ,  per source . To go along with my new mullet ... RT @alicraw Don't forget to break out your Members Only Jacket .. Buffalo hires a new DC ...  October is Breast Cancer Awareness month . Time to root Christine Zampese ,   Mary Jane Combs ,  anyone else fighting it . Dolphins RB Damien Williams  shoulderillness  and safety Michael Thomas  knee  did not travel to Buffalo and will  . RT @lametron Even the President has time to do a bracket  !   ...  That's what worries me   on each end . 49ers RB Frank Gore is active ,  however rookie RB Kendall Hunter will start . Text from someone in room about deal between NFL and NFLRA being signed Categorically untrue. Everyone hopes it's true soon enough . A quick video diagnosis on NaVorro Bowman  . This is interesting Chiefs free agent RB Peyton Hillis is visiting the Green Bay Packers . RT @mortreport So Commish and Union Director finally agree on something   . Sorry for personal tweet but just hung up with friend whose son is sick . Raising awareness and funds . Thank you . Cam Newton vs . Russell Wilson has makings of classic rivalry . Me and Barry Sanders now have something in common . We've each now gone for 2K RT @Skullflag44 One more tweet until 2,000 for you ,  Adam . BREAKING Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow . Six more weeks of winter . Just like Ravens were fortunate to draft Courtney Upshaw before losing Terrell Suggs ,  Giants lucky to get Rueben Randle before losing Nicks . RT @NJGiants Antonio Pierce not indicted on gun possession charges . #nyg . Filed to ESPN Bucs have released QB Josh Freeman . Bucs tried to trade him but couldn't . As @ProFootballWkly reported ,  NFL's trade deadline now officially moved back to Thursday ,  4 pm . RT @pcarney1984 And replace who  ?  Collinsworth is the MAN  !   ...  Love Cris . He's great . Just think Madden belongs in someone's booth . RT @johnelway I am excited to announce that John Fox has agreed to terms to become the 14th head coach in Denver Broncos history . Jaguars HC Mike Mularkey said he expects MJD to be Jacksonville's third down back in opener vs . Minnesota . Prediction After South Carolina DE Jadeveon Clowney's Pro Day today ,  conversation about him going No . 1 will intensify . Jets have told quarterback Tim Tebow that they plan to use him on special teams as the punt protector . Saints OC Pete Carmichael Jr. ,  a BC graduate ,  is on radar of BC athletic dept . as a potential HC ,  per source . Spike had a heck of a run and had a great college career . 49ers are giving John Lynch an almost unprecedented six year deal to become their GM ,  per sources . Today marks 50th anniversary of the announcement of the AFL NFL merger . Feels like these undrafted free agent deals are the pigs in a blanket before the main course . Filed to ESPN 49ers trading a conditional 2015 4th round pick to Buffalo for WR Stevie Johnson ,  per sources . Pick can become a 3rd . Pats TE Rob Gronkowski is in surgery now as we tweet . Bills are retiring Bruce Smiths No . 78 jersey at halftime of team's home opener vs New York Jets on September 15.Jets have 1 pm staff meeting . Jets owner Woody Johnson is in team's training complex when many did not expect to see him till Thursday . Curing #T1D is a cause near to my heart this #GivingTuesday as we close out #NDAM . Learn more about this great cause  . We're on our way ,  @OGOchocinco . And thank you to RT @loudgazelle Thanks for pointing out that charity  I just made a donation in your name . No . 1 suggested caption from follower @FauxAndrewLuck Rest In Peace ,  Cleveland's playoff chances.Recheck those fantasy lineups Mike Sims Walker will be starting for Jacksonville today . Even the team is surprised . NFL doled out 125,000 worth of fines on Favre injury   75k to Jets ,  25k to Mike Tannebaum ,  25k to Eric Mangini . Dolphins director of college scouting Chris Grier is the leading candidate to replace Dennis Hickey as Miami's GM ,  per league sources . Randy Moss and Charles Woodson make mischief at ESPN   The Randy & Charles Show . RT @PoweredByPain who's number 2 ?   ...  Scotty Bowman ,  who has won 223 games ,  one less than Jackson . Dak Prescott still will start Sunday ,  but Tony Romo and Mark Sanchez are expected to see action for how long remains to be determined . Colts are trying to trade for Cowboys CB Mike Jenkins  . Rape charges filed in Las Vegas against former NFL S Darren Sharper ,  who already faces sexual assault charges in LA ,  NO and Phoenix . I'm sick RT @jonasymir Dont you ever sleep Adam  ?  You are awake when we go to sleep here in Iceland ,  and you're still awake when we wake up  !  Back page of Sunday's New York Times Magazine this is big time ,  @bomaniJones . Last shout outs of the day before I go Feed The Baby @MannnyB @Fantasytaz @MaxDeFilippis @BossRaider @IsaiahR81 . week . Worth remembering officials tell the head coaches before every game ,  don't throw the flag on scoring plays or turnovers . And @Edwerderespn is reporting that former Vikings CB Antoine Winfield is close to agreeing to terms with the Seattle Seahawks . Pitt RB James Conner ,  who missed most of 2015 with Hodgkins Lymphoma ,  received a clean scan today ,  a week prior to combine ,  per source . Pats wearing throwback jerseys that make me think of Steve Grogan and Andre Tippett . Rare that a team   no less one with two first round picks   makes a change five weeks before draft . But 49ers are said to be ready for it . Within 24 hours ,  Ravens land WR T.J . Houshmandzadeh and Jets land CB Darrelle Revis . Next Monday night ,  Balt NYJ ,  got more intriguing . From Week 5 17 last season ,  LeSean McCoy ranked 2nd behind only rushing champion DeMarco Murray  1,311  in total rush yds with 1,127.Today was artificial deadline for Browns to blow out their old QBs . Off season program starts today ,  and they didn't want old QBs there . A message for the Dallas Cowboys ...  RT @DalaiLama With inner strength or mental stability ,  we can endure all kinds of adversity . Notable inactives Jets TE Dustin Keller ,  Redskins WR Pierre Garcon ,  TE Kevin Boss ,  RB Rashad Jennings . Hard to imagine ...  RT @TheRedzoneorg Haynesworth's ex wife He thinks he's entitled  . Denver will look back at this as the night it won the AFC West . Ravens S Ed Reed has left Houston to tend to a previous engagement this weekend . Reed and Texans plan to continue talking . Bears prepared to make a major push for Ravens OC Gary Kubiak ,  per source . Kubiak now free to talk with teams about HC vacancies . And not to be forgotten ,  NFLPA Exec . Director DeMaurice Smith and NFLPA execs also attended Gaines Adams' funeral . Strong turnout . Former Seahawks and Cowboys RB Christine Michael cut from Washington's practice squad today ,  per source . An upset of today Steelers RB Jonathan Dwyer signed his sixth round tender for 1.323 million . Didn't want to wait . Wanted to prove point . What a writer . What a career . What a loss.Thoughts and prayers to his family . Also ,  19 defensive backs drafted through 2 rounds shatters Common Draft Era record . 49ers announced they have released CB Shawntae Spencer.Cardinals WR Steve Breaston ,  DT Gabe Watson and C Lyle Sendlein have all signed their one year qualifying offers . Other players that could be traded Jacksonville's Quentin Groves ,  New York's Marques Douglas ,  Baltimore's Antwan Barnes . And so it's Bears vs . Niners ,  Jason Campbell vs . Colin Kaepernick . Five playoff berths have already been clinched . Now the Steelers ,  Cowboys ,  Seahawks ,  Packers can join that group with a win today . Texans become first NFL team in history to score twice in overtime . Alshon Jeffery and Matt Forte both officially inactive . Good morning @Erinandrews and Bourbonnais . It's Bears Day . Here's hoping our bus driver doesn't wind up cleaning up more popcorn today . Please have a better day than Muammar Gaddafi . Bills announced they signed former Cowboys RB Phillip Tanner and placed CJ Spiller on IR designated to return . Redskins S Brandon Meriweather will not play tonight but is likely to be ready for start of regular season . Saints have released QB Seneca Wallace . Here's a better idea . RT @DanielDoelling DONT START WITH THE FAVRE TALKS  !  JUST STOP  !  Thx . Kevin Durant announces he's going to Golden State . Saints HC Sean Payton said RB Pierre Thomas will not play Sunday vs . Arizona . What were odds Terrell Owens and Randy Moss would have jobs while Chad Johnson and Plaxico Burress would be looking for work  ?  Funny league . Patriots also deactivated RBs Kevin Faulk and Laurence Maroney . RT @theiceman2323 Are the rams thinking about Justin Blackmon with the 2nd pick  ?   ...  If they're not ,  they will . First need a GM and HC . Falcons CB Asante Samuel will be active . However Falcons S William Moore will be inactive due to a hamstring injury . CFL eliminating fully padded practices during regular season ,  effective now ...  RT @austinpitts Are rookies allowed to sign with drafted team or that's not allowed till new CBA  ?   ...  Not allowed  lots of not alloweds. Paul Tagliabue vacated all player suspensions in bounty case . Former Cardinals LB Karlos Dansby reached agreement on a 4 yr ,  24M deal including 14M gtd with Cleveland ,  per ESPN sources . Zeke is back off suspension  . On Sirius ,  Colts GM and ESPN analyst Bill Polian just called Robert Mathis the most honorable man I've ever been around. Buys his story . More from Dr . Michael Kaplan on Brett Favre I have to believe this last injury will take him out and compromisee his season.Watching Outside The Lines now   hard to believe Nelson Mandela was released from prison 20 years ago today . Some speculation already swirling in league circles that Charlie Strong and Teddy Bridgewater could be reuniting in an NFL city near you . Former Vikings and Cardinals coach Dennis Green died early this morning after suffering cardiac arrest ,  per friend Ray Anderson . He was 67.Titans announced they released QB Zach Mettenberger . Sitting LeVeon Bell and LeGarrette Blount for preseason game would be a reward . Playing them for full preseason game would be a punishment . Ryan Pickett's 4 year extension in GB is worth 28 million . Lions WR Nate Burleson needs surgery on broken right leg ,  could miss 8 months ,  via Detroit Free Press . So when all is said and done ,  Arizona basically traded ILB Karlos Dansby to Miami for OLB Joey Porter . So Ravens are wrapping up in Pittsburgh and are heading to Foxboro ... RT @buffalobillscom Bills place 2010 Draft Picks LB Danny Batten  6th  and WR Marcus Easley  4  on Injured Reserve . New England Scarlet Knights just picked their third player in this draft from Rutgers ,  ILB Steve Beauharnais . Former Packers RB James Starks was scheduled to make 3 million in 2017. Wouldn't be a surprise to see GB bring him back at lower number . Latest must watch #MyWish feature   8 year old Lateef meets his hero ,  RG III .  The NFL is trying to figure out which coaches to use in the Pro Bowl because right now ,  its a mystery . Coaches ...  One thing that everyone can agree on ,  D . Revis is not playing this season for 550,000 in base salary . Sure as heck not Houston . RT @collinBREEN @AdamSchefter likely destinations for LJ  ?  Ravens RB Bernard Pierce going through concussion protocol to see if he suffered one . Team will be without Ray Rice the first two games . Missouri DR Shane Ray ,  a projected Top 10 Thursday ,  was cited for possession of marijuana and a traffic violation early Monday in Missouri . Browns have signed first round pick DL Myles Garrett . Charger fans embracing the bolo tie . ESPN's NFL MVP poll Ryan ,  Rodgers on the rise . RT @MeteorologistPC Do Bears have a shot at winning the NFC  ?   ...  As long as they don't turn over the football ,  yes . But that won't be easy . Dont'a Hightower is scheduled to fly to Pittsburgh tonight . But storm also expected to hit New Jersey . So Mother Nature now figures into FA . Steelers signed veteran LB Rocky Boiman and CB Corey Ivy to their active roster . 49ers K Joe Nedney underwent an MRI yesterday that revealed a right knee strain and a bone bruise . He will most likely sit out Sunday . Dolphins hired Dennis Hickey as their GM ,  as @ArmandoSalguero reported . Browns LB coach Billy Davis interviewed Sunday for Philadelphia Eagles DC job . Davis is the former DC  for the 49ers and Cardinals . Update on Rob Gronkowski told it's a minor knee strain and the timeframe is a week or two most likely ,  per source . Best case for NE . This morning's appearance on WEEI with Bob Ryan and Jackie MacMullen .  RT @MrMorehouse215 If Brett doesn't play ,  it means that the Mayans got it wrong and the world ends Dec 12 ,  2010 ,  not 2012.Former S Darren Sharper to be extradited to New Orleans to face federal charges ...  A vote for the Best Picture that is hard to argue RT @ProsB4Hos The Longest Yard  !    Denver's post game meal ,  as it should be Chicken parm ,  you taste so good ...  Wow Eagles head coach Andy Reid will attend this morning's walk thru practice at 11 am and will be available to the media afterwards . After botching hold on a potential game tying FG vs OAK ,  Chargers changing holders tonight ,  going from Drew Kaser to likely Kellen Clemens . The USO is a non profit organization that helps thank our troops for all that they do . Learn how you can help too  . And here's the play that could be benefitting the Boys & Girls Clubs of Greater St . Louis  . After tonight ,  Thursday night games   and the debate about them   goes on a little hiatus . And ... Bengals re signed Marvin Lewis as head coach . Bengals CB Adam Jones said he was fined 35,000 for his actions vs . Raiders WR Amari Cooper . He will appeal . With today's two year ,  14.7M extension ,  Titans now have TE Delanie Walker under contract through 2019.49ers OT Joe Staley fractured his orbital bone ,  no stitches by eye . As tough as injury is ,  not a season ender . Staley expects to play again . RT @mortreport Filed by myself and @AdamSchefter to ESPN McDaniels to Rams as offensive coordinator is now a done deal . Titans WR Rishard Matthews is inactive today vs . Colts . Good day for Star . RT @schadjoe Utah DL Star Lotulelei Pro Day standout Bench of 38. 30 vertical . 3 cone of 7.76 and shuttle of 4.65.Heard former Broncos DC Greg Robinson on Sirius this week and he will be back coaching in the NFL   soon . Verdict in from a rather distinguished Bills fan RT @RussertXMNBC That was worse than the '07 Dallas Monday Night game . Andy Reid hinted he will start Michael Vick on Sunday . The two allies and friends would be going out together . Remaining schedule Jags today ,  Dolphins tomorrow ,  Bucs Friday ,  Panthers Saturday ,  Falcons Sunday ,  Saints Monday ,  home Tuesday . Rex Ryan on today's heat Like this weather . I hope this thing holds out for the Raiders . Put them in those black jerseys at one oclock.Bills officially have named Brandon Beane General Manager . RT @nyjets12345 can you clarify the Revis deal is 4 ,  not 7 ?  There are mixed reports .  ...  7 year deal that voids to 4. Ultimately will be 4.Coming up at 1125 on @nflcountdown ,  Mort and I will have some info on fines ,  Brady Quinn ,  Joey Porter ,  Tom Brady and Peyton Manning . Big blow to LA defense Chargers CB Jason Verrett has decided to undergo season ending knee surgery ,  per source . Will go on IR . Bucs placed RBKR Clifton Smith on Injured Reserve and have promoted RB Kareem Huggins from the practice squad to the active roster . Unlike Terrell Suggs ,  Bucs DE DaQuan Bowers suffered his torn Achilles during the team's off season program ,  on the practice field . NFLPa Agreed to move trade deadline back and the new IR rule . Bengals and former Steelers LB James Harrison will try to complete a deal this week . Harrison more signable than Karlos Dansby at this time . So this is what it's like to be David Gregory . As much as Michael Vick or Brett Favre stir it up ,  tweets REALLY start coming w Obama . Wow . Richard ShermanDeshaun WatsonAndrew LuckAaron RodgersOdell Beckham Jr.Brandon MarshallZach MillerJason Peter  . Seahawks coach Pete Carroll said WR Percy Harvin will play Saturday vs . Saints . Bears signed K Robbie Gould to a four year ,  15 deal that includes over 9 million in guaranteed money . It richest deal given to a kicker . Friday 10 Spot Saturday Amazing @AdrianPeterson ,  marvel of @McCourtyTwins ,  why Sanchez and Brady are equal . Jay Gruden says RGIII will start Sunday . Charles Woodson agreed to a one year deal with Raiders ,  per @JosinaAnderson ,  and Jared Allen visiting Seattle a 2nd time ,  per @Edwerderespn . Raiders one step closer to Las Vegas . Tom Brady breaks his silence on Facebook  . RT @JonesDrew32 9 11 tribute cleats and gloves can't wait until sunday its gonna be a great day ...  RT @MattMaiocco In '07 ,  49ers were THRILLED when Dolphins took Ginn at No . 9  SF took Willis at 11.  Now they're giving up No . 145 for him . Dez Bryant ,  in last year of his deal ,  has joined forces with Jay Zs Roc Nation ,  sources say ,  hiring company to negotiate his next contract . RT @jpoki71 Mark Buehrle just threw a perfect game and The Hawk  Ken Harrelson  called the sideline reporter Honey. Wow  to both .Mediation kicks off today at 930 am . Could go three hours ,  could go 10 hours . Bears WR Kevin White needs surgery on stress fracture in his left shin ,  said GM Ryan Pace . White to start season on PUP list . ESPN's Calvin Watkins reporting that Cowboys WR Miles Austin signed his tender . learn . RT @Jets6793 hey adam do you think nnamdi asomugha could go jets with revis inland  ...  As much chance of that as Lester Hayes coming back . Saints defensive coordinator Gregg Williams is scheduled to interview for the Titans head coaching job Thursday . Two female officials ,  line judge Sarah Thomas and head linesman Maia Chaka ,  will work NFL preseason games this summer . Vikings RB Adrian Peterson closer to return from knee injury ,  could be back next month . RT @RobUnsaid Avs ,  Nugs ,  Rams ,  Gunners ,  Rapids ,  Mammoth . Wouldn't that make Kroenke the most powerful owner in sports  ?   ...  Hard to argue . Congratulations to Big Daddy @coastaladvisors @ferrarohockey on their new hockey arena  on Long Island . RT @LadyL23 You should have tried to be more positive about the situation  !   ...  Should have remembered this is A Deadline League . My bad . The bond Steelers OL Alejandro Villanueva formed on the battlefield ,  via @AshleyFoxESPN.Eagles insisted all week that ,  even if Dallas won ,  and tonight's game was rendered meaningless to Philly ,  it would play it at 100 percent . St . Louis at Seattle game on Sunday ,  January 2 will be played at 820 PM ET . ESPN's NFL Insiders discuss the 49ers' and Jets' quarterback situations . Giants have requested permission to interview Bills DL coach Pepper Johnson for their DC job . Interview will happen early this week . Darrius Heyward Bey was released this morning from Eden Medical Center after spending the night under observation . He   . An August 2013 ESPN The Magazine piece from Wright Thompson on Johnny Manziel is just ... wow . Recently released RBs include Steven Jackson ,  Reggie Bush ,  DeAngelo Williams ,  Chris Johnson ,  Peyton Hillis . So far ... Browns QB Johnny Manziel diagnosed with a concussion . His status for Week 17 vs . Pittsburgh now in question . Titans HC Mike Mularkey said Marcus Mariota has a sprained left knee ,  and he does not believe the injury to be serious . This week's Know Them From Adam podcast guestsDont'a Hightower John Legend ...  Well deserved . RT @JeffDarlington Dolphins WR Davone Bess ,  who was making 470 in final year of his deal ,  signed a 2 year extension . RT @EricStangel Jets update  Rex Ryan has put a 1st & 3rd round tender on the Taco Bell Grilled Stuft Burrito Fiesta Platter ... Broncos requested permission for HC interview with Lions DC Teryl Austin ,  per source . Washington WR John Ross 4.22 sets NFL Combine record in the 40.RT @Ianolson91 What are the odds Pittsburgh takes Dont'a Hightower over OLine in the first round .  ...  Sure sounds like one or the other . Browns' OL Joel Bitonio  knee  and Cameron Erving  calf  ,  both of whom were injured Monday ,  are aiming to play Week 1 vs Pittsburgh . I only bet @Ogochocinco RT @taylorstringe If you had to bet your right leg on it ,  or left ,  would you say Chris Simms or Kyle Orton starts  ?  Cardinals traded guard Reggie Wells to Philadelphia Eagles in exchange for a 6th round pick . Redskins said they and Defensive Coordinator Jim Haslett have mutually parted ways  consciously uncoupled .Ravens activated LB Ray Lewis . Friend and mentor ,  @ThomasG2308 ,  with his first ever Twitter post . Saints players won on appeal ... RT @ProsB4Hos Thought the summer sleeper was the NFL .  ...  We're hoping it awakens from its slumber soon . I mean ,  Cmon man . Enough already . Postgame wrap now coming on ESPN ,  with highlights ,  analysis and news on Jim Zorn from @Mortreport and I . Sounds like the wait for Victor Cruz will go on . North Carolina QB Mitch Trubisky has asked to be referred to as Mitchell . Cowboys owner Jerry Jones says tonight that HC Wade Phillips still is safe .  Bills HC Doug Marrone I spoke with Ryan  Fitzpatrick  and Tarvaris  Jackson  and told them we'll have an open competition at quarterback.Bears had four players selected to the 2011 Pro Bowl LB Lance Briggs ,  KR Devin Hester ,  DE Julius Peppers and LB Brian Urlacher . Bills owner Ralph Wilson ,  Jr . this evening announced that Perry Fewell will step into the position of Interim Head Coach . Panthers placed C Ryan Kalil on IR with a foot injury . Colts reported no practice today for RBs Joseph Addai and Mike Hart ,  as well as WR Reggie Wayne . WR Austin Collie was a limited participant . RT @Kjthegreat Who starts at QB for the Rams Monday night  ?   ...  Vince Ferragamo  ?  Drew Rosenhaus said his client ,  Vikings WR Sidney Rice ,  will not re sign with Minnesota before first testing free agency . RT @WhitlockJason Who is the new dude with Sal ,  Mort and Schef  ?   ...  @LRiddickESPN . You're going to see a lot of him in years to come . Star . City documents show San Antonio has done extensive work on Raiders' deal . For the second time this year ,  Cleveland sees a 3 1 series lead wiped out . Bills HC Doug Marrone said DE Mario Williams told training staff he has a sore foot ,  prompting Buffalo to hold him out of practice . Trust in Chip . The NFLPA's Draft week plans . Jonathan Stewart shares bold vision about Panthers' rookie Christian McCaffrey ...  Some believe the TV money was going to keep NFL owners afloat and if they don't have it ,  they will need the games to be played . We'll see . After picking Penn St OT Donovan Smith in round 2 ,  Bucs HC Lovie Smith now has had 8 picks the past 2 years . Not 1 has been used on defense . RT @TheRealPodVader Football Today @rosstuckernfl and @adamschefter on coaches ,  Super Bowl tix ,  and picks for Sunday . 2019 Super Bowl will be played in Atlanta . Giants re signed restricted free agent guard Kevin Boothe . Browns and Hue Jackson have reached agreement ,  per sources . Press conference to introduce him later today . RT @Jerkman88 Where do you see Oregon's Jeffrey Maehl going in draft  ?  Reminds me of W . Welker .  ...  My brother's been saying same for months . Update Ravens are sending multiple third day draft picks to Jacksonville in exchange for OT Eugene Monroe . Redskins' football people want to move on from RGIII . Ownership not on same page ,  via @diannaESPN and me ...  Bart Starr is recovering from a mild stroke suffered last week ,  the Starr Family announced today . Best wishes to him . Sounds like it's not happening . RT @MikeMiller12 @adamschefter  ,  so whats the deal with Roscoe Parrish  ?  will he be traded  ?  And so it's Clemson No . 1 ,  Alabama No . 2 ,  Michigan State No . 3 ,  Oklahoma No . 4. And there we have it . George Smith is reporting Titans are picking up Peyton Manning and bringing him back to Tennessee's training facility for meeting . RT @jameslepine Stick to football  ?  Oh wait ,  there is no football .  ...  Exactly . #sticktosportsschefter . Thanks to PFT for pointing out RT @ProFootballTalk Per @AdamSchefter on Mike & Mike ,  holdout fines don't apply until CBA is ratified . The story of Zaevion Dobson ... Colts placed G Ben Ijalana and DT Eric Foster on IR ,  waived LB Nate Triplett ,  and signed OTs Michael Toudouze and Quinn Ojinnaka . RT @CubsFan1023 Are owners and playing getting any closer  ?   ...  Like I've said ,  please check back in July and pray for August . RT @espnmacmahon Rob Ryan confirms he's fired . I'll be out of work for like 5 minutes ,  he said . Jacksonville reached agreement with former Dallas free agent wide receiver Laurent Robinson on a five year ,  32.5 million deal . Steelers initially suspected Ben Roethlisberger suffered LisFranc injury feel relieved he didn't . Steelers play Browns next week before bye . Bills CB Tre'Davious White ,  acquired with the pick Buffalo got from Kansas City ,  seals win when he intercepts an Alex Smith pass . trouble . Colts have promoted Tom Telesco to Vice President of Football Operations . A victory in todays AFC Champ game would kick in a 2 million incentive for Peyton Manning ,  and a victory in SB would mean another 2M . Just got to Quakertown . 1,000 miles in three days . My own Tour De Pennsylvania Tpke . Eagles @ 815 am . Night ,  night . The First NFL head coach ever on Twitter  ?  Wade Phillips . @sonofbum NFL going to fine him if he twittes on game day  ?  Doctors have told Giants' David Wilson he faces increased risk of neck injury if he plays again . But Wilson wants ,  expects to play next year . First of what now will be a regular in season spot on the Mike and Mike in the Morning Show ,  every Monday at 742 am eastern . Last season SD held DEN to average time of possession of 2134   the two shortest time of possession games P . Manning has had as a Bronco . Aaron Rodgers lives . One salary cap manager on future cap increases Cowboys can push money forward and they should be able to get themselves out of cap jail.After taking off past two rounds of talks in Chicago and on Long Island ,  lawyers back involved in these meetings . This time it's good . To the people who criticized me for saying Hines Ward IS classy RT @rickeyb3 To My Fans  . Browns RB Jerome Harrison now is over 200 yards rushing today ... Ravens HC John Harbaugh said CB Jimmy Smith is expected to miss a few weeks with a foot sprain . Steelers on deck for Balt . And so in a season in which he has yet to know the feeling of winning a single game ,  WR Kenny Britt is going to the playoffs . Titans signed TE Delanie to a 3 year ,  14.7 million extension ,  including 8.2 million guaranteed ,  per source . There we go . RT @mortreport Ed Reed and Jets on verge of agreement ,  per league sources . RT @JayPolzer is the holmes trade a message to big Ben  ?   ...  If Ben needed any more of a message then he already got ,  then he's hopeless . Text this morning from Redskins official on teams' pending front office changes We finally have something in DC that doesn't 'leak' info.Classy ... RT @GMAN  Yo 4real HAVE SOME FN RESPECT  !  we know it was dumb . we been hearin it 4 mnths . Man is going to jail ,  SHUT THE F UP  !  Patriots WR Chad Ochocinco restructured his contract for coming season ,  lowering base salary from 3 million to 1 million . Back to NE . With Matt Bryant nursing a quad injury ,  Falcons planning to sign former Saints and Bengals kicker Shayne Graham ,  per source . Ray Rice knows his playing window is closing ,  but he hasn't given up hope ...  More than right thing to do . See business benefits of employing people w intellectual ,  developmental disabilities  . Scratch SF from teams that could trade for Tim Tebow ,  add Miami . Candidates currently include JAX ,  GB ,  MIA ,  maybe more . A trade will happen . New Dolphins' RB Arian Foster on what he has left I still feel like Im a Pro Bowl caliber player ,  and I intend to show it.From West Virginia's Pro Day RT @McShay13 Geno Smith put on a show . Tavon Austin stole the show  !  Bills' Marcell Dareus has been suspended for the first game of the season for violating the NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . thru . The RB combine workout comparables from @numberFire and @nikbonaddioLeonard Fournette2003  Larry Johnson ...  RT @SIPeterKing Great moment . Jim Joyce apologizes to Galarraga ,  Galarraga accepts ,  they hug . Class by Joyce ,  incredible class by kid . Game Changer by @FergusConnolly ,  the @UMichAthletics Performance Director ,  is filled with knowledge . @UMichFootball is in great hands . Our street ...  Cowboys worked out K's Kai Forbath ,  Robbie Gould and Aldrick Rosas . Still hoping Dan Bailey's back ok for Sunday . Incredible perspective on an incredible career  too bad Boom not Twitter to see ...   Falcons reached agreement with DE John Abraham on a three year deal . End of an era ...  Thank you to @FantomFresh21 @iW1TN3SS @EDSFootball @Pharoah2010 @DaUnderd0g @CHILLINLIKEAPRO @bigge3021 @brownsfan162452 @TheSveed @Cindi . Props to CBS for the story it ran on Chris Henry's mom agreeing to donate her son's organs . Beyond moving . Beyond touching . An update on Brett Favre ...  The fact that Jimmy Clausen could sit and talk with Todd McShay ,  and be so professional ,  speaks to the young man's character . Major props . ahead . From retired to unretired Former Bills' WR Percy Harvin is re signing with Buffalo ,  per league sources . 49ers LB Donavin Newsom has no cervical spine fractures ,  but did suffer a concussion today . Newsom is remaining at Stanford Medical Center . Making matters worse in Tampa ,  it rained intensely ,  albeit briefly ,  this morning . It's sunny now ,  but field could be treacherous . According to the Las Vegas Hotel & Casino ,  Cleveland is now a 4 1 favorite to win the 2014 15 NBA Championship  Miami is 100 1 .This young man is full of life . No 15 year old like him . MRI on WR Larry Fitzgerald's knee came back negative and showed only a bone bruise . He is walking without a limp and could play Sunday . Why backup QBs matter in the NFL's War of Attrition By Week 12 ,  at least 14 NFL teams will have used multiple starting QBs this year . Miles Austin on verge of signing six year ,  54 million contract extension . More at ESPN.comSammy Watkins and Steve Smith both officially inactive . League source at NFL owners meetings in AZ was adamant that New England never made an offer to WR Greg Jennings . Welker ,  yes . Jennings ,  no . Eric Fisher's 4 year extension is worth 48 million ,  including 40 million gtd . The six years he now has left on deal total 63 million . For first time this spring ,  NFL expected to allow teams to begin trading compensatory draft picks ,  per NFL sources . Should be more trades . Bills HC Chan Gailey said RB Fred Jackson will not play this week ,  according to team's Twitter account . Update on Saints owner Tom Benson ,  who was hospitalized last night  . Like an old homecoming Jaguars reached agreement with CB Rashean Mathis on a one year ,  5 million deal . 49ers players told @JimTrotterNFL there's not a whisper of getting Colin Kaepernick on the field at this time . Blaine Gabbert's job . Top kicker salaries Sebastian Janikowski  4 mil  ,  J . Scobee  3.45 mil  ,  S . Gostkowski  3.4 mil  ,  C . Barth  3.3 mil  ,  Prater  3.25 mil  . Bears officially signed OL Kyle Long to a four year extension that  now runs through 2021 season . For all those asking   and sorry it's not as punctual as usual   tight end Jason Witten is active . Packers say Jordy Nelson will start today .  . Paul Kuharskys NFL rankings of the top players on Twitter  . Bucs picked up fifth year option on WR Mike Evans ,  still want to sign him to long term deal . leaving your twitter account open on a public computer is dangerous ... i'm lucky @tthasselbeck is a nice guy . Seattle lost out on TE Benjiman Watson ,  but is trying to make up for it . Seahawks keeping TE Chris Baker in Seattle a 2nd straight night . RT @gregaiello  NFL announces  4 game suspension of Santonio Holmes for violating substance abuse program . First 4 games of regular season . And Myles Garrett is officially a Brown . Fact of the day Falcons TE Tony Gonzalez never has won an NFL postseason game . Reports are that Ravens CB Dominique Foxworth tore his ACL and is out for the year ,  which is a major injury for a team short on CBs . Buffalo's Walter Powell suspended first four games of 2017 regular season for violating NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . UFL players starting to work out for NFL teams . Kicker Graham Gano ,  along with Steven Hauschka ,  scheduled to work out Tuesday for Giants . Wouldn't it be nice to turn a 12.5 million investment into 2 billion ...  ? Two sides still roughly 25 million apart per team per year . Doesn't sound like much but it's a 750 800 million gap that must be closed . Bears informed Matt Forte they will not re sign him . His time in Chicago is done ...  He is the most sure thing there is . RT @NJFFL @AdamSchefter Morning Adam ... Give me some good news about Peyton today  !  Patriots will activate guard Logan Mankins and he will play Sunday vs . Cleveland . Patriots latest trade ensures that Tom Brady will finish his NFL career in New England ...  Harold Henderson said he wants NFL exec Troy Vincent to testify in Peterson appeal Thurs or Friday . A settlement by then is possible . All signs now point to Jim Schwartz becoming Eagles DC ,  per sources . Eagles offered him job and all that remains is working out a contract . Round Six of the Supplemental Draft is now underway.No player was selected in Round Five . Browns DC Ray Horton opened his Friday press conf by saying ,  This is like Rihanna . This is what you came for  NFL football at its best.Browns downgraded WR Brian Robiskie  hamstring  and DL Shaun Rogers  ankle ,  hip to Out and WR Joshua Cribbs  ankle  to Questionable . Marvin Lewis told @lindsayczarniak that Bengals WR A.J . Green is out for today's game vs . the Colts . Not hard to see where Blake Bortles' improvement has come in first 5 games this year compared to first 5 last year . To update Cleveland interest in Dallas OC Bill Callahan Browns tried to hire him last year ,  Jerry Jones blocked it . Callahan Pettine close . Bears   or any other team   don't bring in JaMarcus Russell for a workout without giving real consideration in advance to signing him . Now out getting me some fresh ears of summer corn for the weekly Schefter Sunday night barbq . Mmm . Reggie Bush and 49ers reached agreement ,  per sources . Bush back in California . Vikings WR Michael Floyd sentenced to 1 day in jail and has to serve final 5 days of house arrest for violating terms ,  per @joshweinfuss . RT @JSpoNaug  Now LJ can be taught how to properly use twitter by @OGOchocinco . Pep Hamiltons new title with the Browns is Associate head coachoffense . Steve McNair ,  Sean Taylor ,  Darrent Williams ,  Derrick Thomas ,  Reggie White ,  Joe Delaney   taken way too fast . Former Raiders LB Rolando McClain is nearing deal with Ravens . Two sides scheduled to talk today to see if they iron out unresolved issues . Bills officially activated WR Sammy Watkins from ReserveInjured Designated for Return . Get your picture taken with Tom Brady ,  Julian Edelman ,  and World Series Trophy at Fenway on Dec . 23rd . Sign up at  . Brandon Marshall  ankle stabilization  and Dwayne Harris  fracture of 5th metatarsal  will undergo surgery today ...  Nothing . Stick to football ...  it . Exactly 70 years ago today ,  Joe DiMaggio's 56 game hit streak came to end . #wherewereyouwhen  ?  Won't be easy to win a job in New Orleans ,  but Saints signed free agent WRs Larry Beavers ,  Roy Hall and Andy Tanner . BTW ,  a knee sprain means a knee tear . Question with Knowshon Moreno is how severe . Hopefully for Denver ,  not very . For the second straight week ,  the Jets have gone over 300 yards rushing . Now will have to do it with Shon Greene and without Leon Washington . One Bills official said today he is highly optimistic that Buffalo will be able to host Sundays home game against Cleveland . RT @Boomerknows is this your way of telling me Knowshon Moreno wont be playing  ?   ...  Looks like a Know go Sunday for Knowshon . RT @cmerf Do the 49ers have the tie breakers to clinch the division next week  ?   ...  Need to check on next week . But not far off . At all . Cam Newton's gift to 6 year old Colin Toler ,  who lost his father in September . Great story from @MartySmithESPN ...  Chargers CB Jason Verrett played past two games with what he worries could be a torn ligament in his knee ,  per ...  RT @Swisha101 When will you see Mort again  ?   ...  We have no more secret meetings planned ,  but that doesn't mean we won't be talking soon . No brainer . RT @jamdawg1 @AdamSchefter In your opinion ,  do Ed and Steve Sabol belong in the Pro Football Hall of Fame  ?  In my opinion ,  YES  !  Injury report for Sunday's NFC Championship Game  . Earlier in week ,  Deion Branch thought he'd be able to play . But Pats don't kickoff until 415 ,  so won't officially know until about 245.Rex Grossman is signing a one year deal with Falcons ,  per source . Patriots WR Brandon LaFell  foot  and TE Scott Chandler  knee  ,  both questionable ,  are both expected to play today vs Jets ,  per source . Vikings traded 2017 first round draft choice and a fourth round pick to Eagles to acquire QB Sam Bradford ,  per @Edwerderespn . Unless Patriots re sign him before next week ,  Devin McCourty is going to be one hotly pursued free agent . Redskins WR DeSean Jackson is active . Happy birthday ,  @CoastalAdvisors . Make it a big one ,  Big Daddy . You're in our thoughts and prayers ,  @sarapelissero . Lions wound up giving safety Glover Quin a 2 year ,  13M extension that includes 9.5M in guarantees ,  per source . KC has held each of its opponents to 17 or fewer points this season ,  the longest streak by any team to start a season since 1977 Falcons . What it ultimately cost Chicago to sign OT Orlando Pace . RT @adbrandt 15M for 3 yrs becomes 6M for 1.Jaguars releasing vet RB Dujuan Harris ,  per source . TE Vernon Davis ,  OT Joe Thomas ,  DE Mario Williams and TE Jason Witten will visit U.S . troops at military bases around Southwest Asia . Brent Celek's six year extension is worth 33 million and includes 11 million in guaranteed money . Lots of money for lots of years . Panthers giving Charles Johnson a 1 year ,  3 million deal after he turned down 6 million per year from other teams to remain in Carolina . Of course . Consider @SIPeterking a close friend . RT @corrosivepj @AdamSchefter if you saw Peter King in a bar   would you sit with him  ?  Raiders have ruled out starting LT Donald Penn from Saturday game due to knee injury . Backup LT ,  backup QB vs Texans . A behind the scenes look at the Randy Moss trade from @sportsguy33 ,  the man that nearly did ,  but didn't ,  DM me  sigh   . Cameron Wake is coming off a torn Achilles ,  is 34 years old ,  but Miami wanted to give him two year extension for what he's done and will do . RT @Lfitzgerald11 If I score this Sunday I'm pointing up to sky to honor my mom and all the women who have died from Breast Cancer . #Fact . Peyton Manning visited Chattanooga to honor marines and police ...  Cincinnati's approach evident in guaranteed  on recent WR dealsJulio Jones 47MDez Bryant 45MDemaryius Thomas 43.5MAJ Green 26.75MNFL predictions from 35 ESPN experts ...  Link is  . Cardinals announce official five year deal with franchise LB Chandler Jones . Michigan TE Devin Funchess 7 catches ,  95 yards ,  three TDs . In the first half . Cheers  !  Person in the know on CBA talks I'm not optimistic yet . But not totally negative either. Which is where this is   better than yesterday . 10 questions coming up with @mortreport and me . Touching on Randy Moss ,  Vincent Jackson ,  Kevin Kolb ,  Sam Bradford and six more topics . 49ers made more coaching hires ,  including DeMeco Ryans as Defensive Quality Control coach . 5 year extension for LeSean McCoy for 45 million ,  20.765 million guaranteed . Eagles list DeSean Jackson and Jeremy Maclin as questionable . Today's lunchtime poll question has to do with Hines Ward and Dancing With The Stars . Want your opinions . Pls go vote  . Packers confirmed LT Bryan Bulaga is out for year with a torn ACL ,  as @ProFootballTalk reported . Lovie Smith said WR Mike Evans not expected to play again this preseason due to hamstring injury . MJ's . Jadeveon's Clowney's dog ,  King Clowney . 49ers HC Jim Harbaugh on USC QB Matt Barkley and the process leading up to the draft Tis the season for ripping apart someone's game.Dolphins hired former Bengals asst coach Vance Joseph as their defensive coordinator ,  per source . Further update Colin Kaepernick trade to Broncos being held up by 4.9 million . Here's how . Art Rooney II All of us in the Steelers family are concerned about the recent incident involving Ben Roethlisberger in Georgia ... Hugh Freeze sounds like he could have been cast as Warden Samuel Norton in The Shawshank Redemption . RT @MichaelSandsJr What's it look like da Bears will do  ?   ...  An OL would be ideal ,  though a DL wouldn't be bad ,  either . A look at what goes on at training camp during some of the players' down time ...  News of the day Brett Favre confirmed to ESPN's Ed Werder that he is now a grandfather . His daughter Brittany recently gave birth to a son . RT @ESPNNFL DEVELOPING Giants WR Victor Cruz has gone to the locker room to get an X ray on his foot . Ravens announced TE Dennis Pitta has a dislocated hip ,  will miss at least the Denver game.War of attrition on ... After one quarter ,  Peyton Manning has thrown 25 passes . At this rate ,  he'll throw 100 passes today . ICYMI friend and colleague @mortreport will work next week and before Super Bowl LI . Talked about it on podcast . Despite being listed as questionable ,  Bears CB Charles Tillman is expected to play tonight . Filed to ESPN Denver LB Elvis Dumervil suffered a torn pectoral muscle during Wednesday's practice that will sideline him indefinintely . Another day ,  another lost guard . Rams have placed G Jacob Bell on the reserveinjured list with a hamstring injury . Some changes filtering in Jets fired Pepper Johnson and QB coach Kevin Patullo ,  per source . Jets traded for former Saints RB Chris Ivory   now official . Chiefs organization announced the formation of the Zoey Michelle Belcher Irrevocable Trust . Hunt family ,  players ,  coaches ,  orgn contributed . Bears placed DL Eddie Goldman and WR Alshon Jeffery on the reserveinjured list . Could be end of Jeffery in Chicago . Powerful ,  emotional ,  well done piece RT @eng434ine The going home segment on SportsCenter this morning . Priceless  !  God bless our troops  !  Former bears CB Tim Jennings is in Tampa visiting the Bucs today ,  per source . RT @RichCimini Jets can't cut Sanchez ,  17M hit . If cut with 61 designation ,  hed count 12.4M on '13 cap ,  4.8M next yr . Currently ,  12.9MRedskins signed WR Brandon Banks to their 53 man roster and waived running back Keiland Williams . Cam Newton will start Friday night in Miami vs . the Dolphins . Panthers insist they've made no decisions about who starts opener vs . Arizona . Chiefs announced Sunday's game will be played as scheduled . Arizona did wind up drafting Notre Dame WR Michael Floyd . Which should leave LSU DT Michael Brockers for St . Louis . Filed to ESPN Denver has emerged as the favorite to land former Dallas DE DeMarcus Ware ,  per league sources . Giants WR Ramses Barden ,  being counted on to help replace injured WR Steve Smith ,  undergoing MRI today on foot . Not promising . Just hung up with Bengals . All they know for now is that Chris Henry was in a serious car accident . But all seems the same for now . Seahawks linebacker Leroy Hill is facing further suspension . In response to State Attorney of no filing of charges  in Jarvis Landry caseI am very thankful that this ...  At No . 142 ,  Chiefs draft Troy LB Cameron Sheffield #nfldraft . Dolphins' WR DeVante Parker ,  listed as questionable with a back injury ,  is unlikely to play today vs . Ravens ,  per source . Lions RB Ameer Abdullah is active.Bears TE Adam Shaheen is inactive . Sanchez drove the Jets down the field ,  right to a touchdown . Nice start ,  young man . Mel Kiper's Top 5 on 2016 Big Board  already 1. Joey Bosa ,  DE ,  Ohio St.2. Laremy Tunsil ,  OT ,  Ole Miss3 ...  RT @TWADE24 adam who have you got as the best 3 nfc teams  ?   ...  NFC is tough ATL ,  NO ,  GB ,  PHIL ,  TB ,  CHIC are top teams in no part order . Montana and Gretzky team up in a way that's hard to believe . Patriots are placing TE Rob Gronkowski on IR ,  per @FieldYates . He is officially done for season . RT @espnnfl Vince Young frustrated by lack of coach's confidence Young's explanation for Sunday's events  . NFL devoting commercial time to public service announcements from No More anti domestic violence campaign during all broadcasts this weekend . At pick 15 ,  three Alabama players   Jonathan Allen ,  Reuben Foster ,  OJ Howard   still on the board . Five year deal for Jeremy Maclin . And still no Michael Crabtree signing in sight . Bill Polian said the Lions ,  with Reggie Bush ,  will be the new Greatest Show on Turf.Raiders requested to interview 49ers TE coach Eric Mangini for HC ,  as @MikeGarafolo reported . Mangini's smart ,  seasoned ,  and would be strong . Don't know that @OGOchocinco is going to like this ,  but the Bengals never made an offer to T.O . Not one . Teams want LBs that play special teams . RT @cutekittenj @AdamSchefter Why is there no interest in Derrick Brooks  ?  Is it bc of his age  ?  So once this deal gets finalized ,  football fans will not have to worry about another significant labor issue until the 2021 season . Enjoy . Six of seven reporters in The Baltimore Sun picked Ravens to win Sunday . Only Sun reporter who didn't was Edward Lee ,  who says 49ers 31 28.Bills TE Charles Clay battling knee injuries ,  not new . Had knee drained at least 6 times last season in MIA . Dr.'s concerned about longevity . Steelers WR Antonio Brown has a partially torn calf muscle ,  per source . Unlikely to play next week but expected back for the postseason . Filed to ESPN As if last night weren't bad enough ,  Jay Cutler fined 20,000 for abusive conduct to an official last week vs . Arizona . With Saints suspensions overturned ,  players are eligible to play this weekend . Talk about a can of worms being opened on eve of 2012 season . Former Texans and Giants RB Andre Brown cleared waivers today now free to sign anywhere . RT @TonyGrossi Andrew Luck looking real good again . If Stanford can go unbeaten ,  or close ,  he's your Heisman winner .  ...  And maybe your QB . Free agent QB Matt Leinart is likely to sign with Raiders this week during visit he has scheduled to Oakland . He would back up Carson Palmer . Patriots scored 45 points after halftime ,  the most by any team in 40 years according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Mike  ?  away . Half of the home of Atlanta 5th round pick Grady Jarrett burnt down after draft last night . Fortunately no one ...  A quarter way through season ,  the Lions are preparing to lose free agent to be DT Ndamukong Suh and he is preparing to move on ,  per sources . Cowboys are hiring Jerome Henderson ,  formerly of the Browns ,  as their new DB coach . Reunited with Rob Ryan . Browns downgraded DB Mike Adams  abdomen  and WR Joshua Cribbs  foot  to Out . Hmmm ... Of the five previous QBs drafted No . 2 overall since 1967 ,  only Donovan McNabb  1999  compiled a career winning record . Just back from movies . Good credits at end of The Proposal . Great credits at end of The Hangover . Why movies suddenly ending w real bang  ?  Terrell Suggs T shirt today You bet your sweet ass I hate Pittsburgh.Filed to ESPN Saints will not match offer sheet that RB Mike Bell signed with Philadelphia . Bell is now an Eagle . Big roster decision on M . Vick . Do Eagles carry him on final 53 so he can practice but not play  ?  If not ,  he can't practice till activated . Please send C'mon ,  man !  suggestions   funny plays   to @tunasweasel . Best ones air during Monday Night Countdown . Thanks . For as much as people dislike Thursday night football ,  feels odd not to have it tonight . RT @panthers QB Jimmy Clausen diagnosed with concussion ,  according John Fox . Clausen's status for Sunday's visit by Baltimore is uncertain . How is it that when you google DeMaurice Smith or Kevin Mawae ,  a link to the NFL's labor website    . RT @davesned Rapture was scheduled for yesterday ,  but 8th Circuit Court granted a permanent stay .  ...  Confirmed . Judges voted unanimously . Peter . To clear room for QB Chase Daniel ,  the Saints will waive C Nick Leckey . Classy @Lfitzgerald11 is donating 1,000 for each of his catches ,  5,000 for each of his TD catches this month to Breast Cancer Awareness . Best caption suggestion here gets RTd at end of day . RT @steelers O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave  !  Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . RT @ProFootballTalk Josh McDaniels to meet with Vikings  . Patriots QB Tom Brady has swelling and soreness in his knee ,  but will play Sunday vs Jets ,  per sources . Happy Fathers Day . Hope you're fortunate enough to spend it as a dad or with your dad . Nothing better . Let's see if weathermen are right but forecast for Wednesday night's Cowboys Giants regular season opener is for heavy thunderstorms . Jay Gruden first coach extended by Redskins owner Dan Snyder  . A fine and fitting sendoff for the Barrel Man . RT @DaveKrieger Krieger Broncos worship became fanatical art form  . Some real interesting dynamics going on in the Vikings locker room . At No . 122 ,  Eagles draft Northwestern QB Mike Kafka . #nfldraft . Hardly a surprise but Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski and WR Danny Amendola not expected to play tonight vs . Jets . Attn Marc Bulger Redskins CB Fred Smoot  rib  has been downgraded to questionable from probable for Sundays game against the Rams . Ernest Wallace ,  41 ,  of Miramar ,  Fla. ,  has waived his right to contest rendition to Massachusetts . Buccaneers clinch the No . 1 pick . Tampa is now on the clock ... RT @TripTP Joe Vitt said Chase Daniel sprained thumb ,  a hairline fracture ,  when he hit it on helmet . Can't throw  ...  Three teams   Detroit ,  Jacksonville and Chicago   put in waiver claims on former Kansas City DT Turk McBride . He's now a Lion . Patriots LB coach Pepper Johnson underwent surgery this week for torn quad muscle that will leave him on crutches for todays game vs Colts . Steelers re signed veteran QB Byron Leftwich to their active roster today after releasing him this past Saturday ,  Sept . 18.Here comes OT run . Three OTs   Luke Joeckel ,  Eric Fisher ,  Lane Johnson   will be off board in first seven picks . And maybe sooner . RT @andy850KOA Peyton Manning on not playing well in the cold Whoever wrote that narrative can shove that where the sun don't shine.The deal that S Ryan Clark re signed for with Pittsburgh is for four years . Mike McCarthy said he's not sure if Aaron Rodgers can play next week . Jaguars' 10 a.m . news conference today scheduled to introduce Tom Coughlin and Doug Marrone will begin at 955 a.m .   a Coughlin thing . Brandon Marshall's farewell message to the Jets and their fans  . RT @rodmonium91 Will there be a Fischer decision today  ?   ...  As of yesterday ,  he still hadn't even talked contract with either MIA or STL . Some 1st time eligibles for Hall of Fame in 2013 Larry Allen ,  Jonathan Ogden ,  Michael Strahan ,  Warren Sapp ,  Bryant Young . Who belongs  ?  Looks as if ACL tear avoided . RT @UTgehlken Initial MRI results show a sprain for Malcom Floyd . More testing coming Tuesday . You are looking live ,  Brent Musburgers intro ,  can be heard one last time at 9 ET on ESPN ,  him calling Georgia at Kentucky . Titans are releasing Bishop Sankey ,  per source . Tough day there for former high picks . Broncos announced DE Ty Warren tore his triceps . Again . There are now multiple signs pointing to Rex Ryan returning as Jets HC next season ,  per sources still some issues to work through ,  however . Now here's someone to root for Terrance Wise.Raiders announced they officially hired HC Jack Del Rio . As @NFLonTheHill points out ,  the Mcnabb trade not unprecedented . Hall of Fame QB Sonny Jurgensen was traded from Eagles to Skins in '64.RT @fboutsiders Panthers gave Delhomme contract extension to fit Peppers into cap last year . Now theyre paying 12 million and have neither . Chargers lost their OC ,  but not their DC . They re signed DC John Pagano ,  whose contract was up and who drew interest from Tennessee . Players who passed physicals today include Elvis Dumervil ,  Breshad Perriman ,  DeMarcus Ware ,  Lance Dunbar ,  Henry Anderson ,  Tamba Hali . Has a team ever traded a top 3 pick 18 games into his NFL career AND named a new starting QB on same day  ?  Giants also placed LB Jon Beason on IR   now out for the year . Giants placed quarterback Jim Sorgi and wide receiver Sinorice Moss on season ending IR . Mandatory interview requirements in place for head coach position have been extended to senior football operations position at each team . Browns are concerned QB Brian Hoyer tore his ACL last night but will not know for until he undergoes an MRI today . Rookie CB Kevin Johnson ,  whose Week 8 performance consisted of 1 INT and 5 tackles ,  is @easportsmut's star of the week ,  available Thursday . Someone just became Public Enemy No . 1 in Cleveland RT @ProFootballTalk Derek Anderson says ruthless Browns fans don't deserve a winner . Stanford offensive coordinator Pep Hamilton has accepted the same position with the Indianapolis Colts . QBs ,  take aim . Rule If a ball in play strikes video board ,  ball will be dead immediately ,  and down will be replayed at previous spot . Fact Nick Saban was so steamed Dolphins doctors would not clear team to sign Drew Brees it contributed to his departure from Miami . Just saw Tom Jackson in hotel lobby on way to work . Asked what number season for him . Answer 26. Everyone should have a run that good ,  long . More riveting NFL's trade deadline or supplemental draft  ?  Chargers RB Melvin Gordon ,  listed as questionable for Sunday vs Patriots due to foot injury ,  will play ,  per source . Foot is issue ,  though . RT @cnnbrk Tiger Woods issues statement saying he has let family down ,  regrets transgressions.  Seahawks will forfeit two of their scheduled OTA practices  June 6 and 7  as well as an additional offseason workout day on Friday ,  June 8.Columbus police said a body in a dumpster near OSU is Kosta Karageorge ,  and he appeared to die as result of self inflicted gunshot wound . Steelers placed Heath Miller ,  Ike Taylor and Baron Batch on IR Eagles placed Nick Foles on IR . And finally ,  we hear from Mike Holmgren Saints free agent linebacker Scott Fujita is scheduled to visit the Cleveland Browns this weekend . Stanford HC David Shaw is proud of his former player Jonathan Martin for standing up to bullying ...  Vince Young didn't throw jersey into stands he gave it to Titans EVP Don MacLachlans daughter . She's been very supportive of me ,  he said . RT @JoeBucsFan You saying Rooney won't suspend Ben  ?   ...  If he did it today ,  it would be a major surprise . That's not what today's about . Last time Aaron Rodgers threw an interception at Lambeau Field was Dec . 2 ,  2012 ,  exactly two years ago today . Underrated player ...  RT @BWilliamsonESPN 49ers Agree to three year extension with fullback Bruce Miller . Steelers WR JuJu Smith Schuster ,  questionable with hamstring injury ,  is expected to play Sunday vs . Patriots ,  per source . And there it is ,  the end of a great career   not Peyton Manning's ...  Bucs G Ali Marpet ,  Director of Player Personnel John Spytek and GM Jason Licht support National CMV Foundation br  . Stat of the day RT @DZederman Chicago Bears Regular season games of allowing 50 pointsLast 11 games   3Prior 759 games   3 . First deal of day is in CB Eric Wright reached agreement with Tampa Bay ,  signing deal today . Today's picture of the day from our ESPN set New England's main area of concern . Barring an injury ,  it'd be really surprising to see anybody other than Shaun Hill start at quarterback for the 49ers on opening day . Between watching Galarraga and Strasburg this past week ,  it feels like I'm chanelling my inner Buster Olney . An example of how much rookies sometimes have to learn ...  Raiders inquired with Broncos last week to see if they could interview Denver DC Jack Del Rio again ,  only to be told rules wouldnt allow it . Jay Leno poked fun at Cowboys for complaining that Vikings ran up score I haven't seen cowboys cry like that since 'Brokeback Mountain'.And ,  according to @giantsuberfan ,  CSI ,  too . Redskins signed RB P.J . Hill and CB Marcus McCauley to 53 man roster and placed S Reed Doughty and OL Mike Williams on Injured Reserve . Too soon to tell . NFL looking into it . RT @mjwuk41 @AdamSchefter Will Jeff Reed face potential suspension time with his latest citation  ?  Raiders have identified Broncos DC Dennis Allen as the leading candidate to become their next HC . Raiders told other candidates they're out . Todd Haley said Chiefs QB Matt Cassel has a signficant hand injury that could end his season . On first full Sunday of season ,  bet I'm not the only one who can't sleep . #7scores . Rams S O.J . Atogwe scheduled to become a free agent at midnight . Could stay in St . Louis but Miami ,  Dallas ,  Minnesota might be interested . Great anecdote from Drew Brees on the first time he met Robert Griffin III at last seasons SB in Indianapolis Funny  . More Friday 10 Spot Vince Wilfork has more INTs this season than nine of 10 CBs in last season's Pro Bowl . Quite the day to celebrate a birthdayToday ,  Sandy Koufax turns 80 ,  Tiger Woods 40 ,  LeBron James 31.No date has produced more greatness . Texans QB Tom Savage heads to the locker room ... Statement from Tom Brady's agent ,  Don Yee The discipline is ridiculous and has no legitimate basis .  In my ...  QB drama heightens . RT @metsfanscott I must of missed the #alexsmith billboard ,  was that one in coral gables  ?  RT @AntonioPierce Can still play at a HIGH LEVEL RT @AdamSchefter Bills linebacker Kawika Mitchell has asked Buffalo to release him . An expert weighs in ...  RT @holyfield I guess any part of the body is up for eating . Washington at Dallas tonight Cowboys have scored fewer than 10 points in three straight games for first time in fr  . Seahawks announced they have hired Matt Thomas as VPFootball Administration . Thomas replaces John Idzik who was named Jets GM . Seattle DE Michael Bennett will be testing the free agent market and will not be re signing with the Seahawks before March 11th ,  per source . Cowboys LB Rolando McClain found guilty today of resisting arrest  disorderly conduct ,  sentenced to 18 days in jail and a 1000 fine but ... Tom Coughlin We know that a lot of our great fans have had devastating results from this incredible storm . We start   . RT @HoeImVerified Whats difference between I.R and sitting out until injury heals  ...  Once on IR ,  player cannot return till next season . Aaron Rodgers' guaranteed money in his new five year extension is actually 62.5 million ,  the highest guarantee in NFL history . Talks between Oregon HC Chip Kelly and the Buccaneers are said to be active. Both sides trying to get it wrapped up within next 48 hours . What ATL wanted ...  RT @vxmcclure23 Every part of Julio Jones' day has looked explosive . He's stopping on a dime . Showing no ill effects . Tweeps are out in force tonight . RT @ddadlaniesq Rex Ryan just predicted he'll win the science fair next year . Without Gregg Williams in STL ,  Rams still have not named a defensive coordinator . For now ,  Dave McGinnis ,  Chuck Cecil ,  Blake Williams can do . NFL reinstated former Redskins TE Fred Davis ,  who's now eligible to sign with a team ,  effective immediately ,  as @ProFootballTalk said . Initially Jets officials feared the 53 year old Todd Bowles suffered a heart attack Friday ,  according to sources ...  Former Patriots 1st round pick Dominique Easley is working out today for LA Rams ,  per sources . Browns' HC Hue Jackson on 1st round pick Corey Coleman This guys arrow is just going to go through the roof.And Tom Brady gave Patriots cap room in the two years it is tightest . Cap will go up big in 2015. But until then ,  Brady bails out Pats . Good for Rob Gronkowski has roster bonuses in his contract that earn him 31,250 for each game he is active . And PITT has until Monday to match the offer sheet or take NE's 3rd rd pick . Again ,  money won't be determining factor . Money will be modest . Eagles and 2015 first round draft pick WR Nelson Agholor agree to terms on a four year contract . A last minute pitch . RT @Amareisreal @kingjames come join me @Amareisreal  in NY ,  we can do something really special . Oh let's do it  ! NFL has not given teams permission to contact any players . RT @ProFootballTalk Packers telling players to be ready to show up on Saturday . Big tough football reporter now sitting in his baby girl's music class . Xylophones are the rage  !  Hard to imagine ,  but JaMarcus Russell still is only 24 years old . He still has lots of potential and lots of growing up to do . RT @MikeCK88 I thought Jets couldn't sign a free agent until they lost one  ?   ...  Nick Folk was cut last year . Didn't finish season on roster . State of Florida told DJ Williams' attorney ,  Jonathan Simon ,  it will not pursue charges against FSU CB for DUI he was arrested for April 3.RT @jasonjwilde Per agent Alan Herman ,  Packers free agent running back @RyanGrant25 mulling offer from Detroit Lions  . RT @Gari0688 Letter at end of 10 Spot article really puts into words how we all feel about the CBA situation . Queen Latifah will sing America The Beautiful as part of Super Bowl XLVIII pregame festivities . An onside kick to start overtime is about the opportunity to possess . If you blow your opportunity to possess the ball ,  you can lose game . The Patriots are signing former Texans and Titans WR Nate Washington ,  per @FieldYates . Chargers released TE Randy McMichael . Arizona told Larry Fitzgerald it would take Notre Dame WR Michael Floyd . Arizona's up . Let's see if true to word . Paging Osi Umenyiora ,  paging Osi Umenyiora . #nfldraft . Stakes get raised  . And NFL aslo fined Giants S Antrel Rolle 20,000 for spearing . Colts and Cardinals also put in waiver claims for former Browns RB Ben Tate ,  who was awarded to Vikings based on record ,  pet @FieldYates . These two teams ,  Arizona and Cincinnati ,  are good enough to meet up again later this season in Super Bowl 50.Friday is Seahawks' GM John Schneider's day 6 scheduled picks   two in the 2nd ,  four in the 3rd . And then there's this ...  Browns ,  agent for injured Desmond Bryant meet over salary dispute . Can't sleep and can't stop thinking about Titans OC Mike Heimerdinger . Prayers are in order . Teams to watch with waiver claims before Bears Redskins ,  Dolphins ,  Chiefs . Any could decide to put in a waiver claim for Kyle Orton . Former Texans RB Arian Foster is scheduled to work out for Dolphins on Monday and Lions later this week ,  per source . Eagles' Chip Kelly said that ,  due to a core muscle injury ,  TE Zach Ertz will not play this preseason but should be ready week 1.Ravens DC Greg Mattison left for Univ . of Michigan . Ravens promoted Chuck Pagano to DC . Pagano would have been Raiders DC candidate . Still no power in my house for five days and am just as concerned about who to take in ESPN colleagues' Fantasy Draft Thurs night at No . 5.Major props for sports' best streak . RT @espn Make it 80 straight W's ,  UConn tops Baylor 65 64. Box Score   . Bit more specific and accurate Falcons ,  Bills ,  Colts and Panthers defenses each have allowed only one TD pass to wide receivers all season . Hmmm . RT @OGOchoCinco @terrellowens bruh pack yo bags and head to Cincy damit ,  see you in training camp ,  one goal in mind #superbowl . Breast Cancer Awareness in October ,  Diabetes next . RT @tonygravato here is some info on Diabetes Awareness Month  . Bills announced they placed OL coach Aaron Kromer on indefinite paid administrative leave . Remember the 64K bill @EvanMathis69 tweeted about  ?  Read first letter of each item ROCK PAPER SCISSORS ROSHAMBO ...  Pro Bowl G Logan Mankins will report to Patriots and sign tender Tuesday . No surprise he's signing surprise is he's signing this soon . Just completed chat at ESPN.com ,  with LOTS of questions about Donovan McNabb ,  Mike Shanahan and the Redskins . No Clay Matthews for the Packers and no Mark Tauscher . Each is inactive . RT @geachy82 anyone of interest in the supplement draft  ?   ...  BYU RB Harvey Unga ,  Illinois DT Josh Brent ,  but no real big names . Another top RB draft prospect will not play in his teams bowl game . Bowl system taking some deserved hits . Cowboys are scheduled to work out free agent QBs John Skelton and David Carr on Tuesday ,  per source . Touching beyond words . RT @Josselyn27 RT @teamgleason  ... I am myself ,  like you somehow ...  Browns have until midnight Wednesday to match the five year offer sheet that Pro Bowl C Alex Mack signed with Jacksonville . RT @alphaxzero why does he miss 3 games  ?   ...  Because the Chargers placed Marcus McNeill on roster exempt list ,  and the CBA mandates it . Former Falcons WR Harry Douglas visiting Titans and his former coach Mike Mularkey today . Logical fit . Thomas Jones deal is for 3 million this year ,  2 million next year and another 500,000 in incentives . Cleveland is going to have a hard time keeping Johnny Manziel on the bench for very long . Mike Holmgren and Randy Lerner had dinner together last night in front of about 40 people at Farenheit in Clev . Recruiting continues today . Busy and interesting Thursday for Bills HC interviews with Rex Ryan and Kyle Shanahan . Why sports can be a breeding ground for dangerous MRSA infections . Washington invested high picks in receivers Devin Thomas and Malcom Kelly ,  but it might have found its man in WR Marko Mitchell . Looks good . Through Make A Wish Foundation ,  Browns signed 9 year old Dylan Sutcliffe today to a one day contract . Sutcliffe will go through today's OTA . Former Gophers football star Marion Barber Jr . getting degree at age 57 . Happy Mothers Day to my wife and mother of our children ,  to my mother   and all mothers on toughest and most rewarding job . Kudos to authorities . RT @cnnbrk Times Square bomb suspect arrested trying to board flight to Dubai  . RT @EricStangel  I'm sure I'm late on this one  Tim Lincecum wins 2nd consecutive Cy Young Award . Hmm ,  I wonder how he'll celebrate . Jason Campbell now a Raider   officially #nfldraft . Just completed chat on ESPN.com with plenty of questions about Charlie Weis ,  the 49ers HC search ,  John Elway and more . Anybody know anybody plannig to attend Giants eagles game sunday ,  then world series game 4 that night  ?  Pls lemme know . Thanks . 49ers' starting G Josh Garnett is expected to miss at least one month with a knee injury he suffered this weekend ,  per source . Friday 10 Spot on Saturday How Matt Ryan compares to Peyton Manning ,  plus other NFL nuggets .  Really think Jill Zarin might be as popular as many of the NFL guys here . She's getting hounded to take pictures w people . Packers list RB Ty Montgomery  ribs  ,  OTs David Bakhtiari  hamstring  and Bryan Bulaga  ankle  ,  and CB Davon House  quad  as questionable . Saints gave Adrian Peterson a two year deal . They would like him to play two years and he wants to play the two years . RT @darrenrovell1 Jets owner Woody Johnson's daughter Casey ,  30 ,  has died . Statement The Johnson family is mourning its tragic loss.Heading into tonight ,  Broncos have won 12 straight divisional road games ,  tied with 49ers from 1987 90 for longest streak in NFL history . Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie announced his team fined WR Riley Cooper for his racist remarks . QB Mark Sanchez just entered game for Jets   to a rousing homefield ovation . Clear who fans want as starter . Redskins officials already are encouraged enough with @RGIII's recovery to believe he has a legitimate chance to start on opening day . Lions and Matthew Stafford agreed to five year contract expected to make him highest paid player in NFL history ,  a team source told ESPN . Broncos will start Brock Ostweiler at QB vs . Patriots and sit Peyton Manning for second straight week ,  per @mortreport . So Thomas Rawls will be inactive and CJ Prosise also likely inactive today . Big work for Christine Michael . Trent Richardson joins DL John Matuszak as only players since NFL merger to be drafted Top 3 ,  then play for another team the following year . Once a player has been selected in the 2011 draft ,  his rights cannot be traded for another '11 drafted player or an '11 draft pick . For all the talk about the Chiefs unbeaten start ,  heres how the AFC looks after nine weeks Patriots and Steelers 6 2 ,  Chiefs 6 3.Tweeted before and will tweet it again barring an unexpected breakdown ,  Julius Peppers deal will be done with Chicago by this afternoon . Just remember ,  Michael Vick is the Eagles No . 2 QB tonight and Kevin Kolb the No . 3.No more Peyton Manning in the Pro Bowl . He has something called the Super Bowl . 49ers' RB Carlos Hyde tore his MCL on Saturday ,  per source he will miss last game of season . So Vikings WR Sidney Rice goes on PUP ,  and Packers DBs Al Harris and Atari Bigby go on PUP . Advantage Bears and Lions . Please take a moment to remember events of 11 years ago   and families and friends most affected by them . 11 years ago   Columbine . More at ESPN.com ,  but Oklahoma St . WR Dez Bryant has pushed back his pro day to Tuesday ,  March 30. Going to be a BIG day for him . On this week's Sunday Countdown ,  for his first segment of season ,  @frankcaliendo teams up with a cast of Muppets . Cardinals RB Andre Ellington ,  listed as questionable for Sunday due to quad injury ,  is not expected to play vs Rams in London ,  per source . NFL's timeline release schedule Tuesday night ,  conduct draft Thurs through Sat ,  discipline Ben Roethlisberger ... wait on Brett Favre . According to Roethlisberger ,  Harrison claims the writer twisted many of his comments and it was not his intention to criticize the QB . Great point from @gottliebshow . Has there ever been a more appropriately named GM for the Yankees than Cash Man  ?  Giants also have fired GM Jerry Reese ,  as @AKinkhabwala reported . Wholesale changes for Giants . Raiders drafted players with fastest 40 times at the past 3 combines   DeMarcus Van Dyke ,  Jacoby Ford ,  Darrius Heyward Bey   plus Pryor . RT @BobPiljay organizing benefit for 1 of my best friends who had bone marrow transplant .   A nice Vince Young story for a change ...  RT @ProFootballTalk Vince Young comes up big for McNair's kids  . Patriots chairman Robert Kraft  . RT @mortreport Bengals ,  Cedric Benson both saying he'll be ready for Raiders next Sunday . Hip flexor strain . it  ?  !  Eagles have released DE Connor Barwin . Who's the best RB in football  ?  Plus ,  how Adrian Peterson has rushed for over 1,000 yards four different times this year   . In Kansas City ,  RB Peyton Hillis will be reunited with Brian Daboll ,  the former Browns OC who helped Hillis to his top NFL season . As @LanceZierlein reported ,  Percy Harvin had altercation with Golden Tate before Super Bowl that resulted in Tate getting a black eye . Steelers signed wide receiver Darrius Heyward Bey to a one year contract ,  the team announced today . The numbers on LB Sean Weatherspoon's contract with Atlanta five years ,  10.4 million guaranteed and 17.4 million max value . Jacksonville sent its 6th and pick 35 to get to pick 34 from Seattle . Dolphins free agent TE Dustin Keller is visiting the Patriots today ,  per source . Thought Orlando Thomas was a great player   underrated . And those who know him say he was a better guy . RIP . New Bears GM Ryan Pace wasting no time jumping into job taking part in Chicago's interview of Todd Bowles . Good morning ,  New Orleans ,  where your Saints 7 0 start is the best start in franchise history . Tim Shaw ,  who is battling ALS ,  named one of 6 Titans captains ...  RT @tburnett32 Aaron who  ?  When is the special on Matt Flynn  ?  Rusty Hardin ,  lawyer for Adrian Peterson The allegation of another investigation into Adrian Peterson is simply ...  Know who deserves some compensation  ?  Jeff Saturday ,  Dominique Foxworth ,  Scott Fujita and player reps who gave so much of their time . Though Derek Carr continues to push to play with fractured back bone ,  Raiders preparing for E.J . Manuel to start vs Ravens ,  per source . Raiders strongly considering acquiring RB Marshawn Lynch ,  either through trade or by his release ,  sources tell @JosinaAnderson and me . NFLPA Statement on Colin Kaepernick Collusion Grievance  . Terms of deal Browns agree to trade QB Colt McCoy and 6th round pick to San Francisco for 5th  and 7th round picks . Niners have new backup . Two players Jacksonville liked most were Rolando McClain and CJ Spiller . Now ,  I'd say Tyson Alualu #nfldraft . Texans' RB Alfred Blue was carted off field Monday . But he had leg cramps for taking all the reps that Arian Foster couldn't . Blue is fine . Sundance Film Festival announced Steve Gleason's documentary Gleason accepted into Documentary competition . As of today ,  Michigan is launching its main athletics account ,  @umichathletics . Great point from Jim Nantz California's Rodgers to California's Rodgers . TD . Early blow RT @espn New York Giants receiver Domenik Hixon is out for the year with a turf related knee injury    . Houston trades up to get RB Ben Tate . #nfldraft . Brett Favre and Aaron Rodgers could be teammates again NFC Pro Bowl quarterbacks likely to be Drew Brees ,  Favre and Rodgers . Robert Griffin III has been designated for return from injured reserve and will return to practice today . Former Colts WR @RoyHall & his @Driven Foundation to distribute 100,000lbs of food Sat to 800 OH families  !  Donate  . RT @andrejpro Adam ,  can Cowboys field enough healthy players Monday night to compete  ?   ...  Of course . Redskins missing their share ,  too . Buccaneers announced that they have signed 2012 first round pick S Mark Barron . Great to see something mean so much to somebody . @LupitaNyongo . Wait ,  wasn't he supposed to be the Knicks' free agent prize  ?  While the Patriots continue their preparations for Sunday's Super Bowl ,  Aaron Hernandez's murder trial opens today . Lions RB Theo Riddick to IR . If they make the playoffs ,  they'll be without a top backfield option . Part 2   Coughlin on Phillips There are a lot of circumstances involved here. And I am not at liberty to say anything at this point.RT @TomJolly I left Mets Cards in 10th when my wife wanted to watch a movie ,  watched it and still got back in time to see only runs scored . Chiefs CB Brandon Flowers is inactive . Chiefs already missing Tamba Hali . Seattle traded 139 ,  a fifth ,  for Leon Washington and the Jets 7th round pick . #nfldraft . Five of top 10 rookie rushers drafted after 1st round have played for Mike Shanahan . Alfred Morris ,  Clinton ...  Former 49ers RB Reggie Bush is signing a one year deal with Buffalo ,  per source . Peyton Manning is 12 years ,  250 days older than Russell Wilson ,  the largest age difference between starting QBs in Super Bowl history . RT @McClainonNFL NFL just told us there will be no announcement today on opening weekend games . That means to Thanksgiving games ,  too . New OT rules passed . Same system for regular season as the postseason . The 6 foot 3 ,  225 pound Josh Gordon is expected to be timed in the 40 yard dash in the 4.4s or better . He could go as high as 2nd round . Cowboys Exec VP Stephen Jones told @toddarcher that RB Ezekiel Elliott will miss some time with his hamstring injury . One other reason Pats might have cut Galloway WR Brandon Tate ready to come off Physically Unable to Perform list and ready to play . Clay Matthews was fined 22,050 for the illegal blindside hit on Russell Wilson after an interception in NFC Championship Game . Second text from Rams' camp from another STL official Your source is mistaken . Thankfully Aaron Donald is very real ! So now the Ravens have lost Derrick Mason  maybe  and Drew Bennett to retirement . Don't tell me Mark Clayton is thinking of hanging them up . Joe Namath said at NYC luncheon Tuesday ,  I think Geno's going to be the starting quarterback no matter if Fitzpatrick comes back or not.Nine teams have opportunity to clinch playoff spots today Patriots ,  Bengals ,  Ravens ,  Dolphins ,  Saints ,  Panthers ,  49ers ,  Eagles and Bears . After weighing his options and contemplating offers ,  he's decided to retire ,  said Randy Moss' agent ,  Joel Segal . NFL did right thing and so did the RB  . Cowboys owner Jerry Jones told reporters that backup QB Kellen Moore suffered broken right ankle at practice . Cowboys and DT Henry Melton are putting finishing touches on a multi year deal ,  according to a source . No Brady  ?  !  ?  !  RT @realpatriots Pats Inactives B . Deaderick ,  M . LeVoir ,  R . Ohrnberger ,  S . Neal ,  T . Price ,  Myron Pryor ,  J . Wilhite ,  M . Wright . Despite being listed as questionable ,  Bills RB LeSean McCoy will play Sunday vs . Jaguars with a splint on his thumb ,  per source . Over the past 4 seasons ,  Jimmy Graham has 50 red zone receptions   same as all Seahawks' tight ends have over the past 8 years combined . Deadline to sign Haloti Ngata and Vincent Jackson to long term deals is Tuesday . Neither expected to have a deal by then   or this season . The NFL has suspended Titans wide receiver Kenny Britt for one game ,  the Tennessean reported Thursday . Of course . Bruce Arians said if Cardinals can't get long term deal done with Chandler Jones ,  Arizona will use its franchise tag on him . More thanks to @Jdeaton3 @ChrisWittyngham @WAD1980 @LBJAkronHammer @ericostby @SactoRick3178 @chefrich37 @GoonerBear93 @EDSFootball . Steelers LB Lamarr Woodley will replace the injured Texans LB Brian Cushing in next Sunday's Pro Bowl . Green Bay hosts Seahawks ,  championship rematch Last INT thrown by Aaron Rodgers at Lambeau Field was vs . Vikings in Week 13 of 2012 season . Former Bears RB Shaun Draughn signed a one year deal with the Chargers ,  per agent @seanstellato . When Rams open minicamp this week ,  QB Sam Bradford will be ready to go OT Jake Long will not . Both expected to be ready for regular season . The details of what you need to know about where and when to watch the NFL draft on ESPN on Thurs ,  Fri and Sat . For those that asked . RT @espn Titans' Vince Young given citation by Dallas police after fight at strip club    . Still no NFL waiver wire ,  so any team reaching out to Peyton Manning now would be violating the rules . NFL fined Steelers' LB Bud Dupree 18,231 for striking Dolphins' QB Matt Moore in the headneck area ,  per source . Colts are interested in hiring former Chargers defensive coordinator Greg Manusky for their defensive coordinator job . Just bc people say a story is wrong or inaccurate doesn't mean it is . Ron Borges is experienced . Brady deal could be close . Let's see . Dolphins are giving QB Ryan Tanehill a six year ,  96 million extension that includes 45 million guaranteed ,  per league source . And here it goes With his family concerned about his health ,  Gary Kubiak likely is stepping down as Broncos' HC ,  league sources tell ESPN . RT @GeorgeAtallah Players from the St . Louis Rams and DeMaurice Smith will visit Joplin ,  MO tomorrow . USC DE Everson Griffen from USC goes to the Vikings   another USC DE for them . #nfldraft . So Rams give new HC Sean McVay a 5 year contract and hire away DC Wade Phillips ,  who had other options . RT @KickzNBasketbal Is flacco worth that much #pleaserespond  ...  As an agent once told me ,  if a team is willing to pay it ,  he's worth it . RT @espn NBA Free Agents Source Chris Bosh to join Dwyane Wade with Miami Heat    . Just got back from great wedding ,  where i had honor of sitting with Ed McCaffrey ,  Steve Beuerlein and their better halves . Fun times . Jets owner Woody Johnson prepared to swiftly fire both GM John Idzik and coach Rex Ryan ,  via @mortreport . Meaning this morning . If NY lands RB LaDainian Tomlinson ,  offensive coordinator Brian Schottenheimer will play key role . The two worked together in San Diego . My first NFL Power Rankings of all 32 teams right here  . Texans have made this official . Kubiak's gone . RT @SIPeterKing I expect Gary Kubiak will be fired today as the coach of the Texans . Since Week 7 ,  Patriots' offense has played 121 snaps Seahawks' defense has had 257 snaps . Now Seahawks on short week   big challenge . RT @EloisFehnel4595 How close are they to making the decision  ?   ...  Closer ,  but still not as close as we all would like . Good idea from Orlando's Bill Speros To avoid playoff rematches ,  NFL should schedule interconference games on final week of season . True story Michigan fans meet in  . Ultimate draft wrap up for all 32 NFL teams  . NFL took 12 reporters into league office to present over one hour as to why Saints were suspended . Evidence compelling   and on SportsCenter . Eagles already have ruled out WRs Jeremy Maclin and Riley Cooper along with OT King Dunlap . Steelers OT Ryan Harris is now planning to retire ,  per source . RT @sharper42 Imma bust u right under your chinstrap from first play on . Don't care about the fine . F the money Imma do it 4 red , white&blue . Need to see to believe RT @NFLprguy Recap of Lions Browns ,  including crazy last 08 w interference on Hail Mary . Aaron Hernandez Probable Cause Hearing ,  2 p.m. ,  Attleboro ,  Mass. Hernandez will appear at court . Washington downgraded WR Jamison Crowder  hamstring  to out for Sundays game against Seahawks . Crowder did not travel to Seattle . No surprise here . RT @TheRedzoneorg Tom Heckert says Browns have talked to St . Louis about trading up to No . 1 to get QB Sam Bradford . RB Andre Brown signed his tender with the Giants . Chargers have offered their HC job to Broncos offensive coordinator Mike McCoy ,  and the two sides will try to work through a deal today . Broncos' QB Peyton Manning is now warming up ... It will be Rams Patriots in the 2012 London game . Ben Roethlisberger now in surgery for broken nose . Having it reset . Could miss practice time ,  but not expected to miss Sunday vs . Bengals . Tim Tebow had 22 carries Sunday ,  the most by an NFL quarterback since the merger ,  according to ESPN Stats & Information . RT @Neberenz i guess no one got the headline from that segment ,  trades that should but won't happen  ...  Guess not . A sentence every college football fan will enjoy for a variety of reasons 2015 college football season officially is underway tonight . Former Saints interim head coach Aaron Kromer has accepted the Offensive coordinator and offensive line coaching job with the Chicago Bears . No . 1   Karl Swanson on his departure from the Redskins I'm just tired of Dan getting painted as randomly firing someone.Browns inquired last night about trading for Patriots' QB Jimmy Garappolo and were told ,  once again ,  NE not interested ,  per sources . Cowboys released T Sam Young and signed veteran G Derrick Dockery . Former Patriots' WR Brandon LaFell has reached agreement with Cincinnati Bengals ,  per @schwartzfeinsod . Indianapolis' Weslye Saunders has been suspended the first eight games this year for violating policy on performance enhancing substances . Hope for Favre and Vikings . RT @JuddZulgad Here's a stat The Steelers are being outscored 55 16 in the fourth quarter this season . RIP RT @MMcCarthyUSAT NCAA president Myles Brand dead at 67 from pancreatic cancer . For old time's sake Bruce Allen's first game with the Redskins will come with Jon Gruden in the house and in the Monday Night booth . Steelers three head coaches the past 45 years.Browns three head coaches the past 407 days . Bill OBrien ,  GM Rick Smith and asst . HC Romeo Crennel then led 90 minute team meeting in which players were given platform to speak out . RT @RobbyTebow First Yankees game ...  Denver's third round pick ,  TE Jeff Heuerman ,  suffered a torn ACL today and is expected to miss the 2015 season ,  per the Broncos . Even though WRs Hakeem Nicks and Victor Cruz didn't undergo physicals today ,  it was not mandatory for either player to take one today . In a letter to Josh Gordon today ,  Roger Goodell wrote As we discussed at our July 19 meeting ,  as ...  NFL discussing moving start times of London games  a good idea  . Adrian Wilson played safety for Arizona for 12 seasons . Now ,  the Cardinals have hired him as a scout . Ezekiel Elliott's father weighs in  . Brock Osweiler may indeed resign with Denver . But that ,  at this time ,  is far from a certainty . Other QB needy teams will make this tough . First three picks for new Titans' GM Jon Robinson OT ,  DE ,  DT . Win in the trenches . More Jon Robinson on his willingness to trade No . 1 pick Wed be open to moving the pick . I think the statement ...  Chiefs signed free agent TE Anthony Becht and placed LB Brandon Siler on injured reserve   another blown Achilles . Steelers LB James Harrison plans to appeal his one game suspension .   . Loud NFL stadiums has caused hearing concerns for some ...  Well said . RT @mortreport Not sure if I can identify greater contributor to the game than Al Davis . Even those who battled him honor him . One of the rare places I'd rather be than on our bus RT @BravoAndy Easthampton  . Tony Romo is going to CBS ,  as @OurandSBJ reported . Will be CBS' No . 1 color analyst ,  matched with Jim Nantz . Teams already have reached out to Browns to inquire about Brock Osweiler's availability ,  per team sources . #KnowThemFromAdam @DwightHoward shares his thoughts on Kobe ,  Harden and the young player he'd pay to watchLISTEN  . Colts WR Donte Moncrief is out for Week 15 game vs . Vikings . Adam Jones entered a plea of guilty to obstruction of official business stemming from a January 2017 incident . Now suspended for opener . Washingtons Jonathan Allen will be on IR with designation to return ,  per source . Fact of day new Jets kicker Billy Cundiff now has signed 19 NFL contracts with 12 different teams . CLEV @ CINCY tonight last time Browns and Bengals both over .500 for head to head matchup this late in season was Dec . 14 ,  1986 ,  per Elias . Bills announced that the team has signed FS Jairus Byrd to a one year franchise tender . Saints acquired veteran linebacker Barrett Ruud from the Seattle Seahawks in exchange for a future undisclosed draft pick . Vikings RB Adrian Peterson is out for Week 17. Career in Minnesota could be done . Colts are about to lose their unbeaten season ,  their NFL record winning streak ... all while Jets charging towards postseason . NFL suspended Lions C Dominic Raiola for Sunday's game versus Packers for foot stomping incident . Lions starting RB Mikel Leshoure . Colts WR Austin Collie is active but not starting . Starting camp on PUP Vikings RB Latavius Murray ,  Saints C Max Unger & OT Terron Armstead ,  Patriots LB Donta Hightower & DT Alan Branch . Matt Ryan seeks advice from Peyton and Eli Manning before Super Bowl week . RBs Arian Foster and Reggie Bush both officially inactive . Think my baby duties have conditioned me to where I never will be able to sleep past 5 am . I'm hopeless  as usual .Jacksonville received permission to interview Seahawks OC Darrell Bevell for HC . DC Gus Bradley scheduled to interview for job Weds . Thoughts and prayers RT @KHONnews Colt Brennan injured in vehicle crash on Big Island . Reportedly in serious condition at a Kona hospital . More Pittsbuurgh problems . RT @steelers James Harrison will be out a number of weeks with a right eye fracture . The deal on TO in Seattle RT @TheRedzoneorg Seahawks unlikely to pursue T.O . unless something drastic happens  . 49ers CB Chris Culliver did tear his left ACL . No date for surgery set yet . He will miss this season . Montreal WR Duron Carter ,  son of HOF WR and ESPN analyst Cris Carter ,  is closing in on an agreement with the Indianapolis Colts . The latest on Tampa Bay making its move to hire Rutgers HC Greg Schiano as its next head coach . Falcons WR Julio Jones on calf injury 'I'll play Monday night' vs Saints . Bills announced they released veteran K Rian Lindell . Bills have signed former Raiders RB Taiwan Jones . Steelers GM Kevin Colbert ,  who has spent the past 30 years in the NFL ,  is calling this the deepest draft that Ive ever seen.12 Merril Hoge said James Harrison called Ben Roethlisberger this morning to explain his comments in the upcoming issue of Mens Journal . Redskins HC Mike Shanahan on WR Donte Stallworth We'll likely have him signed before he leaves the building.Back to hoops RT @TravisDukeman Akron Beacon Journal has 2 page add for LeBron to Chicago paid for by Chicago fans. Out of control . Vikings agreed to a five year ,  36.5 deal with TE Kyle Rudolph ,  per @goesslingESPN . Full report from Ted Wells for those who want to read all the details   and there are plenty  . Jets and Ryan Fitzpatrick have had no recent talks ,  remain far apart on contract ,  no resolution expected any time soon ,  per @Edwerderespn . Bucs HC Raheem Morris met with the team's captains ,  including QB Josh Freeman and CB Ronde Barber ,  before making decision to play Williams . Steelers will not participate in todays National Anthem ,  as @JamieErdahl reported . Steelers will remain in locker room during Anthem . Raiders WRs Denarius Moore and Jacoby Ford inactive ,  as is RB Darren McFadden . Saints activating rookie first round pick ,  DT Sheldon Rankins ,  from IR . Here's a summary of where the Ahmad Bradshaw situation is  . What other way to explain the Steelers Jets game than ... Justin Bieber . David Harris' agents ,  Brian Mackler and Jim Ivler ,  on today's release of their client Very disappointing in the ...  NFL announced first round of draft in 2010 will be held in prime time Thursday night ,  April 22. 2nd and 3rd rounds Friday night ,  rest Sat . Numbers now in Patriots kicker Stephen Gostkowski is signing a four year ,  17.2 million deal to beat franchise deadline ,  per source . RT @mortreport Filed to ESPN Leftwich suffered 2nd dgree MCL sprain wants to avoid surgery thinks he can still play . Don't count on it . Titans have released Chris Johnson ,  officially . Johnson free to sign with another team . RT @oneandonlygw22 Will the Cowboys trade up or down or stay at 9 ?   ...  Would like to trade back ,  but won't be easy . I say ,  Stay and go OT . SF added WR help by way of Seattle . 49ers signed WR Chris Harper off Seattle's practice squad ,  per league source . Andrew Luck's advice to DePauw students I'm only 25 ,  I don't have any advice ...  Full story referenced in earlier tweet a tremendous blend of reporting ,  research ,  perspective and words . Percy Harvin makes Jets debut next Sunday he spent Saturday meeting with OC Marty Mornhinweg and WR coach Sanjay Lal ,  going over playbook . Jimmy Clausen turning pro ,  Golden Tate next . If the Colts didn't have any injuries he would be . RT @darryllow @AdamSchefter Does this mean A.Johnson is a must start this week  ?  Cardinals officiall agreed to terms with free agent guardtackle Adam Snyder . Ed Reed is on verge of joining the Houston Texans ,  as @JasonLaCanfora has reported . Still ironing out deal . Texans officials now in air . RT @espn VP Ray Anderson NFL might start suspending for violent hits    . Former Titans CB Alterraun Verner is signing a four year ,  26.5 million including 14 million guaranteed with Tampa ,  per source . Colts announced the team will not re sign wide receiver Reggie Wayne . Ed Reed wanted to play today and thought he would ,  but John Harbaugh overruled him and deactivated the Pro Bowl safety . Something to keep in mind last time both No . 1 seeds reached Super Bowl the same season was 1993  Dallas vs . Buffalo in Super Bowl XXVIII .Buccaneers signed P Chris Bryan and claimed RB LeGarrette Blount off waivers from the Tennessee Titans . Broncos and John Elway have agreed to a new 5 year contract that ties him to Denver through the 2021 season ,  source tells ESPN . To the millions along the Eastern Seaboard ,  where only one thing matters this week please weather this unprecedented storm safely . Colts have signed free agent G Andy Alleman ,  the club announced today.Suspended Packers DL Johnny Jolly sentenced today to six years in prison for violating terms of his probation on a drug charge . A man whose time has come . RT @nytimes5thdown Ed Sabol for Hall of Fame  . Say cheese Peyton Manning became the newest franchisee for Papa John's pizza ,  signing a deal to own 21 stores in the Denver area Friday . Bengals TE Tyler Eifert is starting today vs Browns . No surprise ,  but it is official . Chargers HC Norv Turner said K Nate Kaeding is out for season with his knee injury . Initial MRI on Bills Reggie Raglands knee revealed what appears to be partial ACL tear team confident it's not fully torn ,  per team source . Former Washington WR DeSean Jackson expects to sign with Tampa assuming no breakdown in final negotiations ,  ...  Bengals re signed defensive tackle Pat Sims and also signed free agent defensive end Jamaal Anderson . CBS tells @OurandSBJ it is not planning to hire Dean Blandino . So there's that . More on Tim Tebow pursuing a career in professional baseball . Very valid . RT @epmckenna Packers chances don't look good at this point ,  but nobody ever expected the Cardinals to win the NFC last year . Steelers announced they signed QB Michael Vick and placed QB Bruce Gradkowski on the ReserveInjured List . No surprise but Ravens CB Jimmy Smith out for the season with torn Achilles ,  per source . Here's explanation of what can and can't be tweeted RT @ProFootballTalk ESPNs guidelines 4 social networking  . NFLPA offering to pay any of the fines that @OGOchocinco would incur if he wore Chris Henry's No . 15 jersey during Sunday's game . Jets and first round pick Darron Lee reached agreement ,  per source . Only two unsigned first round picks now remain . Phillie C Carlos Ruiz doubles to lead off ninth   end of Wood's perfect game bid . Saturday Jets Bengals 430 pm ET ,  Eagles Cowboys 800 pm ET.Sunday Ravens Patriots ,  100 pm ET ,  Green Bay Arizona 440 pm ET . Is LSU CB Patrick Peterson worth the No . 1 pick  ?  Let the debate begin . Dolphins WR DeVante Parker officially inactive . Anyone still playing fantasy that needs a RB needs to claim and start Jets RB Joe McKnight . Former Broncos WR Eddie Royal's new contract with San Diego is a three year deal . Mort & Schefter's Week 14 notebook The 2016 undrafted free agent team.Jaguars WR Allen Hurns expected to start in place of Cecil Shorts at wide receiver . OK ,  please send your C'mon ,  man !  suggestions   plays ,  not calls   to @tunasweasel and we'll use the best ones on Monday Night Countdown . He practiced today ,  Colts sound optimistic . RT @mtf9321 MT@MTF9321 @AdamSchefter what's the status of reggie wayne playing this Sunday  ?  Since postseason expanded to 12 teams in 1990 ,  181 of 264  69%  of playoff teams opened season with a win . 83 of 264  31%  opened with loss . Steelers' QB Landry Jones will make his first NFL start today ,  per @Edwerderespn . Steelers still determining whether Ben dresses as backup . RT @ProFootballTalk . . . If you did put Childress and Favre in a room together ,  the only question would be who they'll name the baby after . Cowboys and Tony Romo reached an agreement on blockbuster 6 year extension that makes him highest paid player in team history ,  per sources . Ravens now have announced RB Justin Forsett fractured his arm . His calculated gamble By not showing to camp ,  Jets CB Darrelle Revis lost the guarantee on 20 million worth of salaries in 2011 and 2012.RT @MHefe Roy candidate Maurkice Pouncey  ?  Or is he flying under the radar  ?   ...  Second best offensive rookie   behind Sam Bradford . RT @ValK @AdamSchefter know you are real ,  I was asking between @dmngerryfraley and @biodome10 ,  which one was fake  ...  @biodome10 fake . Merry Season . RT @JeffDLowe @AdamSchefter As a Browns fan ,  I don't know what a Super Bowl feels like ,  but if it is better then this ... then WOW . Broncos QB Tim Tebow is launching his own official website at TimTebow.com . How smart is he  ?  Tebow reserved the name as a HS sophomore .. Highlight of day RT @nikdaily @AdamSchefter went out of his way to have pic taken with Sean ,  a friend with spina bifida ,  at Steelers camp . Chris Canty and Ravens reached agreement on a three year ,  8 million deal ,  including 2.8 million guaranteed . Not to say it can't get done ,  but it will be very difficult for Denver and Von Miller to reach long term agreement by July 15 deadline . Redskins S Brandon Meriweather to make season debut ,  back from groin injury . And now Browns have announced it's official they have released CB Joe Haden . At least two teams have called Carolina about the availability of RB DeAngelo Williams . Panthers told each one ,  They're not trading him . Friday 10 Spot on Saturday What NFL scouts think of QB Collin Klein ,  QB Johnny Manziel and LB Manti Teo . Bears signed RB Kahlil Bell to a one year contract and waived S Jeremy Jones . Talk about time flying . Thanksgiving is a week away ,  2010 six weeks away . If and when they resolve this ugly labor dispute ,  this year's rookies should be allowed to attend next year's symposium . #mytwocents . Best dinner pairing of the night in Indianapolis Adam Sandler and Tim Tebow out for dinner together . Sense out of New England is that Darrelle Revis is likely to be a Jet ,  per sources . NE still will make final push . Not over yet . Hard to believe what I'm about to tweet Jerome Harrison   286 rushing yards today . 3rd best rushing performance in NFL history . Bucs announced that RB Kareem Huggins has been placed on Injured Reserve ,  ending his 2010 season . Our friendly host on the ESPYs RT @sethmeyers21 Talked to @davitzkoff at the NYT about the ESPYs and more     . After signing 1 year ,  3.14 million tender today ,  Redskins QB Jason Campbell won't report to this weekend's minicamp . He's hoping for trade . Bills placed WR Sammy Watkins ,  DT Kyle Williams and DE Shaq Lawson on ActivePhysically Unable to Perform list . Even with changes coming in Cleveland ,  looks like Browns nailed the supplemental draft ,  hitting on WR Josh Gordon . Big time playmaker . So far ,  all three wild card road teams have won . Never been an NFL wild card weekend in which all four road teams won . Bucs signed 2010 second round draft pick ,  WR Arrelious Benn ,  to a four year contract . Giants director of college scouting Marc Ross has emerged as a leading candidate to become the Panthers next general manager ,  per sources . RT @EricStangel   By the time this is over Jim Harbaugh will be 49ers coach ,  GM ,  VP ,  QB a multi millionaire & dating a Kardashian . In the unofficial beginning of the cancellation of events ,  NFL is cancelling next month's rookie symposium in Canton ,  Ohio . More at ESPN.comOK . Terrelle Pryor's 5 game suspension was upheld today . Buccaneers traded safety JJ Wilcox and 2019 seventh round pick to Steelers for a 2018 sixth round pick ,  per source . Sleeper team now vying to sign former Rams' and Eagles' QB Nick Foles is the Kansas City Chiefs ,  per sources . Three Texans to PB Houston WR Andre Johnson and FB Vonta Leach were named starters ,  while RB Arian Foster was selected as a reserve . Bears QB depth chart will be something like this Mike Glennon ,  Mark Sanchez ,  David Fales ,  Connor Shaw . Hard to imagine them going QB early . Titans are signing former Patriots RBKR Leon Washington . Bottom line Randy Moss to Minnesota trade possible ,  but not a sure thing at this time . Former Giants ,  Colts and Titans WR Hakeem Nicks is signing a one year deal with the New Orleans Saints ,  per source . Paul Manziel ,  speaking about his son Johnny ,  to ESPN's Josina Anderson He's a druggie . It's not a secret that ...  FWIW ,  NFC West did not lose a game Sunday and the AFC West did not win a game Sunday . Roger Goodell will be in attendance at the Green Bay Packers annual meeting of shareholders ,  set for July 29 ,  at 11 a.m . in Lambeau Field . In non Teddy Bridgewater news ,  Vikings released veteran center John Sullivan . As in ,  Jerry ...  ?  RT @SeniorBowlPhil And it is official ... Reese's Senior Bowl for 2014 and beyond . Very excited about new sponsorship . Jaguars are expecting both WRs ,  Justin Blackmon and Cecil Shorts ,  to play today vs . Chargers . SEC had 12 1st round picks ,  tying the record for most 1st picks by a conference . ACC also had 12 1st round picks in 2006 draft . Practiced today and is hopeful to play . RT @jkaz08 @AdamSchefter @mortreport what is the update on T.O . ?  RT @LATimesfarmer Divisional round sked New Orleans and Indianapolis will host Saturday minnesota and san diego on Sunday . In that order . These are some of the smartest businessmen in the world matched against some of the most competitive athletes in the world . Strong wills . Here comes a WR run ... Former Broncos QB John Elway is expected to join Denver's front office by the end of the season . After testing out his hamstring on the field ,  Jets WR Eric Decker told ESPN's Lisa Salters ,  I feel good . I'm up.Bad news for Falcons fans . Falcons rookie DT Peria Jerry ,  Atlanta's first round pick ,  is out for the season with a knee injury . Notable waiver order teams Rams  13th  ,  Raiders  14th  ,  Redskins  15th  ,  Seahawks  16th  ,  Bears  17th  ,  Dolphins  18th  ,  Chiefs  25th .Ravens' S Will Hill has been suspended 10 games for violating NFL's substance abuse policy ,  league sources @caplannfl and me . Think of this Right now there are men ,  good men ,  praying their phone doesn't ring and coach doesn't need them to bring in their playbook . Bucs placed DE Noah Spence on IR and signed DE Darryl Tapp . Browns announced George Kokinis is no longer actively involved with the organization . Mort and I have details coming up on espn.com . RT @rotoe31 The red stain on the wall is what will happen . With Eagles WR Jeremy Maclin sidelined a week or two with a foot injury ,  Philadelphia could get back WR Kevin Curtis . This is depth . Chargers get a 2011 third round pick that turns to a second round pick based on Antonio Cromartie's play time and the Jets performance . There we go . RT @JosinaAnderson Source Julius Peppers has agreed to terms with the Green  Bay Packers on a 3 year deal . Steelers signed center Alex Stepanovich to add depth to the offensive line today ,  the team announced . RT @davidjkelly@ Detroit said not interested   and that would leave nine possibilities . Bengals OT Eric Winston released ,  per source . guys . Derek Jeter's new website announced Thursday via Twitter that Seahawks QB Russell Wilson is now a senior editor . The more you can do ... Text from my friend @jimcramer ,  a major fantasy football player I wrote in Doug Martin's name for President . Seemed only fair.Thanks for all notes . It is spelled Stokley   Brandon Stokley and Dallas Clark . My thumbs are too fat for iPhone . Jon Kitna now in for the injured Tony Romo ,  who has a rib injury . Ravens OC Gary Kubiak turned down HC interviews today and told the team's website he plans to remain with Baltimore . Uh oh . RT @joeychenoweth @AdamSchefter You just jinxed their marriage . Not that anyone's counting or anything ,  but the Titans Steelers ,  the regular season opener ,  is exactly one month from today . Cowboys announced Tony Romo fractured his clavicle . North Carolina DE Quinton Coples plans to do every drill at next week's scouting combine in Indy . Appeals officer Ted Cottrell will preside over James Harrison's appeal . NFL sexual orientation anti discrimination & harassment policy states HCs  GMs not allowed to seek info re a player's sexual orientation . It's complex yet simple Raiders CB Nnamdi Asomugha's contract has voided and he will become a free agent  . Andy Reid said Chiefs LB Derrick Johnson ruptured his Achilles' tendon . Giants CB Prince Amukamara cleared to play Sunday . Chargers LB Manti Te'o still has not practiced in regular season . On the post game podium ,  this one should be easy for John Elway This one's for Pat . ESPN's @FieldYates reports former Tennessee QB Tyler Bray will sign with the Kansas City Chiefs ,  per source . Bills scheduled to meet Friday with West Virginia QB Geno Smith . Colts TE Dwayne Allen downgraded to doubtful from questionable . Giants will hold training camp on the Albany campus from July 26 through August 15.Getting up for Super Sunday   while most of Miami and New Orleans is going home to rest up for it . Browns' rookie QB Cody Kessler channels his inner Dan Orlovsky ...  RT @MikeAmmo Shawshank is solid but I gotta give it to Forrest Gump .  ...  That might well be my No . 2 all time movie right there . Loved . Not only are Cards expected to be without WR Anquan Boldin  knee  ,  but it doesn't look like LB Gerald Hayes  ankle  will play either . Redskins reached agreement with punter Hunter Smith ,  who will sign tomorrow . Great read Would be draftee Tony Washington's NFL future derailed by his sad past .  Panthers have carried bats out onto field for pregame in nearly every game this season . Sunday a continuation of Carolina ritual . Mark ingram runs like Emmitt Smith . More bad injury news for the Eagles on a player they really liked . RT @caplannfl cornelius ingram acl ,  done for season . Redskins Rams trade cannot be processed until Tuesday but Dan Snyder and Stan Kroenke signed off on agreement three 1s and a 2 for No . 2.Five years ago today ,  this . Week 17 Flex @Panthers  @AtlantaFalcons 425 CBS @Lions  @packers 425 FOX @Bengals  @steelers 830 NBC . I mean ,  wow . Just wow . Browns officials meeting right now with Rob Chudzinski ,  whom @mortreport reported will be fired . Cardinals officially signed former Dolphins kicker Dan Carpenter to a one year deal . Redskins DT Albert Haynesworth practiced all week with Washington's first team nickel defense . He'll be in it tonight vs . Dallas . This is a tough offer to resist . RT @RedskinsInsider  @AdamSchefter Want to go in on a set of candlesticks for Chelsea  ?  Calvin Johnson and Reggie Bush officially inactive . Falcons WR Harry Douglas active . #tbt ...  Enough said . For the first weekend since Labor Day ,  no football on Sunday . Little choice but to seriously consider wearing the patch . RT @OGOchoCinco myself nor any of my teammates made Pro Bowl bengal fans we wouldn't be abe to play in it anyway  !  SUPER BOWL BABY  !  Football  !  Defending SB champions have won their last 11 season openers last loss was by John Elway less Broncos against Dolphins in 1999.Eric Mangini on the rumored trade involving retunerreceiver Josh Cribbs There is no interest in moving Josh Cribbs.Part 2 Johnson will not be permitted to participate in any team activities or be on team premises until Monday ,  November 9th . Sounds like Colts RB Ahmad Bradshaw is doubtful for Sunday's game against Seattle . Wayne I will continue training diligently in Florida as I have each off season since my rookie year ,  to ensure I am fully ready for season . Redskins DE Jeremy Jarmon done for the year   torn ACL . To all those people that cursed themselves for starting Arian Foster   he now has 27 fantasy points . Despite missing one full quarter . NFL reached out to the owners ,  general managers and head coaches of all 32 teams this week to advise them that the typ  . Colts free agent wide receiver Pierre Garcon recently rejected a five year contract offer from Indianapolis . Michael Vick earns 29.5 of 50 possible votes to win Associated Press NFL Comeback Player of the Year award . RT @PeteThamelNYT ABC reporting that Sandusky wrote intimate love letters to victims . Expected to be read on Monday . ESPN analyst Herm Edwards will be interviewing for the Arizona State head coaching job this weekend ,  he confirmed . Browns coach Rob Chudzinski and his wife ,  Sheila ,  had a baby boy Monday morning . Its their fourth child and third son . Jerry Jones uncertain but one person close to Tony Romo texted He's going . Knowing him they'd have to knock him out cold to keep him out.Former Michigan football players rally to honor an amazing little girl ,  raise #cmvawareness & suppo . The Chiefs released WR Bobby Engram on Saturday and activated RB Kolby Smith off the Physically Unable to Perform list . Jaguars rookie WR Allen Robinson is out for the season with a stress fracture in his foot . Yes ,  Michael Vick was in Chicago ,  as TMZ reported . No it was not to sign with Bears . He was there for some type of charity work . Interesting site started by @SageRosenfels18 and @chatham58 former NFL players writing about current NFL players . Story not dead yet . Jets have signed free agent RB Danny Woodhead to the practice squad   good . No Mike Bell expected Sunday RT @Jduff1115 @AdamSchefter why is reggie bush going to get an increased role  ?  RT @espn Marshall Faulk tells Chris Johnson of Tennessee Titans to keep holding out    . Ravens ruled out CB Jimmy Smith for Sunday vs Steelers . ESPN just did a fantastic moving montage of the past decade in the NFL . Some incredible moments . QB salary market being reset ,  good news for Drew Brees ,  Aaron Rodgers ,  Matt Ryan ,  Kirk Cousins . QB salaries about to skyrocket . RT @espn Denver Broncos say Tim Tebow's role limited to QB ,  'that's all'    . Bills HC Doug Marrone said today that ,  despite RB Fred Jackson practicing the past two days ,  he is not ready to play yet . One reason Atlanta is winning Falcons have not had a turnover in a franchise record four straight games . Regarding the potential three way tie for first in the NFC East RT @MrFedEx  Does dononvan mcnabb know that you can have a division tie  ?  Jon Gruden is staying in TV . Bill Cowher is not leaving TV . Rex Ryan is interested in joining TV ... must be in the right business . CB Champ Bailey has no interest in retiring at this time ,  per source . Would make sense for Bailey to finish his career at home in Georgia . As @alexmarvez reported ,  Vikings claimed former Dolphins QB Sage Rosenfels on waivers . So Vikings lose McNabb ,  get Rosenfels . Cris Carter as ESPN analysts debated whether Jim Zorn should have walked away When you've got more money ,  you've got more dignity.Love this game ...  RT @greggrosenthal Albert Haynesworth ,  Reggie Bush ,  Kevin Kolb ,  Chad Ochocinco traded in one day . RT @JimmySchlic12 Do you think that the Panthers will try and move Dwilly or Stewart  ?   ...  I don't ,  no . Texans LB Mario Williams has a torn pectoral muscle that will sideline him indefinitely if not for the remainder of the season . NFLPA putting a plan in place for prospects not to attend draft ,  it's recommending they not go ,  but ultimately it's the players' choice . With the last pick in the 7th round ,  Detroit crowns Weber St . WR Tim Toone as Mr . Irrelevant #nfldraft . reboots . So after looking like Michigan ,  then SF ,  then Miami ,  it looks like it might finish right back where it started . At Stanford . Amazing . Masses memorializing McNair . what about Sahel Kazemi  ?  Her family  ?  A 20 year old woman lost her life . What about her  ?  Cardinals QB Carson Palmer agreed to restructured 2 year deal scheduled to pay him 16 million . It also gives Cards an out after one year . Eagles did not want to see a Sam BradfordMike Shanahan union . By trading them McNabb ,  Redskins don't have ammo to trade up to No . 1 anymore . Bud Adams took out an ad in Buffalo News reading ,  We wish the Bills and their fans good luck today and for the remainder of the season.It's rather revealing when ,  on a lazy weekend morning ,  the preference is to go to Twitter before the Sunday newspaper . 49ers tried out former Browns FB Owen Marecic Lions tried out former Bears WR Devin Aromashodu . Jaguars QB Blake Bortles told @ESPNdirocco that he played this season with two shoulder separatoins and wrist tendonitis . takers . 49ers announced they signed former Patriots' second round pick Jermaine Cunningham . 49ers also waived QB B.J . Daniels and FB Owen Marecic . More WRs in last year of their deal Demaryius Thomas ,  Reggie Wayne ,  Jeremy Maclin ,  Hakeem Nicks . Makes 2015 an all time WR free agent class . Tom Brady apologized to Patriots OC Josh McDaniels for his sideline outburst last Sunday  . RT @GLi23 What a year for Washington Stephen Strasburg ,  John Wall ,  and Donovan McNabb in the same year  ?  !  And the others that will feel it . RT @ThePhilster  don't forget hotels ,  restaurants ,  other businesses who will suffer if there's no NFL . Special edition of Sunday NFL Countdown now on until 1 p.m . A non bounty note  with hopes of OKC and CLEV riding on it  Thunder will try to become 1st team to win NBA Finals after trailing 3 1.Just like he did last week ,  look for Bengals rookie RB Bernard Scott to start and play a leading role today . RT @GuruNation FAVRE STARTING THIS WEEKEND  ...  Who's that  ?  Former Titans RB Chris Johnson is signing his two year deal with the NY Jets today . Cowboys QB Tony Romo will not play today due to his back injury ,  per @DesmondPurnell . Brandon Weeden starts vs . Cardinals . DET at GB for NFC North Lions' 22 game losing streak in Green Bay is an NFL record for most consecutive road losses vs . single opponent . Eddie Lacy is out . #KnowThemFromAdam @89stevesmith talks retirement ,  if hed play again ,  giving back & how Taco Bell shaped his future . Patriots announced they signed RB Joey Iosefa  YO sef ah  to 53 man roster off their practice squad . Probably goes for 100 Sunday ... Giants announced they signed former Texans kicker Randy Bullock and waived kicker Tom Obarski . Easiest Remaining Schedule          Opp W L   Opp Win PctBills         20 35    .364Patriots    21 35   .375Jaguars    22 33   .400Giants released RB Ahmad Bradshaw . Steelers expecting big things from 1st round pick ,  LB Ryan Shazier . But 2nd rd pick ,  DE Stephon Tuitt ,  really pleased PITT this spring . Bengals TE Tyler Eifert officially out vs . Broncos on Monday night . RT @OfficialSaints ROSTER UPDATE Coach Sean Payton announced that RB Pierre Thomas has been placed on IR . Seahawks LT George Fant suffers season ending ACL injury ...  Giants and free agent LB Jon Beason are involved in heated discussions ,  per source . Hey @tpolamalu and @TwitChange I am in . @TwitChange 2.0 The Fan Takeover @  . Washington claimed G TJ Clemmings on waivers from Minnesota ,  per source . Just as Denver adds a RB ,  New Orleans loses one . RB Lynell Hamilton suffered what the team suspects is a season ending torn ACL injury . Love what Yankees P Mariano Rivera is doing on his Farewell Tour . Would love to see more do something similar . Bengals today re signed LB Rashad Jeanty ,  who led Cincinnatis special teams in tackles in 2009.Tampa Bay was awarded former Bengals WR Jordan Shipley on waivers today . As it turns out ,  Vikings also put in waiver claim for former Seahawks RB Christine Michael ,  per source ,  but Packers higher in waiver order . RB BenJarvus Green Ellis reached agreement on a three year deal with the Bengals . RT @mtgupdate @AdamSchefter I will do 700.  ...  Thank you . Any last bids for autographed dropped certificate posted earlier  ?  Going once ... Signing former Packers TE Andrew Quarless is low risk ,  high reward move . Lions gave him no guaranteed money ,  so it's really a 3 week tryout . If I had to guess ,  @ochocinco ,  I think you'll be able to choose your new home . But as you know ,  Bengals don't move quick . Patience .. Even though there are no plans for one now because no one has applied ,  NFL allowed to hold supplemental draft it's covered in 2006 CBA . RT @tobywayne10 Should consider Kubiak .  ...  Another worthy choice ,  as is Fox . But Harbaugh tops the list this season . At 140 ,  Bills draft Virginia Tech T Ed Wang . #nfldraft . About the suspension ,  Browns said ,  Andy was involved in an incident ,  involving allegations that we take very ...  Northwestern vs . Syracuse in the Prose Bowl  . RT @rwj64 For Saints  ?   Don't you think Redskins and Bills will be less severe  ?   ...  I'd expect it to be far less severe ,  if punished at all . Chris Paul out tonight . Ted Wells We do not believe that the evidence supports a conclusion that there was any deliberate effort by the ...  Lions are trading 2018 seventh round pick to Bucs for CB Johnthan Banks ,  per source . Sounds like his hip is fine   On 12 snaps versus the Cardinals ,  Texans DE Mario Williams registered three tackles and two sacks . TE Antonio Gates' toe ,  the same toe he once had surgery on ,  is bothering him . Knows he shouldn't play ,  but still will try . Very iffy . Christina Aguilera will sing the National Anthem as part of the Super Bowl XLV pregame festivities . Getting DVR ready for this Gruden show . RT @ProFootballTalk Terrelle Pryor works out ,  watches film with Gruden  . RT @rowiz Any news about BigBen  ?  ... was told Friday the team is leery of playing him . Also heard player leery . Still questions for now . Jamal Williams and Terrence Newman headline 2010 Mile High Football Camp ,  Colorado's longest running camp . Info @ Milehighfootballcamp.comNot good for NYG RT @giantspathanlon Hakeem Nicks undergoing procedure now to treat condition . Expected to miss approx 3 weeks . In pregame warmups on ESPN ,  Odell Beckham Jr . looks like someone who is planning to play . Official word about 7 pm . follow . LeSean McCoy suffered an ankle injury and is officially out for rest of game . Former Packers head coach Mike Sherman is interviewing today for a second time with the Buccaneers owners . Filed to ESPN Jets and CB Darrelle Revis reach agreement in principle . Revis will fly to NY ,  sign contract and be on field next Monday nt . Vikings officially place QB Teddy Bridgewater on PUP . One drawback of Monday night doubleheader how do people on East Coast watch entire second game and still manage to get up for work  ?  Tough . RT @espnnfl LeBron James uses Twitter to back Broncos' Tim Tebow  . At No . 22 ,  Washington takes TCU WR Josh Doctson . Remember ,  Pierre Garon and DeSean Jackson scheduled to be free agents after this season . Cubs . Billy Cundiff We can just keep things simple . Its a kick Ive kicked a thousand times . I just went out there and didnt convert.Bears DE Lamarr Houston was celebrating a sack while his team was down 48 23 when he tore his ACL . Cowboys hope CB Orlando Scandrick can return from broken hand 'sooner rather than later' ...  This won't be only season ending injury today . RT @McClainonNFL Texans DE Connor Barwin is out for the year with a fractured right ankle . Countdown . LaDainian Tomlinson has joined the Los Angeles Chargers as Special Assistant to owner of the team . For those in search of some fantasy tips ,  here's a program alert NFL Fantasy Football Special on ESPN tonight at 7 pm ET . Friday 10 Spot Early Saturday What some NFL execs think of Heisman Trophy winner RG3. Don't see many ,  if any ,  players doing something like this Michigan's Jabril Peppers is working out with LBs on Sunday and DBs on Monday . Aubrayo Franklin visiting Seahwaks today . Bears Packers injury report for Thursday night  . Homecoming ,  I guess . RT @PeteCarroll great seeing @marksanchez here in heritage hall just now  !  gotta love that NFL bye week . Fancy ,  fancy Mark Sanchez is on the cover of the September issue of GQ . Steelers CB Joe Haden had bigger offers from other teams that he turned down because he wanted Pittsburgh . Haden a Steeler . it . Absent unlikely change ,  no extensions expected for franchise players K . Cousins ,  Eric Berry ,  Alshon Jeffery ,  Mo Wilkerson ,  Trumaine Johnson . ESPN.com selects the NFL's top 10 toughest venues   . Packers RB Cedric Benson now officially out for the year . Forget about a Jim Harbaugh Andrew Luck reunion in Carolina . Panthers expected to pursue an NFL asst . coach to replace John Fox . Bears WR Devin Hester ,  Ravens S Ed Reed ,  Ravens WR Mark Clayton all inactive today . Titans RB Chris Johnson ,  Colts DE Robert Mathis and Dolphins KR WR Ted Ginn named AFC Players of the Month for November . Chargers announced new two year extension for RB Danny Woodhead . Packers get a QB Brett Hundley . Brandon Marshall and his agent ,  Kennard McGuire met today with Broncos HC Josh McDaniels . Marshall repeated he wants a trade or new deal . Out with old ,  in with new . Colts removed the giant Peyton Manning banner from Lucas Oil Stadium today . Colts owner Jim Irsay will be charged with two misdemeanors after a late night driving arrest in Carmel on March 16 ,  per FOX59 in Indy . For Redskins and Broncos fans . RT @DrewLitton Got my new Shanahan Crosses the Delaware cartoon online at  . BenJarvus Green Ellis is first Bengals RB with three straight 100 plus yard rushing games since Corey Dillon in 1999.On behalf of my Twitter friends ,  we'd like to wish a happy 27th birthday to one of NFL's best and classiest players ,  @Lfitzgerald11.RT @flymattyfly McNabb deserves a shot at a super bowl . In philly ,  after all he's done .  ...  Agreed . He does   but it won't come in Philly . Seattle ,  which lost Sunday ,  has not lost back to back games since Weeks 5 6 in 2015   NFLs longest active streak without consecutive losses . Chargers GM AJ Smith contd on Merriman Well continue to monitor the situation and let the legal process run its course.Prime time kickoff between Maryland and Michigan has been pushed up to noon this Saturday in hopes of avoiding inclement weather . Cardinals signed former Panthers and 49ers punter Andy Lee and released punter Matt Wile . With 147 career wins ,  Peyton Manning needs 1 win to tie Broncos executive John Elway for second most wins by a starting QB in NFL history . on  !  If both men are true to their word ,  Randy Moss and Brett Favre would be eligible to go into the Pro Football Hall of Fame together . Bears OC Mike Martz is not expected to return to Chicago in 2012 after contract expires at the end of season . Colleges could be in play . Chiefs OC Doug Pederson expected to be a leading candidate for Philadelphia HC job ,  per sources . Pederson coached in Philly from 2009 12.ESPN legal analyst Roger Cossack knows of what he speaks . If he says Ben Roethlisberger won't be arrested or indicted ,  believe him . Raiders WR Michael Crabtree also is appealing his two game suspension for unsportsmanlike conduct and unnecessary roughness ,  per source . Panthers announced QB Cam Newton will be out about four months after undergoing ankle surgery Wednesday . Comparing the NFL pipelines of Michigan and Ohio State . Tennessee takes a QB with the 178th overall pick in round 6 LSU's Zach Mettenberger . Now a Ken Whisenhunt project . RT @bhofheimerespn Malcolm Gladwell to be 5GM guest on PTI 2day to discuss his concussion piece in New Yorker . Bears released veteran safety Antrel Rolle ,  per source . Colts announced they fired Jim Caldwell . NFL offices closed today . Eagles announced their offices closed today . New York feels like a ghost town . Beyond eerie . The more chatter there is ,  the more apparent it becomes that Max Hall is going to be the Cardinals No . 2 QB this season . Jerry Jones not backing off threat to sue NFL over Roger Goodells contract ...  More toys for Eagles HC Chip Kelly . Tom Brady looks like a man determined to make another man personally hand him the Vince Lombardi trophy . Raiders safety Charles Woodson announced hes retiring after the season . What a run ,  what a career . Scary Packers should be better next season . TE Jermichael Finley ,  RB Ryan Grant ,  S Morgan Burnett ,  LB Nick Barnett all will be healthy . Kevin Durant is planning to inform all teams he met with about his decision this morning ,  per source . Further proof of the odd draft this is shaping up to be There is a Cal DE Cameron Jordan and a USC TE Jordan Cameron . Ezekiel Elliott's appeal of his six game suspension now is expected to be held August 29th ,  per the language in the CBA . Drew Bennett era in Baltimore over . Bennett retired today ,  after a previous knee injury flared up . Back to WR drawing board for Ravens . Kevin Durant is signing a two year ,  54.3 million deal with the Warriors with a Player Option for Year 2 ,  per @ESPNSteinLine . Bengals WR Terrell Owens will be available to media as part of HC Marvin Lewis 1145 a.m . news conference tomorrow . Anyone want Lewis  ?  Thank s for some of your kind words . Flattery will get you a little tweet out . Thanks to @MikeAmmo @McCary1987 @Charlieh81 . So Bengals Oline is going to lose Kevin Zeitler and Andrew Whitworth . Setback for Cincinnati . That off Mario Manningham to Hakeem Nicks touchdown catch looked just like that off Brandon Marshall to Brandon Stokely touchodwn catch . Saints signed cornerback Greg Fassitt to the active roster from the practice squad and waived tight end Tory Humphrey . Today's chat at ESPN.com ,  where the topic of the day was Jon Gruden and his future . First round pick Corey Liuget and the Chargers reached agreement to a four year contract Thursday morning . Eagles today announced they have signed WR Hank Baskett to a one year contract . In same week John Lynch is named 49ers' GM ,  he could be voted into Hall of Fame . Streak on the line Sunday night vs Giants ...  Tim Tebow is actively pursuing a career in professional baseball and plans to hold workout for Major League Baseball teams later this month . Scott  ?  RT @obidow In honor of Hemingway ,  make sure you see Midnight in Paris .  ...  Saw it . Highly recommend it . Summer sleeper . Rams gave Nick Foles a 2 year ,  24.5 million extension ,  per league source . Foles now under contract for next 3 years at 26 million total . The Who Reveals Super Bowl Set List   . Eli Manning on memorabilia charges I will say I have never done what I've been accused of doing . I have no ...  Panthers TE Greg Olsen ,  questionable for Sunday vs . Vikings with foot injury ,  is expected to play ,  per source . Pant  . Why couldn't this have happened during last Monday night's Rams Seahawks game  ?  Redskins announced they have signed all 12 of their 2011 NFL draft choices ,  including 1st round pick Ryan Kerrigan . Bills OT Cordy Glenn ruled out for Thursday night game vs Jets WR Sammy Watkins listed as questionable . Annie Apple profiles inspirational Saints fan for Sunday NFL Countdown . Jaguars owner Shad Khan released a statement confirming that Gus Bradley will return as head coach next season . Attention Cowboys fans Dallas clinches NFC East with win .  Dallas clinches 1st round bye with DAL win  MIN loss  ARI loss or tie . Image Sports Center ,  from Dallas ,  has made some cool HOF T shirts with HOFers #s and autographs on them . At  profootballhalloffame.com . Tonight ,  @MedillSports hosts The Female Voice in Sports Media . Watch here  . Barring pregame setback ,  Texans RB Arian Foster is expected to play today vs . Atlanta ,  per league source . Shortening overtime to 10 minutes from 15 minutes has been tabled until NFL's spring meeting ,  per source . QB Eli Manning starts his 100th NFL game tonight . If he keeps playing ,  he can match Brett Favre's cosecutive game streak in the year 2022.Federal appeal court rejected Tom Brady's appeal Brady's four game suspension stands . Browns QB DeShone Kizer has a migraine ,  is out of the game and is questionable to return . Mark Sanchez Just a matter of the rotation . Nothing's changed yet and it's just the way that things shake out. Sure . Filed to ESPN Colts starting CB Marlin Jackson tore his ACL on the final play of practice yesterday and will be out for the season .  . And the first pick of the fourth round is ... Cincinnati WR Mardy Gilyard to the Rams . #nfldraft . RT @TigerWoods Such a privilege to have seen one of the greatest accomplishments in sports history . Hats off to Brett . Green Bay and Detroit both going to playoffs . Winner tonight is NFC North champ ,  loser a wild card . Washington out . Earlier ,  Adrian Peterson visited Seattle . His visit with Patriots will be his second free agent visit . LeGarrette Blount remains unsigned . As @ScottBrownTrib reported ,  Steelers restructured Ben Roethlisberger's contract ,  freeing up 8 million in salary cap space . ESPN's new team was ready last night even if the field wasn't  Charles Woodson knows how to take a selfie   . RT @Money2Mean Why don't the Raiders ever sign the Schotenheimers ,  Cowhers and Billicks of the world  ?  ... They've got Al . Former Cowboys WR Roy Williams gets tryout with Texans  . Raiders and WR Michael Crabtree have agreed to a contract extension ,  per @caplannfl . Deal will be signed soon . Dion Jordan will not appeal his suspension . It stands . Out all of 2015.Get ready for contract talks to intensify for the No . 1 pick . Rams and Sam Bradford's reps are scheduled to meet Friday in St . Louis . Browns hiring former Raiders QB coach John DeFilippo as their offensive coordinator ,  as @alexmarvez reported . Patriots have no plans at this time to bring in or sign another QB before Thursday game vs Houston ,  per sources . Teams and NFL hoping Tennseee DE Derek Barnett recovers from what is being called a virus in time to participate in Sunday's workouts . These Jon Gruden sit downs on ESPN with NFL QB prospects such as Colt McCoy ,  Tim Tebow and Sam Bradford are some great TV . Sounds like someone saying goodbye ...  RT @tiagoararuna What about Mathis ,  Wayne trades  ?   ...  As explained ,  Colts should but won't trade them ,  too . Makes sense won't happen . Soap opera continues . RT @mortreport Filed to ESPN Redskins talk trade with the Titans again about Albert Haynesworth . No deal yet . Rams QB Nick Foles signed a 2 year extension ,  so now under contract through 2017.Bills linebacker Paul Posluszny suffered a sprained MCL and he will be sidelined a couple weeks . Former Panthers and Browns QB Jake Delhomme reached agreement with the Houston Texans . A reminder ...  RT @AndyFenelon Last weekend without football until Super Bowl in February . Enjoy it . Packers re signed NT BJ Raji on a one year deal ,  as @TomSilverstein reported . Giants announced they re signed guard John Jerry and cornerback Chykie Brown . New Titans' GM Jon Robinson's first order of business will be to help determine what Tenn does at head coach . RT @aughenyadig On ESPN.com is NFL players in deal making mode . Dont you work for them  ?  you just said nodeal  ...  July 8 is dealmaking mode . Eagles ILB Kiko Alonso had arthroscopic surgery on his left knee this week and could play as early as in a few weeks ,  per @caplannfl . Broncos' stadium name for sale after Sports Authority's bankruptcy ,  and team might have final approval ...  Former Steelers CB Anthony Madison signed a one year deal today with the Detroit Lions . Cardinals claimed QB Brian Hoyer on waivers . How Broncos bought DeMarcus Ware ,  Aqib Talib ,  TJ Ward and Emmanuel Sanders ...  Dallas gave former Broncos and Eagles QB Mark Sanchez a one year deal ,  per source . San Diego's veteran OT Tra Thomas retired on his own today ,  at peace with his decision . One fewer OT for the Chargers . For first time since his back surgery in December ,  Cowboys QB Tony Romo will play a game Saturday night  . Eagles reached agreement with Pro Bowl OT Jason Peters on a four year ,  41.3 million ,  including 19.55 gtd ,  per his agent Vincent Taylor . Bears will be busy Friday   visits from DE Julius Peppers and RB Chester Taylor . Can't argue ...  RT @mtokBronco the tragedy is that he gets 2 years for shooting himself but Donte Stallworth who KILLED someone gets 23 days . RT @PaulHemingway Are you going out with Mort or your own bus Adam  ?   ...  Mort's got West ,  I got East . Schedules still being finalized . This didn't hurt Tebow's chances in Denver . RT @USCGrad Peyton Manning Billboard in South Florida  . Colts placed outside linebacker Trent Cole on injured reserve . RT @bhofheimerespn    ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown at 11am ET Big Ben intrvw w @merrilhoge ,  Cowboys Vikes Panic Bowl ,  and more . Bengals free agent TE Jermaine Gresham will the visit Arizona Cardinals this week ,  per source . Saints already ...  Questions . min . Competition committee wants to begin hiring full time referees in time for the 2017 season ,  per @SeifertESPN . RT @EricStangel Everyone is staying away from Larry Johnson . He wasn't even claimed by that pick up game in the Brett Favre Wrangler ads . Cool . RT @NFLprguy Some NFL coaches will wear these pink sneaks in support of breast cancer awareness campaign  . Akron Beacon Journal nailed it . Mike Holmgren is in Cleveland today to meet with the Browns . It is confirmed . And very interesting . Some interesting info on Brad Childress and the Vikings on Sunday NFL Countdown at 11 a.m . Bears WR Alshon Jeffery expected to play today despite groin injury RB Matt Forte not expected to play due to knee injury ,  per sources . Former Cardinals OLB Dwight Freeney is visiting and taking a physical with the Cincinnati Bengals today ,  per source . Eagles announced LT Jason Peters ruptured his Achilles tendon  Tuesday ,  March 27 ,  while training in Texas . Surgery scheduled for Tuesday . Redskins announced they signed Brandon Scherff Jaguars announced they signed Dante Fowler ,  Jr. ,  negotiating in good faith they promised . RT @bhofheimerespn Bill Parcells and HOFer Jerry Rice join @ESPN's NFL team . And with controversy swirling ,  Laremy Tunsil will slide past SF ,  too ... Jaguars DC Mel Tucker is interviewing today for Jacksonvilles HC job Rams OC Brian Schotteneheimer interviews Tuesday for Jaguars HC job . Colin Kaepernick Foundation has donated another 100,000 to DREAM ,  Coalition For The Homeless ,  War on Children ,  and United We Dream . Packers QB Aaron Rodgers now will become the new highest paid player in NFL history . RT @DetroitLionsNFL Both Stafford and Johnson will start in today's game . More than 500 jerseys with Aaron Hernandez's name were turned in by 11 a.m. ,  about 90 minutes after Patriots' pro shop opened . WR Antonio Bryant's agent filed a grievance Wednesday against the Bengals for 3.1 million dollars that he believes is owed his client . New @MNFonESPN commercial debuts today . Here's a sneak peak    . With Reggie Bush suffering a fractured fibula ,  the Saints have re signed running back Ladell Betts . Hunch on Denver first round pick Knowshon Moreno is that his deal will be done by Thursday a.m . Comp New England traded its 5th round pick to Tampa Bay for LB Jonathan Casillas and Bucs' 6th round pick ,  per source . Chargers announce hiring of ST coach Rich Bisaccia ,  former Tampa Bay Buccaneers associate HC and special teams coordinator . RT @mortreport Reported on NFL Live   James Harrison fined 75,000 as repeat offender ,  Dunta Robinson 50,000 ,  50,000 for B . Meriwether . Great tweet No . 1 ...  Start time for game between the Redskins and Eagles on Monday ,  Sept . 9 is being switched to 655 p.m . ET . Make it 11 ,  per sources.#TheKing  . 49ers traded CB Kenneth Acker to Chiefs for a seventh round pick in 2018 ,  per source . One 1 and the other is 1A RT @savagelif @adamschefter you think fred jackson will lose the job when lynch comes back  ?  Odd that former Broncos Jay Cutler  Chicago  ,  Brandon Marshall  Miami  and Tony Scheffler  Detroit  each wound up on their hometown teams . When Jerry Richardson bought the Carolina Panthers in 1993 ,  he paid 206 million . When he sells the team after the  . Chiefs released former Giants' S Stevie Brown and former Bucs' WR Mike Williams . Paul Millsap could void deal paying him 21.4M next season . Could get max 5 year ,  207M with Hawks ,  or 4 year ,  154M with other teams . RT @caplannfl Chargers agreed to terms with first rd pick Melvin Ingram on a four year deal with a fifth year option ,  the team announced . Cannot fathom nor comprehend what happened this morning in Aurora ,  Colorado . Prayers for all the victims and their families . Here it is Brian Cushing tested positive for slightly elevated levels of hCG  a non steroidal substance produced naturally by the body .A sign of how well he has played for how long This is first time in Drew Brees career that he has had 0 TDs and 3 INTs in consec games . Cowboys TE Jason Witten will play in his 225th game today and pass Ed Too Tall Jones for the most games in Dallas franchise history . One week from today ,  the Browns rookies' bus ride ends and the journey begins . Rookies report to camp one week from today . No pressure or anything RT @ESPNNFL Dr James Andrews says Redskins QB @RGIII is superhuman like Adrian Peterson   &gt  . A seeming epidemic now Jermaine Jones has a broken nose . Texans not expected to use franchise tag on standout CB A.J . Bouye ,  per source . Doesn't mean they won't re sign him just no tag . So Robert Mathis now will miss games against Broncos ,  Eagles ,  Jaguars ,  Titans . Major loss for Indy D . Not to mention that the Dolphins have a head coach in place . Colts announced deals with CB Greg Toler ,  LB Erik Walden and OT Gosder Cherilus . Jaguars signed free agent quarterback Todd Bouman and placed cornerback Terrence Wheatley on injured reserve . Thursday Blitz How Heisman candidates Marcus Mariota ,  Melvin Gordon and Amari Cooper stack up in NFL ... Sad news former Eagles All Pro defensive back Tom Brookshier passed away on Friday night at the age of 78 after a bout with cancer . Michael Floyd had BAC of .217 when he was arrested for DUI ,  police tell ESPN ...  OK ,  I've now gotten Twitter pointers from good friends and already have changed my name . Now ,  simply ,  Schefter. Let's Twitter away  !  By tomorrow ,  LB Karlos Dansby is expected to finalize an agreement with Miami . But all indications are that Dansby will be a Dolphin . Champagne corks in Miami . Steelers announced they will retire Joe Greenes Number 75 in a ceremony on Nov . 2 ,  when Pittsburgh hosts Baltimore at Heinz Field . Statement from Eagles CB Ronald Darby I felt the need to come forward and clarify some inaccurate accounts of ...  More sad news from football . For those who missed it   and please don't   a link to the tremendous #SagerStrong speech from Craig Sager ...  Going to be a major upset if Robert Griffin III does not win Browns' starting QB job ...  Riley Cooper has returned from his excused absence this morning and is scheduled to practice with the team today . Charles Woodson hurts shoulder ,  Wes Welker hurts knee ,  Bill Polian looks brilliant . More on Marvin Lewis plans to leave his job as Bengals HC after this season . New Orleans acquired a 2014 fifth round pick from Philadelphia in exchange for RB Darren Sproles . Tony McDaniel is visiting with Seattle today and Kellen Davis is visiting the Browns . RT @ProLinkSports Last time broncos switched punters in bye wk was 2002 Tom Rouen out ,  Micah Knorr in . They were 6 2 finished 9 7.Colts S Aaron Francisco will be the first safety asked to try to replace Bob Sanders and Melvin Bullitt in Indy's starting lineup . RT @mortreport Peyton Mannning's unique pay me less demands to Colts   . A postcard from Panthers camp ,  and how Carolina lucked into drafting QB Jimmy Clausen .  Look for the Eagles to release QB A.J . Feeley later today . Love when teams have a problem they know they must address . Now Saints have . RT @joshl855 Saints signed John Carney . Colts WR Hakeem Nicks needs one receiving TD today to trigger a 250,000 incentive he has for five TD receptions this season . T.O.'s other reality show   the far more important one   is about to begin . Gonna be a quick one . It's a night 4 Madden Collinsworth handoff . Shanahan going to study Steelers for a few days ,  then on to New England to study the Pats . Learning from two of the best organizations . RT @JennyVrentas Darrelle Revis is at today's OTA practice at Florham Park ,  according to a team spokesperson . Been a real treat to mingle with fans and staffs of each team . Like the @BrownsBallBoys  ,  a group of hard working young men . Keep it up . Green Bay's deal today is its very first trade since acquiring S Anthony Smith from the Jaguars in 2010 ,  per @ESPNStatsInfo . Great work RT @MikeReiss Story on @ESPNBoston How Patriots and Welker parted ways ,  leading Amendola to town . Steelers running back Le'Veon Bell is expected to make his Pittsburgh debut tonight . Denver has switched its emphasis from signing Robert Ayers first to Knowshon Moreno first . But you never know how these go . Dumervil came out in the same draft as No . 1 overall pick Mario Williams . Since then ,  Williams has 39.5 sacks ,  Dumervil 43.Saints offered the Superdome to the league office for tomorrow night's game ,  but NFL opted for Detroit . Cowboys rookie RB DeMarco Murray is up to 235 rushing yards . With 1231 left in the 4th quarter . Seattle is giving former Jaguars' OL Luke Joeckel a one year ,  8 million contract ,  per source . Carson Palmer will have surgery on his broken left arm and miss eight weeks . RT @yardenvc any word on MJD  ?   ...  Not encouraging news there ,  either . Doesn't sound good . Texans expect their defensive coordinator Wade Phillips to return later this season after taking medical leave later this week . RT @FauxJohnMadden @AdamSchefter I think we're all seeing why Belichick didn't want 2 punt the ball 2 Peyton Manning a couple of weeks ago  !  Broncos are signing former Raiders and Ravens S Michael Huff ,  per @JeffLegwold . Brandon Moore could not bring himself to get on plane and leave his family . He informed Cowboys of decision this am . Syracuse QB Ryan Nassib's private workout schedule as of now Browns on Thurs Jaguars on Fri Bills on Sun visiting AZ Cards next week . RT @mortreport 2 things you can basicallly bank on Mark Brunell to the Jets & Patrick Ramsey to the Saints come mid July as backup QBs . Remembering Nelson Mandela ,  Roger Ebert ,  Tom Clancy ,  James Gandolfini ,  David Frost ,  Stan Musial ,  Paul Walker ,  Elmore Leonard ,  Helen Thomas . Colts traded RB Delone Carter to Ravens ,  as @mchappell51 reported . NFL season now 75 days away  but who's counting ?   ... Von Miller contract sparks reactions from many NFL players.So far ,  2012 hasn't exactly been the best year for the Ryan brothers . Titans TE Bo Scaife inactive today in what looks to be some miserable weather . The only thing that makes me nervous about that is listing something from somebody called heroinmonkey . NFL teams passed for 7,842 net yards and returned 8 kicks and punts for TDs . Both represent the most in any week in NFL history ,  via Elias . RT @TomPelissero Players confirm Randy Moss' release was addressed in a team meeting .  ...  And now Moss must go through waivers . Golden State vs . Cleveland is matchup many expected ,  like Seattle vs . New England in Super Bowl . Let's hope these NBA Finals just as good . And we have one more confirmed franchise tag San Diego is placing its franchise tag on WR Vincent Jackson . Saints just cut the once high priced CB Jason David to replace him ,  Saints signed DB Greg Fassitt . 10 mil per year is not close to offer . RT @ryanferreira2 how bad is Buffalo if 10 mil per year and control of the team may not be enough  ?  49ers get NaVorro Bowman insurance in round 3 ,  at 77th overall pick ,  with Wisconsin LB Chris Borland . 49ers acing this draft . Cowboys have agreed to a two year deal with Darren McFadden ,  per multiple reports . Get ready Todd Bouman . RT @jaguarsinsider Garrard will not travel to Chiefs game and Trent Edwards will be listed as questionable . More Sam RT @MoveTheSticks At combine Bradford will participate in medical evaluation ,  interview process and wonderlic testing . No workout . RT @JoeyReynolds24 @AdamSchefter Correction The Browns just locked up the #1 pick &lt  But kudos to both teams for the way they played . Love this . RT @OGOchoCinco Adam i am racing Chris Johnson ,  the loser is giving there pro bowl check over to those in need in Haiti . Bills' reaction to Anquan Boldin's retirement  . Broncos placed RB Montee Ball on season ending IR and activated linebacker Danny Trevathan from injured reserve . Seahawks' Earl Thomas ,  recovering from torn labrum ,  told @Edwerderespn he will not be ready for camp and regular season opener is uncertain . From @mortreport and confirmed Jets were awarded former Seahawks WR Braylon Edwards on waivers . The 10MM @ESPNFantasy Football users just got a bump just in time for playoffs from @IBMWatson . #WithWatson #ad  . Steelers signed veteran free agent TE Justin Peelle to a one year deal and placed TE David Johnson on the WaivedInjured List . Colts HC Jim Caldwell has watched the replay of Indy's Super Bowl loss to Saints three times already . The No . 2 overall pick from the 2014 NFL draft ,  Rams OT Greg Robinson ,  is a healthy inactive today . It's Santonio Holmes to the Jets for a 2010 5th round pick . Dwight Freeney will sign a two year deal with the San Diego Chargers ,  per league source . Steelers have signed wide receiver Darrius Heyward Bey to a one year contract ,  team announced . 49ers announced that they have signed first round pick ,  WR A.J . Jenkins ,  to a four year deal . NFL will not discipline Ben Roethlisberger today ,  and one person said he would be very surprised if discipline were doled out Tuesday . Texans placed TE C.J . Fiedorowicz on injured reserve after he sustained another concussion . Special wild card edition of Sunday NFL Countdown on Saturday ,  today from 11 am ET to 1 pm . On the day Kenny Phillips signed with the Eagles ,  the Giants announced they signed former Steelers safety Ryan Mundy . Still is jarring to see these words Aaron Hernandez is scheduled to be arraigned today on double murder charges . Big day in Twitter history . Any moment now ,  @richeisen is about to go over 50,000 followers . Congrats to my fellow Michigan man . Filed to ESPN Patriots Pro Bowl guard Logan Mankins signed a six year deal with the Patriots . So he isn't going anywhere after all . Dolphins RB Reggie Bush is scheduled to undergo an MRI on his left knee Monday but Miami officials do not think the injury is serious . Marcus McNeill has reported to Chargers . Ravens DT Brandon Williams did not make trip to London and will not play Sunday vs Jacksonville . Chiefs cut WR Chiefs cut Amani Toomer . A sentence never before seen on Twitter Northwestern advances.Well done ,  Wildcats . And as new soccer fans learn ... some draws just feel a whole lot worse than others . Rams re signed TE Daniel Fells to a one year ,  1.5 million deal . RT @josephperson Marty Hurney calls Jeff Otah an extremely talented player and I think this is going to be a fresh start for him.Once Chicago officially hires John Fox ,  he will be 5th straight HC hired this week with a D background Ryan ,  Bowles ,  Tomsula ,  Del Rio ,  Fox . No surprise ,  but Packers now have ruled out WR Davante Adams from Saturdays game vs Vikings . Chance that 49ers will listen to Herm Edwards and trade for Donovan McNabb and Brandon Marshall in the words of one source ,  0 percent.And in an even more perfect world ,  Haynesworth's  would go to public schools ,  worthy charities ,  third world countries and the Gulf Coast . Redskins acquired center Lucas Crowley from Pittsburgh Steelers in exchange for cornerback Dashaun Phillips . law . Snyder ,  Allen and Shanahan are scheduled to meet into night but no deal will get done today . Tonight's meeting about organization direction . Jets are signing QB Josh McCown to a one year deal ,  per sourxe . And look for Al Saunders to be Hue Jackson's likely offensive coordinator . RT @BobGearing is lions Kevin smith active today  ?  ... Activesinactives not turned in till 90 minutes before kickoff . Lions play at 4 pm . While Denvers restricted free agent WR Brandon Marshall spent Sunday in Seattle ,  his name and future were being discussed in Cincinnati . And another pick signs Bears signed seventh round pick ,  West Texas AM OT JMarcus Webb to a four year contract today . La'el Collins one of 27 prospects scheduled to attend draft he decided more important to try to prove his innocence than walk across stage . Patriots QB Tom Brady threw as many touchdowns today   five   as he did incompletions . And it is Shaun Hill's job to lose in S.F . Unless Alex Smith is lights out the next two games ,  Shaun Hill winds up starting the opener . Jaguars gave QB Chad Henne a two year ,  8 million deal that includes 4.5 million guaranteed in year one ,  per league source . As a general rule ,  yes RT @Soonereyedoc @AdamSchefter booze and discharging illegal firearms tend to hurt your NFL career . Filed to ESPN Rams reached agreement w Sam Bradford on a six year ,  78 million deal with 86 mil max value that includes 50 million gtd . Great job by @DeseanJackson10 today . A link to watch The View with Desean Httptinyurl.com4kdk6fq with Todd H and @CenterStage67 . More progress In the proposed CBA ,  retired players will get nearly 1 billion in additional benefits over 10 year life of the agreement . Now official   Rice off PUP RT @JuddZulgad Sidney Rice expected to make 2010 debut for Vikings on Sunday against GB .  SalPal reports that Eagles WR DJAX is on the field . First coach to shake his hand  ?  Special teams coach Bobby April . In Sunday Conversation with @KirkHerbstreit ,  @JManziel2 sounded like this will be his last year at A & M and he'll be in the 2014 NFL draft . In exchange for Matt Flynn ,  the Seahawks will receive a fifth round pick in 2014 NFL Draft and a conditional pick in 2015 draft from Raiders . Our bus has reached its next destination   Cleveland . Eat your heart out ,  @tunasweasel  . RT @conceptual23 What's the difference  ?   ...  Exclusives cannot sign with another team . Non exclusives can but will cost team two 1st rnders . Friday's chat at ESPN.com ,  hitting on Mike Williams ,  the Vikings and my feelings on fantasy football tips . Bills WR Sammy Watkins ,  listed as questionable for tonight vs . Jets with foot injury ,  wants to play and probably will ,  per league source . Jets CB Darrelle Revis ,  LB Calvin Pace and WR Santonio Holmes each is scheduled to start tonight vs . the Vikings . RT @MarkMaske  ...  Sean Payton That vote kind of got slipped in the back door . That's a taste you have in your mouth that's bitter. ... then  ?  Atlanta has agreed to terms on a 3 yr 18.5 deal for Asante Samuel ,  per league source . NFL announces Chiefs to forfeit 2016 3rd round pick and 2017 6th round pick for violating Anti Tampering Policy . Get ready for Chris Berman to work Joe Walsh lyrics into opens and closes . Because the legendary Walsh is rockin it on Sunday NFL Countdown . Taking on @MatthewBerryTMR this week . My lineup vs . his ... Green Bay Packers signed LB Vic Sooto and placed T Bryan Bulaga  hip  on injured reserve . Dak Prescott is first rookie quarterback in Super Bowl era to start and win seven of his teams first eight games of a season. lFavorite ESPYs interview from Wednesday night  . Browns O line coach Andy Moeller will not face assault charges ,  but he is expected to meet with NFL next week and there could be discipline . Redskins are expected to keep RGIII on 53 man roster today ,  as @JeffDarlington reported . Not everyone in their building is happy about it . RT @WAD1980 my mom passed away early this yr unexpected from comps caused by Type 1 she was only 55. J Cutler deserves a lot of credit  !  Cover of Wednesday's Philadelphia Daily News ...  It is only preliminary talks and it is still early in the process ,  but the Green Bay Packers have contacted free agent RB Brian Westbrook . RT @MattRichWarren Don't forget a shout out to Bob Kalsu today . Only active NFL player to die in Vietnam . If Adrian Peterson and Jared Allen text me ,  this could change.But was going to have fish for dinner tonight and now having second thoughts . CNN sticking with Saints parade   now Campbell Brown speaking on it . And if she can do that ,  I can show up on The View like Tim Hasselbeck . Buffalo is trading DT Marcell Dareus to Jacksonville ,  sources tell ESPN . Dareus being reunited with HC Doug Marrone . One of most notable picks of night comes in round 3 ,  No . 105 Steelers select Pittsburgh RB James Conner.Gets to train in same building . Last year Denver lost its DC Dennis Allen to division rival Raiders this year Denver lost its OC Mike McCoy to division rival Chargers . More thoughts on Walter from someone who knows him RT @michaelombardi Smart move ,  great deep ball thrower..he will be good in their system . UCLA announced it hired former Jets asst . coach Sal Alosi ,  known for his sideline trip vs . Miami ,  as its strength and conditioning coach . Miami looked like a favorite ,  if not The Favorite ,  for Andrew Luck . Bears released DE Jamaal Anderson . A good reason free agency won't be a cure all Pat Kirwan said on Sirius that 14 teams don't have any starters who will be free agents . Finally got to dine with man who gave me a taste of my own medicine was on his phone all during dinner ... #wojbomb  . More trades from Chicago Bears have traded LB Jon Bostic to the Patriots ,  per @fieldyates . Steelers placed LB Bud Dupree on injured reserve . Eagles kicker Jake Elliott has cleared concussion protocol and will play Sunday vs . Chicago . With free agent CBs flying off market ,  there's still an intriguing player out there Adam Pacman Jones . Eagles at Panthers tonight ,  and Philadelphias Carson Wentz already won more road games this season  2  than he did all of last season  1 .Cleveland Browns expected to unveil new logo next week ...  Vikings QB Christian Ponder is expected to start today vs . Seattle . Browns downgraded DL Robaire Smith  back  ,  OL John St . Clair  ankle  and QB Seneca Wallace  ankle to Out.Texans coach Gary Kubiak told ESPN's Bob Holtzman today that Houston's Ryan Moats will start at RB and Steve Slaton will share carries . Vikings QB Case Keenum went 18 of 18 on passes thrown between the painted field numbers Sunday ,  the most attempts  . Brutal day for defensive standouts DE Antwan Odom and LB Lofa Tatupu done for the year ,  NT Kris Jenkins could be . Filed to ESPN Latest timeline for getting NFL back in business   subject to approval by the NFLPA . Here are the details ... No NFL team has been hit harder than Denver . Darrent Williams . Damien Nash . Kenny McKinley . RIP . Anyone interested  ?  RT @RecruiterStacy Can you help find candidates for my #ESPN Stats Manager position . Job ID 266787  . Marshon Lattimore's hamstring tightened up on him ,  it's nothing serious ,  per source . But he is expected to be ready for March 23 pro day . 49ers announce Blaine Gabbert will be their starting QB . Other than me ,  who else is counting down the minutes to Thursday's NFL supplemental draft  ?  Paperwork on decertification is all ready to go . Just waiting for final answer . Now that Denvers season is over ,  Oakland is expected to try to meet again with Broncos DC Jack Del Rio for a second interview ,  per source . Louisville @ NC St loaded w NFL talent . Attendees include AZs Steve Keim ,  Washs Doug Williams ,  Cars Marty Hurney ,  Phils Joe Douglas . Bills and DT Kyle Williams agree to a 6 year extension with a max value of 39 million ,  including 17 million guaranteed . NFL's highest paid player is Derek Carr at 25 million per year . Matthew Staffords deal expected to top it . And now NFL has announced it . Tom Brady suspended four games ,  Patriots fined 1 million ,  lose two picks . Jacksonville planning to hire Doug Marrone as HC ,  league sources tell ESPN . Former Broncos and now FA DT Vance Walker ,  who tore his ACL last summer ,  is expected to be medically cleared next week and ready for camp . Riley Cooper's 5 year deal done but Eagles WR Jeremy Maclin's is not . Sides are talking but not close to a deal ,  according to sources . RT @Doomed92 If the broncos trade down what are the chances Dareus is still there at 5 or 10 ?   ...  No chance . Take him at 2 or he's gone . On date change ,  if CBA deadline falls on a Saturday or Sunday it is moved to Monday . Thus Lev Bell and Kirk Cousins now have until July 17.Lol RT @nheld @WhitlockJason Tim tebow the most talked about white bronco since OJ and AC #nfldraft . People have been asking for fantasy tips  ?  Here are my recommendations . And not that there was much question ,  but John Skelton will start at QB in place of the injured Kevin Kolb vs the Eagles today . Falcons coach Mike Smith said WR Julio Jones will not play Sunday versus Carolina due to his hamstring injury . NFL's new league year is scheduled to begin in 3 weeks   and the two sides are essentially arguing over an additional 1 billion . #notclose . Few things in sports are more disappointing than a young standout like Marcus Lattimore suffering a big injury before his big pay day . Joe Buck Live about to come to end without Artie Lange sendoff . Weather has cleared . Back to football . To start your morning ...  RT @KNegandhiESPN  . Seahawks announced the lights on the arches of CenturyLink Field will be illuminated light blue Friday to raise awareness of diabetes . Best day of football of the season . Raiders upset Steelers ,  Dolphins upset Patriots ,  Saints just tied Redskins ,  and Giants Cowboys underway . First time in Giants' history that theyve lost each of their first two games of a season by at least 14 points . Bucs were only team to put in a waiver claim on former Bengals WR Jordan Shipley . Lions claimed former Giants DT Bobby Skinner on waivers . Jets are releasing Eric Decker ,  per source . With other teams wanting NY to eat some Decker salary ,  NY could not make numbers work for trade . Jets now have crowded backfield Zac Stacy ,  Chris Ivory ,  Bilal Powell ,  Stevan Ridley . All signs point to Lions WR Golden Tate playing against Steelers ...  More good news in Minnesota RT @ProFootballTalk Adrian Peterson I'll be surprised and disappointed if I miss Week 1  . Chiefs HC Andy Reids teams are 16 2 off a bye . He never has lost coming off a bye against a team with a losing record . Monday's best at NFL training camps . Why the system still needs to be fixed RT @RickWhite   Wow Stafford still got more Guaranteed jack than Rivers . While Dion Jordan did not fail a drug test ,  per sources ,  NFL determined one of his test samples was diluted ,  which counts as a strike . Bills' statement on the passing of James Hardy  . Giants now will have a shorter work week to get ready for the Eagles and the game that could decide the NFC East champion . RT @shaner021 I would be SHOCKED if Rodgers doesnt play with GB needing every win to make playoffs .  ...  I wouldn't be . Culture has changed . Suspended Steelers' WR Martavis Bryant to help coach high school team . Despite foot injury ,  Saints TE Jimmy Graham is active . Saints' Super Bowl parade will begin at 6 p.m . ET on Poydras Street in front of the Superdome   and be shown live on ESPN News . Brotherly love Rob Ryan helping Rex . Rams announce they signed DT Michael Brockers to 3 year contract extension ,  keeping him with team through 2019.Colts announced they have signed QB Josh Freeman . JUST IN Ella ,  our Labradoodle ,  had successful surgery on torn ACL and meniscus . Out indefinitely . Ready for 2015. Broncos announced they hired Greg Knapp as quarterbacks coach on Friday . Giants scheduling former Falcons' HC Mike Smith to interview for their HC job ,  per league sources . Aaron Donalds quest to dominate started really early . Lions QB Matthew Stafford has dislocation ,  torn ligaments in middle finger ,  league source tells ESPN ...  Lane Kiffin will not coach for Alabama in National Championship game . RT @CarlBasye Will the NFL release a schedule if nothing is resolved  ?   ...  Regular season schedule announced mid April no matter what . Patriots clinched a .500 or better record for 17th consecutive season ,  tying 1957 73 Cleveland Browns for second lo  . Colts and Saints are pulling up the street ,  with the house of Mercury Morris and the rest of the Miami Dolphins now in sight . In reworked contract ,  49ers gave Colin Kaepernick easily attainable 1M incentive and took out a 7.5M insurance policy for him ,  per sources . RT @wingoz for sheer entertaiment.please view following picture of chad ochocinco's new car . sublte ,  he doesn't do . First college football playoff pairings are revealed today on ESPN at 1230 ,  after Sunday NFL Countdown that kicks off at 930 am . After 10 strong NFL season ,  Broncos' and Texans' center Chris Myers has announced his retirement . Call them the Chicago Broncos . Jay Cutler just hooked up on a nice play with tight end Desmond Clark   two former Denver players . Reviled in Cleveland ,  beloved in Baltimore ,  Art Modell was one of the NFL's founding fathers . The game is not what it is without him . The Giants Jets game ,  originally scheduled for Saturday ,  Aug . 27 ,  has been postponed until Monday ,  Aug . 29 at 7 p.m . due to Hurricane Irene . Packers placed CG JC Tretter on injured reserve  designated for return . Wide receiver David Clowney ,  he of the Hard Knocks fame ,  re signed with the Jets . Clowney worked out last week for the Chiefs . From @mortreport and me Chiefs on verge of a deal with Andy Reid . One source said the major issues have been discussed and agreed upon.Former Redskins' and 49ers' CB Chris Culliver is scheduled to visit Cardinals next week ,  per source . Cards just signed CB Mike Jenkins ,  too . Eagles expected to make strong push to reacquire Washington free agent to be WR DeSean Jackson this offseason ...  When he was a Top 10 pick RT @BigDanO34 @AdamSchefter When was Koren Robinson considered 'mighty' ? Bills' QB Tyrod Taylor running around ,  scoring ,  making his mark . A celebration over Carolina in Miami . More sad news for the Lions former offensive lineman Bob Kowalkowski ,  65 ,  died last night after brief illness.RIP . Jalen Richard's game changing 37 yard punt return was the longest postseason punt return in Raiders' franchise history . Just like everyone predicted After six weeks ,  there's now a four way tie for first place in the AFC East . NFL informed Broncos and Aqib Talib that there will be no discipline for 2016 shooting incident ,  as @TomPelissero reported . Talib in clear . WR Jerheme Urban ,  who used to play for Todd Haley in Arizona ,  now will do so in Kansas City . A free agent ,  Urban signed with the Chiefs . Check out Love & Payne on golfer Payne Stewart ,  directed by @HannahStormESPN at   . Colin Kaepernick deal will impact potential deals for Cam Newton ,  Andy Dalton ,  Alex Smith this year Luck ,  RGIII ,  Russell Wilson next year . Those that believed Kurt Warner is retiring still are convinced . He'll take some time now to decide ,  but many believe he is finished . Fact of week Steelers DC Dick LeBeau ,  71 ,  shot his age in golf 24 times this summer . 14 were in 60's . Holy moley . Odell Beckham Jr says he played this seaso with two hamstring tears ...  Chiefs signed WR Dexter McCluster ,  DB Javier Arenas and TE Leroy Banks . Congratulations to the venerable Thom McDaniels ,  Josh's father ,  a finalist for the NFL High School Coach of the Year . 2017 home and away opponents for every NFL team . Two sides negotiated this morning and basically reached agreeement . Assuming no setbacks ,  Smith signs later today ,  once he arrives in Cincy . RT @JSKing61 Any news on Forte extension  ?  Think he is worth it  ?   ...  Think that deal gets done by July 16. And he's worth what Bears pay . That didn't take long   Bears signed RB Harvey Unga to a four year contract and released DT Jimmy Saddler McQueen and WR Vic Hall . Please aim much higher . RT @DREW17PSU @JThreeTimes it is my life goal to get retweeted @AdamSchefter to this point I am still a failure . Another Cowboys cut Dallas releasing RB Marion Barber . RT @JoshLee91 Who do you think the dallas cowboys will pick at number 14 ?   ...  All defensive players from Alabama in play . Keep in mind that AJ Hawk had 10.5 million escalator ,  so Packers wanted to clear it from their books . New deal still could be in line now . Giants were awarded offensive tackle Jamon Meredith off waivers from Detroit and released kicker Shayne Graham . Colts owner Jim Irsay ,  GM Ryan Grigson have heated conversation following loss to Saints ...  Ram pickup . RT @TrevorLaws To all my people from Philly I will miss ya ...  but its time for me to take this show to STL .  #memories . RT @PI87 why deal the best DB in the game 4 an 'old' QB  ?  !   ...  Same reason the Raiders have shopped him   his contract is prohibitive . Luke McCown to Saints . Rajon Rondo will not need surgery on his fractured thumb ,  but he is out for tonight's Game 3 and indefinitely . Indianapolis Scouting Combine Football's Beauty Pageant . Jets free agent WR Braylon Edwards is scheduled to meet tonight with the San Francisco 49ers . Could be a prime spot for a 1 yr deal . Colts said Andrew Luck officially cleared to play Monday night vs Jets . Bucs plan to hire Arizona personnel man Jason Licht as their next GM ,  as @JayGlazer also reported . Redskins announced they signed former Cardinals' cornerback Greg Toler . Cowboys' RB Darren McFadden needs 3 rushing yards today to reach 1,000 for season   and trigger a 300,000 incentive.Cha Ching  !  Bears signed RB Benny Cunningham to a one year contract . And the St . Louis Rams are ,  officially ,  on the clock . Sounds like the hamstring injury that will prevent WR Dez Bryant from working out Sunday will force him to reschedule his March 10 Pro Day . Here is a picture of the new Seahawks jersey .  What do you think  ?  Great point ...  RT @moc77 Pretty sure Ho OH ma NOW uh nu ee now wears Manumaleunas old #86 from the Rams as well . Tough on the seamstress  !  Through two weeks ,  Andrew Lucks PFF quarterback rating is 60.95 ,  last in the NFL . Titans QB Marcus Mariota is sixth with a 97.91 rating . Chiefs promoted WR Lance Long to the 53 man roster on Saturday . Heres a link to a Victor Cruz announcing hes having calf surgery and is out for year  via @uninterrupted  ...  Scott Pioli out in KC . Texas A & M and Kevin Sumlin reached agreement on a new six year contract ,  Director of Athletics Eric Hyman announced today . RT @mortreport Filed to ESPN Seahawks hired Pat Ruel as OLine coach to replace Alex Gibbs ,  who quit . Ruel was @ USC with Carroll & Bates . It's official Romeo Crennel and Charlie Weis are back together in Kansas City ,  with the Chiefs hiring Crennel .   . PART 2 Steelers not looking to sign veteran QB ,  but a practice squad QB to take reps at practice this week . That's a sign Ben could be OK . Rob Gronkowski ,  who underwent back surgery in December ,  told @CariChampion that he will be ready for 2017 ...  Colts TE Brandon Williams was released from hospital after being diagnosed with a concussion.Texans signed former Jets S Antonio Allen . Panthers re signed QB Derek Anderson . Chargers declared RB Ryan Mathews as questionable for Sunday . Former 49ers RB Marcus Lattimore plans to re enroll at South Carolina this winter to get the 8 credits he needs to graduate . Only fitting to have the sports year of 2011 draw to a close with the news that 'Rudy of Notre Dame fame has been charged in a stock scam . In addition to promoting Bill Musgrave to offensive coordinator ,  Broncos also promoted Klint Kubiak to quarterbacks coach . Packers WR Greg Jennings is inactive . Some offensive help Bills activated WR James Hardy to the teams 53 man roster today . He can play Sunday vs . Tennessee . Lions kicking around idea of new kicker ,  worked out Rob Bironas ,  Alex Henery ,  and Garrett Hartley ,  per source . Jaguars owner Shad Khan bought English Premier League club Fulham . Cowboys RB Ezekiel Elliott has run for 703 yards ,  the second most in a players first six NFL games behind only HOFer Eric Dickerson's 787.Week 11 Kansas City Chiefs at Denver Broncos game on Sunday ,  November 17 now will be played at 830 PM ET on NBC . Way . As @MikeReiss reports ,  @DonteStallworth involved in a hot air balloon accident this morning in Miami . Now hospitalized . Thoughts w him . Panthers placed TE Greg Olsen on injured reserve . RT @kuunny India won the cricket World Cup after 28 years u have no idea how big of a win that is  !   ...  I do now . #sticktocricketschefter . RT @bhofheimerespn final rating CavsCelts game 6 is ESPNs 2nd most viewed hoops game ever  6.6 rtg & 9.0m viewers  . Thank you ,  @richeisenm . Think you're confusing me with Rod Woodson . Holy moly  !  The esteemed John Clayton talks about jeans ,  genes and ponytails in the Sunday New York Times Magazine . Ravens announced that TE Dennis Pitta signed his RFA tender . Rams WR Chris Givens and CB Janoris Jenkins deactivated for violating team rules . Jets benched CB Dee Milliner Thursday night . But people who watched Jets this summer said Milliner struggled mightily . Breshad Perriman has signed with the Ravens ,  per source . RT @giantchristoph Dan Koppen from Denver ,  too .  ...  Correct . One more . But we get only 140 characters to list all injuries . List growing . RT @WolfHall  PLEASE update me on Burner Turner's injury  !  FANTASY LIVES DEPEND ON IT  !  &lt  Don't jump off the ledge   high ankle sprain . Steelers signed veteran RB Stevan Ridley . This truly is one reason why we tweet  report RT @legendpop @AdamSchefter your updates make working in retail on Sundays almost bearable . Jonathan Vilma and his attorney Peter Ginsberg are meeting with NFL commissioner Roger Goodell on Monday afternoon . Th Texans RB Arian Foster I have not ,  nor do I plan to anytime in the near future ,  have conversations with my doctors about any surgery.Giants' WR Victor Cruz after today's practice Im convinced Im playing Sunday.Bills announced they fired DC George Edwards and replaced him with Dave Wannstedt . How bout Roger Goodell's day  ?  Flew to Canton in am ,  flew to Philly for Jim Johnson's Memorial Service ,  back in Canton for Enshrinee dinner . Ubertwitter has crapped out again . Off to Canton tomorrow . If I'm not tweeting ,  you'll know why . Can't take this withdrawl much longer ... It's official Packers signed RB Dimitri Nance off Falcons practice squad and placed RB Ryan Grant and DE Justin Harrell on injured reserve . Bears placed WR Johnny Knox  back  on Injured Reserve . O.J . Atogwe update doesn't sound like Dallas ,  Philly ,  SF ,  Detroit in cards . Potential landing spots include St . Lou ,  Minn and Miami . RT @jay1984saints Do u think saints should trade for lance briggs  ?   ...  Chicago's not trading him . Fans in N.O. ,  Philly ,  elsewhere can relax . Packers WR James Jones is active ,  as expected . Anyone who likes parades should be in Canton this morning . City puts on parade that has to be seen to be believed . 200,000 on city streets . RT @RavensFan13 Any chance Ngata gets a deal today  ?   ...  Nope . Not today . Carlos Hyde and Anquan Boldin ,  both listed as questionable ,  both officially active tonight vs . Seattle . Tennessee reached out to QB JaMarcus Russell last week to gauge his interest in returning . Russell can't yet still rehabbing a knee injury . Correct . Called multi tasking RT @DP1021 @AdamSchefter  ...  Are you tweeting and interviewing on @ESPNEWS simultaneously  ?  Dude .. Cowboys LT Tyron Smith ruled out for Sundays game against Falcons ...  Bills announced that the team has released CB Terrence McGee . It's 11 a.m . This feels distinctly like we're awaiting the verdict in the O.J . trial ,  does it not  ?  An MRI showed Reggie Bush did not suffer any structural damage to his left knee and he could play Sunday at Arizona . RT @Nlnjachuck what about Philly who just lost a safety  ?   ...  Don't believe Eagles will be in the mix on Atogwe ,  but guess we'll see . Former Chargers Pro Bowl OT @MarcusMcNeill73 will retire Friday ,  according to agent @AlvinKeels . Neck injury will prevent him from playing . OverUnder 8 wins  ?  Jaguars HC Gus Bradley announced QB Blake Bortles will start next week . Another Eagle becomes a Cardinal Former Eagles LB Stewart Bradley will agree to terms with the Cardinals later today . Proof  !  RT @Live4Sundays @AdamSchefter When you told me you were not very good at fantasy awhile ago ... I believe you now  !  lol . New Orleans GM Mickey Loomis on rumors of Randy Moss visiting Saints today Absolutely no truth to it . It's a made up story . Zero to it.Rooney Rule in reverse Minority coaching hires have stalled . 49ers announced they have signed S Craig Dahl to a three year deal . RT @daveletsgopitt steelers need asomugha  ...  Not Steelers' style to pay him . Von Miller learned this week he will get to keep more than 1 million from his signing bonus that the Broncos were attempting to get back . Cardinals signed former Vikings G Alex Boone . To all people asking for draft signing updates ,  as I used to tell @docb23 ,  when I have news ,  you'll have news . Otherwise ,  nothing ,  sorry . Allen Wranglers Owner Jon Frankel said that Terrell Owens' ownership stake has been terminated because he violated his contract . Friday's 10 Spot on football's hardest luck cities ,  Peyton Manning ,  Tony Dungy and some Super Bowl history  . Bears S Chris Harris restructured his contract to a two year deal ,  with a 500,000 roster bonus payable March 5 2011   or it's 1 year deal . Lions announced they have signed S Glover Quin to a contract extension through the 2019 season . So Seattle hosts NFC Championship game ,  New England hosts AFC Championship game . Two great venues . Wednesday's best at NFL training camps  . RT @Geeeeemen @AdamSchefter Would the league EVER move Dallas out of primetime  ?   ...  Not while it's crashing an burning . RT @Michael0D0n0van Any chance Pats go after Asante  ?   ...  No chance . Ravens WR Jacoby Jones also inactive . read . Bills QB E.J . Manuel will start today vs . Cincinnati ,  per sources . Tyrod Taylor expected to dress today ,  has good chance to play next week . A team so thin at WR in no position to make a deal . RT @TomPelissero Source confirms Percy Harvin has requested a trade from Vikings . Stat of day Steelers DC and HOF inductee Dick LeBeau is 72 years old and he shot 72 or better in golf 20 different times this off season . Nobody seems to think Charlie Weis is keeping his job . Whispers I keep hearing are ,  don't be surprised if Weis' replacement comes from TCU . Friday 10 Spot Tim Tebow doing things no other QB ever has ,  plus other NFL nuggets . Panthers WRs still have yet to catch a touchdown pass this season . Here ,  here RT @gerbyman @AdamSchefter No worries about the weather tonight in Canton  !  The hall of fame football Gods wont let it rain  !  In a common theme of the evening ,  Kansas City is looking to bail out of the pick . Former 49ers OT Anthony Davis ,  who abruptly retired last June ,  will apply for reinstatement and wants to play in 2016 ,  per league sources . Giants were ultra Twitter friendly . Others  ?  Not so much . Nine teams have banned practice tweets Atl ,  Buf ,  Cin ,  Ind ,  KC ,  NE ,  NO ,  StL ,  Sea . Jets claimed former Giants TE Will Tye on waivers ,  as @FieldYates said . Changes teams and exits in NJ . Cards LB Daryl Washington returns from 4 game suspension faces more discipline next season from alleged domestic incident w ex girlfriend . Dolphins officially signed LB Rey Maualuga and placed WR Isaiah Ford on injured reserve . Aaron Hernandez's request for bail denied . Ravens re signing OT Eugene Monroe to a five year ,  37.5M deal ,  per sources . RT @JosephCanty Thanks @AdamSchefter  ...  Thank you . Great day . Props to the Chris Canty Foundation for all it is doing and giving . RT @HDDesignz Why's the Pro Bowl turn into so much of a who's popular game  ?   ...  You just realized this  ?  Always been that way . 4th annual flag football fundraiser ,  for kids with autism Sunday Sept . 18th ,  3 5 pm ,  East Hills Park ,  Roslyn ,  NY . ESPN's doctor ,  @jocktodoc ,  believes RGIII's dislocated ankle is a season ending injury . Palmer . STL haul for RGIII Michael Brockers ,  Janoris Jenkins ,  Isaiah Pead ,  Rokevious Watson ,  Alec Ogletree ,  Stedman Bailey , Zac Stacy ,  Greg Robinson . saying . Congratulations to a great teammate and man  . And there it is ,  finalized ,  confirmed . RT @caplannfl So Kolb gets a 2 year ,  13 million max deal with the Bills ,  per source . Broncos 2nd year CB Bradley Roby is this week's @EASPORTSMUT Star . #adBills re signed free agent QB Levi Brown to the 53 man roster . Cardinals DB Tyrann Mathieu ,  who tore ACL and LCL last Dec ,  will come off PUP Tuesday now some optimism he will play in Arizona's opener . Those high school seniors had given USC their word a while back . And in return ,  the supposed incoming Trojans got no words in return . Just the news Broncos fans have wanted . So now ,  Knowshon will no longer be a Knowshow . Jets waivedinjured former second round pick Devin Smith . Bills announced that they have re signed QB Tarvaris Jackson . Buffalo is on the move . Bills hired Buddy Nix as GM and Russ Brandon as CEO . Happy new year  !  Closing minutes of ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown ... don't want to miss it . Read the fine @RGIII piece from my friend @JRMoehringer . Best observation of what happened vs . Seattle came from Kirk Cousins . That is all . Redskins RB Clinton Portis is expected to start today . Washington will be without S LaRon Landry and CB Carols Rogers . Happy birthday to our country  !  More important ,  thank you to all the people who have fought ,  or are fighting ,  for our independence . This year's unbeatens are Colts ,  Saints and Mike Ditka on Monday Night picks . Ditka is 12 0 going into tonight . Hasn't picked tonight yet . Packers CB Charles Woodson broke his collarbone . Woodson tried to address the team at halftime and became so emotional ,  he couldn't do it . Love this . RT @ddockett Every year I give 100 kids 100 dollars and take them to toys R us  !  And they love it . Nelson Peterson ,  Adrian's father ,  told the Pioneer Press that the 2 year old in critical condition in S.D . is one of Adrian Peterson's sons . It's not Vick ,  but logical landing spots for Andrew Walter Jax ,  Car ,  Minn ,  Den ,  N.E . Keeps going ...  Today's podcast previewing each NFL game ,  futures for Gary Kubiak and Austin Collie ,  and strategic road stop thinking . Former Browns WR Travis Benjamin is signing with San Diego Chargers ,  as @RandGetlin reported . ESPN's 30 for 30 O.J. Made in America is considered a nearly 8 hour masterpiece ...  Anyone that loves newspapers and writing should read The Imperfectionists . Just finished ,  and Tom Rachman authored a tremendous book . Props . And in the 5th round ,  with the 159th overall pick ,  there's the RB Pittsburgh needed Steelers drafted Florida RB Chris Rainey . Washington free agent TE Fred Davis has contract offers from Bills and Redskins in his pocket as he goes to visit N.Y . Jets . Friday 10 Spot How Donovan McNabb STILL is affecting the Redskins and Eagles ...    Winner of Sunday's HOU NE game hosts AFC Championship Game . ''Twas the night before Christmas ... by @FrankCaliendo.Teams eliminated from playoff contention so far today Eagles ,  Chiefs ,  Cardinals . S Devin McCourty will be re signing with Patriots as @MikeGarafolo reported . Now Patriots will see if they can re sign Darrelle Revis . NFL beat the Patriots in a way 31 other teams never could . After call today ,  Compensation Committee expects to have matter of extending commissioners contract completed in due course ,  per source . Over past month ,  Bills now have traded LB Reggie Ragland ,  WR Sammy Watkins ,  CB Ronald Darby ,  QB Cardale Jones . Picks piling up in Buffalo . A Saints story that doesn't involve bounties and eavesdropping New Orleans uses its fourth round pick on Wisconsin WR Nick Toon . Game of tag is underway Chiefs officially placed their franchise tag on LB Justin Houston ,  per team source . Cardinals announced a contract extension for SS Adrian Wilson that will keep longest tenured current Cardinal under contract through 2015.Latest on Jonathan Martin checking himself into hospital after he felt harassed ,  via  @mortreport . Browns placed TE Benjamin Watson on IR  three concussions this season  and signed FB Eddie Williams to active roster from practice squad . Seahawks are releasing WR Sidney Rice ,  per league source . Rice signed a five year ,  41 million contract in July 2011.Saints busy before league shuts down . They've reached agreement with K Garrett Hartley on a five year deal . Hartley scheduled to sign Weds . So in the end ,  Jerry Jones got Brandon Weeden and Browns got Johnny Manziel . NFL and Vikings discussing giving away tickets to Monday night's 720 game in Detroit for free on first come ,  first serve basis . Former 49ers RB LaMicheal James cleared waivers and is now free to sign anywhere he chooses ,  per source . And some Patriots news . Pats signed second round pick Patrick Chung and released safety Antwain Spann . Thanks . And this ...  RT @DwayneBrayESPN Doctors Seau's brain tests positive for CTE  . Consistency the Miami Dolphins have drafted at least one offensive lineman in every draft in franchise history . This year maybe a trade . 49ers announced they have signed DL Glenn Dorsey to a two year contract extension through 2016 season . After signing former Auburn QB Cam Newton ,  Under Armour signed a multi year deal with former University of Alabama WR Julio Jones . #KnowThemFromAdamJay Cutler on retirement ,  transition to press box & Trevor Siemian talks QB competition.LISTEN  . One reason Marcus McNeill signed his one year ,  630,000 tender today was so that Sunday's game would count as one of three more he'd miss . For all the snow and all the delays on the East Coast ,  it looks like smooth sailing in ,  of all places ,  Buffalo . CB Richard Marshall signed an injury protection agreement with the Panthers so he can join the workouts he has not signed his tender yet . Another top pick from Auburn ,  Nick Fairley ,  will turn pro . Bucs announced they placed WR Mike Williams on IR . Cardinalsarenot expecting wide receiver Anquan Boldin to play ,  though the team has not fully abandoned hopes that he can . But doubtful . Baltimore traded LB Rolando McClain to the Dallas Cowboys ,  per source . So McClain's retirement might be over . Raiders HC Dennis Allen said 1st rd pick DJ Hayden has been hospitalized with an abdominal injury . Disconcerting . Titans LT Taylor Lewan will undergo an MRI on his back . Right about now ,  the Patriots would welcome all the Tim Tebow questions reporters have . RT @mickbag thats 4 RBs you dumby ...   ...  Actually it's spelled dummie . No . 18 ran for 18 career TDs ,  started 18 MNF games ,  threw 18 TD passes at Gillette Stadium ,  played 18 NFL seasons  not via Mosley Manning .Former Cardinals DT Darnell Dockett expected to decide today between 49ers and Cardinals ,  though Rams and Seahawks also interested . Rex Ryan on the league scheduling the Jets in five prime time games ,  including three Monday nighters The league is smart.Excited to co host @ESPYS Red Carpet Show ,  live on Twitter ,  Weds from 6 7 pm ET ,  with @RealJayWilliams . Watch here . Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson has been added to the NFC Pro Bowl roster ,  replacing an injured Matt Ryan . Eagles already have ruled out QB Kevin Kolb and Lb Stewart Bradly from Sunday's game . Smart . Pressure's on Tim Tebow . Brady Quinn is expected to be active today for the first time in three weeks . Tebow must show improvement . Al Davis Tom Cable not done yet . Davis fined Cable 120,000 ,  Cable filed grievance against boss this season . Joe Flacco injured his back lifting . Took an MRI . Team believes a week of rest will calm injury and not expected to miss significant time . League sources say Chargers not actively shopping WR Vincent Jackson nor interested in dealing him . Any trade is a real longshot . Lions WR Golden Tate ,  listed as questionable for Sunday night vs Steelers due to shoulder injury ,  plans to play ,  per source . After losing Olindo Mare to Carolina ,  Seattle reached agreement today with former Steelers kicker Jeff Reed on a one year deal . Interesting in Brady arbitration transcript ,  Loren Reisner was independent investigator ,  yet he was conducting cross examination for NFL . Former Eagles DT Mike Patterson is scheduled to visit the Lions in Detroit . Tuck Rule passed 29 1 ,  with New England and Washington abstaining . Jabaal Sheard is visiting the Pats tonight . No deal yet . Filed to ESPN Pro Bowl guard Jahri Evans and the Saints have reached agreement on a seven year ,  56.7 million deal . Big money . 49ers announced that WR Michael Crabtree and WR Mario Manningham will be placed on the ReservePUP List.If and when Daunte Culpepper signs with Sacramento as expected ,  he'll be reunited with Mountain Lions HCGM Dennis Green . So long to a true pro ,  @miketirico ,  who makes his final appearance on ESPN today ,  25 years to day he joined network . Chiefs starting C Mitch Morse and starting RG Laurent Duvernay Tardif both inactive today . Inexperience in interior part of KC line . Mark your calendars for MNF preseason schedule   Aug . 9 GB at SD . Aug . 13 Dallas at Oak . Aug . 20 Philly at NE . Aug . 23 Arizona at Tenn . did . Lions claimed former Bears safety Chris Harris on waivers . For the next two weeks ,  Archie Manning's popularity is going to surpass Conan O'Brien's . After being stuck in nasty summer traffic ,  few things better than NY pizza to melt away the stress . Love pizza . RT @BobGlauber Ravens open to signing Terrell Owens . Don't forget they got T.O . in 2004 trade w S.F . Owens got deal voided ,  went to Philly . And now ,  a morning update RT @denisleary BP  efforts to plug oil spill going as planned . In other news so is the hunt for Bin Laden . RT @JennBrownESPN Auburn junior QB Cam Newton will enter 2011 NFL draft  ...  Already drawing comparisons to Big Ben R and Josh Freeman . And in between sending and readint tweets ,  please don't forget to vote . Pitt RB LeVeon Bell suspended 3 games ,  fined additional game check for violating substance abuse policy ,  per league sources . He is appealing . Stunner Vikings' OC Norv Turner has resigned ,  league sources tell ESPN . From moment Mike Shanahan revealed he was thinking of benching RGIII ,  there was next to no chance Kirk Cousins wouldn't be starter Sunday . Judge denied NFLPA motion for prelim injunction ,  but is keeping TRO in place for 24 hours to let NFLPA decide about filing appeal to 2nd Cir . Browns re signed linebacker Marcus Benard ,  linebacker Blake Costanzo and running back Chris Jennings . Can't believe this   computer broken . On phone with espn tech support . Losing my mind . So I'm sick AND agitated   not good at 4 am . A world champion is in the house . Other impressive Bills rookie  was TE Shawn Nelson . He looked like a matchup nightmare for defenses . And how long has Buffalo needed a TE  ?  With the 215th pick in sixth round ,  the Detroit Lions select Miami QB Brad Kaaya . RT @giantspathanlon NYG have signed former Eagle and 3 time Pro Bowl OL Shawn Andrews ... team waived OL Cliff Louis to make room . There are NFL teams who believe Raiders' 2nd round pick ,  DE Jihad Ward ,  will need arthroscopic knee surgery that could sideline him 6 weeks . Steelers officially signed free agent WR Joey Galloway . Miami Dolphins' home now will be called Hard Rock Stadium . Naming rights deal with Sun Life recently expired . RT@LARUSSO3626 ... yoko Romo is out . Broncos will be practicing this week at Stanford ,  on the same field that Denver GM John Elway practiced on in college . Bears RB Matt Forte and LB Pernell McPhee didn't even make trip to STL and are out today ,  per source . Tampa Bay's game vs Washington is being moved to Wednesday because of incoming weather ,  league source tells ESPN . Rams' value doubled with move to Los Angeles . Patriots officially Patriots signed RB Joseph Addai today . RT @EricStangel NFL Free Agency Update   The Bears are getting carried away . They just signed the groundskeeper to 6yr72 million deal . NFL has cancelled the last week of the Ravens organized team activities due to team violating practice rules of the CBA . Friday 10 Spot early Saturday am The most impressive streak in NFL belongs to The U . It's on the line Sunday . And here's the @djsteveporter NFL draft remix as seen today on SportsCenter ,   . For all those that asked RT @RedskinsDotCom Clinton Portis Will Start Sunday . Colts have requested permission to interview Vikings asst . GM George Paton for their GM job ,  per sources . Happy Father's Day to my dad ,  the photobomber who has no clue he's photobombing  . Packers and Aaron Rodgers getting closer to long term contract extension that would make the Green Bay QB the ...  Eagles waived cornerback Jack Ikegwuonu and signed defensive back Geoffrey Pope off the Bengals practice squad . Giants are giving CB Dominique Rodgers Cromartie a 5 year ,  39M deal ,  including 15M gtd ,  per source . Broadcasting royalty ... there goes another legend . For three straight hours ,  from 7 10 ET ,  ESPN will air a labor deal review and free agency preview special . Chip Kelly told KNBR the 49ers staff will meet today to discuss whether Blaine Gabbert or Colin Kaepernick will start Sunday at Buffalo . Shapes up as busy bye week for Patriots OC Josh McDaniels ,  Seahawks DC Dan Quinn ,  Broncos  OC Adam Gase ,  amongst ...  This was some great TV RT @ESPNNFL @MarkSchlereth's son Daniel ,  a minor league pitcher ,  surprises his Dad on SC. No practice again today for Steelers RB Rashard Mendenhall . RB Isaac Redman was limited today . Filed to ESPN Broncos WR Wes Welker has been suspended four games for use of amphetamines ,  per sources . With 49ers fearing torn Achilles for Michael Crabtree ,  remember SF WRs Mario Manningham and Kyle Williams coming off torn ACLs . By playing tonight ,  QB Tyrod Taylor should ensure he plays 50% of Buffalos plays this year ,  voiding last year of his contract ,  per sources . KC is having a big meeting with its coaches in a few minutes ... never dull . In weeks leading up to 2012 draft ,  Eagles came close to trading 2nd rd pick to 49ers for Colin Kaepernick ... Last year ,  Brian Orakpo was Redskins' franchised player . This year ,  he is Titans' marquee free agent pickup . A huge thank you to all the fine ESPN people who planned ,  prepared and executed this year's Fantasy Marathon . Made  . Paxton Lynch to Denver . Defending champs now have Mark Sanchez ,  Trevor Simien and Lynch . Let the battle begin . Ravens and former No . 1 overall pick Jake Long reached agreement on a 1 year deal ,  per sources . Long flying to Baltimore tonight to sign . Jonathan Martin's agent ,   Kenny Zuckerman ,  said his client will be on the field 100% this season.Dolphins and Mike Wallace are negotiating a five year deal that one source familiar with the talks said is very ,  very likely to get done . RB Brian Westbrook is a 49er . Signing contract now . So the Oct . 3 game might not be Donovan McNabb vs . Kevin Kolb . Looks like Donovan McNabb vs . Mike Vick . Things change fast . Wow . Jets CB Dwight Lowery will challenge Lito Sheppard for starting job . Even if he doesn't win ,  Lowery will play plenty . Vikings ruled out RB Adrian Peterson for Sunday's game vs . Atlanta . Free agency was supposed to have started three weeks ago today . Wonder how different teams would have looked today ... Trivia Two players from same school at same time won MVP awards in their respective sports . One's first name is the other's last name . Who  ?  The Little Michigan Man always will live on.#ChadTough . RT @ProStarSports Hoping friends & followers take a min to look atRTsupport this little 2 yo battling cancer  . Kudos to Todd Haley on his first head coaching victory   and what could turn out to be Jim Zorn's final loss . Eagles DE Chris Long named Week 2 NFLPA Community MVP for pledging to donate his first six games checks this season to fund two scholarships . RIP Todd Christensen ,  the former Raiders TE who passes away at age 57.RT @MikeReiss Official Twitter feed of Giants  @Giants  notes that NYG will wear road white uniforms in the Super Bowl . Former Lions OT Riley Reiff plans to sign with Vikings  ,  per source . Without yet playing today ,  Carolina Panthers now have officially won NFC South . RT @joedrape 140 character or hours don't do Leah Siegel justice this captures her magical spirit & impact on others  . As @mortreport reported ,  Browns hired Rob Chdizonski as their new HC . Tennessee QB Marcus Mariota ,  who broke his leg Dec . 24 ,  will start the Titans preseason opener Saturday at the NY Jets . The Pressure of Being Marshawn Lynch ,  via Rolling Stone ...  Please take a moment to remember those who lost loved ones at Columbine exactly 11 years ago today . Exactly 50 days until the NFL season kicks off Sept 5th with Giants ,  Cowboys and maybe Dez Bryant . Former Chiefs' WR Jeremy Maclin is scheduled to visit Buffalo today ,  with plans being made to visit Baltimore on Wednesday ,  per source . And there's the choice ...  RT @clarencehilljr Cowboys are expected to sign Jon Kitna as third QB . A blast from the past . RT @avatar81 @AdamSchefter And here I thought the Browns couldn't catch anything ... For my ESPN radio friends in Chicago Cardinals reached agreement with their starting center Lyle Sendlein on a multi year deal . Ravens will hold a public viewing for Art Modell at M & T Bank Stadium at 11 am . 49ers HC Jim Harbaugh on Randy Moss Randys a great target . Hes not a B.S.er . Hes rock solid . We just couldnt be happier with him.Prayers and positive thoughts  . Brandon Graham is the best pass rusher in this draft ,  My prediction Graham will win Defensive Rookie of the Year . #nfldraft . Redskins announced that they have released running back Clinton Portis . Each time Baltimore wins this postseason ,  Joe Flacco cashes in on a 200,000 incentive . #ka ching . Minnesota drafts Christian Ponder and any team that wants Andy Dalton better trade up quick . Bills interviewed Chargers OC Frank Reich for their HC job Sunday ,  per sources . Rams QB Sam Bradford out Sunday A.J . Feeley gets another start . Bears have discussed Tom Telesco as candidate for GM job ,  but not requested permission . Rams have requested permission to interview Telesco . Vince Young and Matt Leinart now both in the game ,  at almost the same time . Ahman Green just became the leading rusher in Green Bay Packers franchise history . Despite his hopes ,  RB Marcus Lattimore is not expected to play this season for the San Francisco 49ers ,  sources said . Lots of Antonio Gates questions  again . Could be like this all season . Man's in pain . Will try to tough it out but no assurances he plays . Aaron Rodgers NFL needs more guys who feel comfortable speaking their mind.Browns hired GM John Dorsey before he could go through his scheduled interview with NY Giants on Tuesday ,  per sourc  . Update Michael Lombardi's title in Cleveland will be VP player personnel . Texans giving former Patriots DL Vince Wilfork a 2 year ,  9 million deal ,  including 5M guaranteed ,  per source . Colts RB Donald Brown  hamstring  ,  WR Anthony Gonzalez  ankle  and DB Jacob Lacey  foot  did not travel to Washington for Sunday's game . And while we're on Wang Chung ,  Eugene Chung was Korean . Eugene Chung was first Korean player to be drafted . Done with Wang Chung tonight . Buffalo decided to sign former Dolphins K Dan Carpenter after its kicker Dustin Hopkins injured his groin during practice today . Browns placed OL Tony Pashos  ankle  and DL Robaire Smith  back  on injured reserve and signed WR Yamon Figurs and OL Paul McQuistan . Anyone else going to break foot  ?  RT @ZachKleinWSB Georgia Tech's Bay Bay Thomas ,  a projected 1st round pick ,  also broke his left foot today . Leading the way on Cincinnati's new contract extension  . Jadeveon Clowney's rookie season four games ,  seven tackles ,  no sacks . Packers WR Randall Cobb has left game with an apparent shoulder injury . Congrats to @AndrewSiciliano ,  the Jim Rome sub ,  for new 11 3 gig on LA's ESPN radio . Andrew will be teamed w former Laker Mychal Thompson . Cardinals' OT Bobby Massie's suspension was reduced to two games from three . Rex Burkhead led Cincy in special teams tackles last year he has started one game in NFL career   rushing for 119 yds and two TDs . Bennie loves his new Michigan @NewEraCap . Will wear it proudly for next week's Orange Bowl vs Florida St . And so it is Redskins WR DeSean Jackson chooses his number ...  Texans and Matt Schaub finalized their four year deal at midnight   nice way for both sides to kick off season . RT @BIGLOS1974 Any word on Nnamdi  ?   ...  No need for Nnamdi questions until there's a new CBA . Court records show while giving his urine sample Wednesday ,  Adrian Peterson admitted to a staffer he had 'smoked ...  Any thoughts on th30,000 fine for Ochocinco ,  @GAtallah  ?  Eagles agreed to terms with LBDE Ricky Sapp on a four year contract . Sapp was selected in the fifth round of 2010 draft from Clemson . Texans placed S Dominique Barber on IR and claimed former Dolphins CB Jason Allen on waivers . Former Dolphins DE Kendall Langford signs with the Rams . 4yrs ,  24M ,  12M guaranteed . Jahri Evans' new deal with Saints ,  which could be announced today ,  is richest deal given to a guard ,  averaging 8.1 million per year . And @OGOchocinco isn't alone . Check out what @JaredDudley619 is saying . Spelled out and up to date playoff scenarios . Lot to process ...  He does RT @SIPeterKing Adam ,  Peterson told me he shakes hands w a death grip because ,  at 9 ,  Daduncle said Be strong ,  leave impression . Bills are placing franchise tag on S Jairus Byrd . RT @mortreport The best analysissolution on NFL rookie wages I've seen yet . @adbrandt on NFL Live @ 4 ET  . During appeal ,  Ndamukong Suh said his feet were numb from cold and he couldn't tell difference between Aaron Rodgers' feet and the ground . RT @djgosox Better chance at making playoffs Dallas or giants  ?   ...  G men . Through 25 NFL games ,  Giants' WR Odell Beckham Jr . now has more receptions and more receiving yards than any player in NFL history . To the surprise of no one ,  Vance Jospeh has postponed his trip to San Diego to interview with Chargers ,  per source . Denver deal on deck . Stop when you've heard this one before . But Bills RB Marshawn Lynch is back in Buffalo and is planning to attend the team's OTA today . Basically ,  Dolphins did not have enough salary cap space now to house the acceleration in Porter's contract . Thus ,  he's still a Dolphin . With 27 completions today ,  Peyton Manning now has 4,137   14 more than former Broncos standout John Elway for third most in NFL history . Statement from Texans GM Rick Smith We are disappointed DeAndre has elected not to report to training camp with ...  49ers agreed to trade NaVorro Bowman to Saints before deciding to release him ,  per sources.So Matthew Hasselbeck goes to Indianapolis ,  Ryan Fitzpatrick to Tennessee and QB shuffle goes on . Not #TBT ,  but time to trot out this Sporting News' classic cover ...  Lions signed OT Corey Hilliard to a two year contract extension . Hilliard is expected to compete for Lions starting RT job . Another royalty check for The Longest Yard . Please match my donation to Make A Wish  . Stat of the month or maybe year This season ,  the Saints defense has six touchdowns while the Browns offense has five . As much chance as me winning the Pulitzer . RT @ibft @adamschefter any chance Peyton Manning gets traded before tuesday  ?  Cardale Jones ... Man plays . Rams RB Zac Stacy traded to Jets for pick 224 ,  per source . Ohio State LB Raekwon McMillan announces he is declaring for NFL Draft . 49ers owner Jed York said his team will begin interviewing veteran GM candidates this week . Current GM ,  Trent Baalke ,  will be considered . 1. New England  Home winning streak will be tested Monday night2. Atlanta  Can take a major step to a division  ...  RT @KennyKing48 what about the Raiders  ?   ...  Definitely see improvement . They will be better . Broncos EVPGM John Elway said on ESPN's NFL Insiders that CB Chris Harris and his shoulder injury will be game time decision for Sunday . On Dec . 14 ,  2016 ,  Richard Sherman wrote a piece for The Players' Tribune entitled Why I hate Thursday Night ...  Browns released one time big free agent acquisition LB Paul Kruger ,  as @MaryKayCabot reported . Production down ,  young players ready . Texans DE Jadeveon Clowney  wristelbow  does not travel for Packers game.Back Sunday in Carolina against the Panthers ...  Tom Brady receives 14 million deferred signing bonus payment today . Packers cut TE Martellus Bennett ,  as @FieldYates reported . Cut him with Failure to Disclose Physical Condition designation . DeAngelo Hall says Redskins secondary is best he's been around  . Ray Rice has won his appeal ,  per sources . Packers Assoc . HC Tom Clements is leaving the team ,  per Mike McCarthy . His contract is expiring . RT @NoBLSavg Posluszny playing despite the sore foreman ... uh ,  I mean forearm   unless George Foreman planning to take out Posluszny . 49ers plan to use their franchise tag on safety Dashon Goldson . Franchise tag for a safety is 6.2 million . If I were coaching the Patriots ,  Tom Brady would not see the field in the second half . Especially considering it is covered in snow . Full Manziel Rosenhaus storyJohnny Manziels second agent this off season ,  Drew Rosenhaus ,  has informed the ...  Victor Cruz visited the home of Jack Pinto ,  the 6 year old Connecticut shooting victim who was buried in a replica Giants 80 jersey . Despite reports he plans to retire ,  Mark Brunell has no plans to retire at this time and still is hoping to sign with a team before camp . As Bill Belichick would ,  or will ,  say On to Buffalo ... Carson speaks ,  Ocho listens . RT @espn Chad Ochocinco sighting WR practices with Cincinnati Bengals    . For those who want to relive it ,  an excellent Packers Cowboys game story from the respected @BobMcGinn  . If Green Bay's @ClayMatthews52 plays linebacker anywhere near as well as he reports ,  he is going to the Pro Bowl this season . RT @aRealMovieStar y is McNabb's value so low  ?  He's 33 ,  due a 6.2 mil bonus on 55 ,  with 1 year left on contract ,  and big payday ahead . Someone's ready ...  RT @DetroitLionsNFL Matt Stafford 12 of 17 for 184 yards and 2 TDs for a QB rating of 145.2.Fact of day If Seahawks QB T . Pryor makes team ,  he will make 705,000 This season ,  Russell Wilson will make 662,434. Via @SportsTaxMan . Jim Irsay said he does not think Peyton Manning is in Colts' GM picture . He will speak with Jimmy Raye . Jerry jones making modifications to a certain part of scoreboard that hangs down   a Mitsubishi advertising sign   raising it a few feet . These are the NFL's dark days In next 24 hours ,  32 teams will cut 22 players   704 men will lose their jobs . Football agents Jimmy Sexton and Pat Dye ,  Jr . announced today their plans to merge operations of their firms . Patriots released WR Taylor Price.Less than zero . RT @Hemium @AdamSchefter Any chance your NFLESPN insiders can comment on Gruden's chances of heading to ND  ?  Rams went Oline early ,  now chance to go Dline later . ESPN's NFL Power Rankings Colts crack top 10 Packers fall . Filed to ESPN Giants reach agreement with S Antrel Rolle   5 year deal for 37 million ,  including 15 million gtd . Rams D line now includes five former 1st round picks Aaron Donald ,  Michael Brockers ,  Robert Quinn ,  Quinton Coples ,  Dominique Easley . Bears announced they signed former Falcons RB Jacquizz Rodgers to one year deal . Chargers defensive shakeup has begun   team has released veteran safety Clinton Hart ,  who has started for them the past three seasons . Asked the Texans if Arian Foster would play today . They said ,  We have eight carries for 84 yards ,  why change  ?  So we'll just have to see . Good chance Browns' QB Josh McCown will miss multiple games with shoulder injury ,  per sources . Rookie Cody Kessler expected to start Sunday . Le'Veon Bell provides a date for when he is planning to report back to the Steelers  . Kansas City LB Tamba Hali signed a 5 year ,  60 million deal that included 35 million in guaranteed money . Sign of where the CBA talks are . RT @judybattista Rooney is not happy with negotiations at all . The negotiators should get it together.End of an era Steelers will release WR Hines Ward . Giants HC Tom Coughlin said WR Victor Cruz officially out Sunday vs . Bills . Apologize for last tweet ,  since deleted . For 1st time ,  account was hacked . Never have nor would post mentions or follows . No one cares . Buccaneers WR DeSean Jackson  foot  and TE Cameron Brate  hip  ,  both questionable for Sunday vs . Packers ,  are expected to play ,  per sources . Remember ,  @Lfitzgerald11 lost his mom to breast cancer in 2003 and is hoping others will join him to raise as much money as possible . At this time of the year ,  Chris Chambers must clear waivers . Each team will have chance to claim him by 4 p.m . Tuesday . Seahawks RB CJ Prosise has an ankle injury ,  again ,  and will not return tonight.Cardinals believe OT DJ Humphries  . Friday Blitz the Patriot who helped build the Broncos . For all curious teams and fans Former Colts S Bob Sanders will turn 30 on Thursday . Still will help someone whenever there's football . Titans HC Mike Mularkey announced Tennessee fired special teams coach Bobby April . Continuing to go defense ,  all defense ,  Eagles draft Kentucky CB Trevard Lindley . #nfldraft . Despite being listed as Q for today's game ,  Cards QB Carson Palmer  elbow ,  ankle  and WR Larry Fitzgerald  concussion  are expected to play . Flurry of activity with law enforcement officials at Aaron Hernandez's house ... latest on ESPN . Filed to ESPN Washington traded DT Albert Haynesworth to the New England Patriots for a fifth round pick in 2013.RT @MikeReiss Story on @ESPNBoston WR Danny Amendola says I'm healthy and ready to play. Ravens market their training camp so well ,  how it should be . Fans close to field ,  tents ,  souvenirs ,  playgrounds   and a great PR staff . If Seattle signs Brandon Marshall to the offer sheet ,  Broncos would have seven days to match   or get back the draft's sixth overall pick . Schobel does want to continue playing and soon will begin looking for a new home . He's from Houston ,  a team that could use a pass rusher . Bill Belichick having none of a reporter's questions that are not about Denver todayQ Is the goal now to ...  Free agent DT Aubrayo Franklin visited today with the Atlanta Falcons ,  where he would be reuninted with DC Mike Nolan . With deals done for Gabe JacksonDerek Carr ,  Khalil Mack will have to wait till 2018 for new deal ,  per sources . Too big to fit under cap now . Dez Bryant is back and so are the Cowboys . Miles Austin just made one of the plays of the day ,  a gorgeous TD catch . Tie game ,  17 17.Bears terminated the contract of vested veteran TE Michael Gaines today . RT @SchultzAJCRT @wparker Great comment on Bucs canning Jagodzinski  Even Barry Melrose lasted longer in Tampa.Two weeks from tonight ,  a Monday Night fundraising Party with the Jets to benefit children with special needs . RT @RachelNichols Parade in full swing in NO . Rode a float with Drew Brees for a little bit   all I can say is wow . Atmosphere incredible . One NFL executive predicted that ,  of this year's incoming rookie NFL HCs ,  Buffalo's Doug Marrone will have best career . Titans had Eastern Illinois QB Jimmy Garoppolo in for visit yesterday . 12 Some rules for upcoming CBA less draft Teams can trade 2011 ,  2012 ,  2013 and 2014 draft choices . And as @Edwerderespn and @AlbertBreer reporting ,  Panthers DE Greg Hardy is inactive . Rams RB Trey Watts suspended indefinitely for violating NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . RT @MrCedarCreek What will happen to Anquan Boldin  ?   ...  Told me today in AZ he expects to play next season in Baltimore with existing deal . Patriots' S Nate Ebner taking leave of absence from team today to begin training for US rugby team and summer Olympics . Returns in Aug . Larry Johnson went from night to day ,  rain to sun ,  cold to heat ,  going from a 2 7 team to a 7 2 team . Updated trade Turns out that Buffalo traded CB Kevon Seymour to the Carolina Panthers for WR Kaelin Clay ,  per source . Thanks for support to @KnowahMein @MannnyB @AshDiggy @2xAught7 @TheBlueScreen @jerees @Live105Madden @tynowell @SamRyanNYC @LOD @Narddawg . Packers HC Mike McCarthy said WR Randall Cobb will be out multiple weeks.Packers RB Ryan Grant will require surgery to correct a torn ligament in his ankle that will leave him on crutches for 10 12 weeks . Vikings giving WR Adam Thielen 3 year ,  17M deal that could get to 27M with incentives ,  including 11M g'teed ,  per source.Cc @blakebaratz . Teams reporting to camp today Ravens ,  Bills ,  Browns ,  Jags ,  Dolphins ,  Patriots ,  Falcons ,  Bears ,  Packers ,  Vikings ,  Saints ,  Eagles ,  Redskins . Cowboys free agent LB Victor Butler visited Steelers on Monday former Bears OT Frank Omiyale visited Panthers on Monday . Ezekiel Elliott will miss his second straight day of OTAs today after being a passenger in a car accident Sunday ,  per @toddarcher and me . Rams focusing so far on lower profile candidates to replace Jeff Fisher . Ohio State QB J.T . Barrett announces he will return for his senior year . Not that he needed it ,  but that's another 2 million incentive for Peyton Manning for SB 50 win . He now has made back the 4M he gave back . RT @AndrewSiciliano Mort reporting NFLPA decertifies in federal court in Minneapolis . Buffalo has placed CB Terrence McGee and OT Erik Pears on Injured Reserve . A closer look at the high number of improbable NFL comebacks this season . When it gets done ,  Orlando Franklin's 5 year deal with Chargers expected to come in close to 36.5 million with 20M guaranteed ,  per sources . Here's how you know Jaguars' season hasn't gone as planned Maurice Jones Drew has thrown as many TD passes this season as Blaine Gabbert . Broncos plan to sign former Cowboys and Falcons LB Keith Brooking . Now Saints poised to take control of NFC South 3 straight home games and four of next five at home . We have 100 bids from @jumpinjimbo1 and @jlagarbo . Do i hear 200 for the autographed Brady certificate  ?  Texans RB Arian Foster will undergo groin surgery in Philadelphia on Friday ,  source told ESPN . As @MikeGarafolo reports ,  a disc issue in Rob Gronkowski's back is being examined and could require surgery . This does not sound good ... Well said . RT @Frinklin @AdamSchefter The punishment disparity between Vick ,  Stallworth and Plax is just preposterous . This NFL news is like a Toyota   it doesn't slow down . Steelers G Chris Kemoeatu was fined 12,500 total for unnecessary roughness.On two occasions ,  Kemoeatu struck an opponent late . As former Jets HC Herm Edwards said ,  This is now Mark Sanchez's job to lose.Exhale ,  Philly . RT @ProFootballWkly Eagles announce that X rays on Michael Vick's left thumb were negative . Jets announced they have traded an undisclosed draft pick to Carolina OT Jeff Otah . Oh boy   Brandon Marshall expected to be in Seattle on Saturday to visit the Seahawks and see if they can hammer out an offer sheet . Jimmy Graham is first TE to be named Offensive Player of Month . OMG  !  @THEREALLENDALE  . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell on Steelers QB Ben Roethlsiberger At the appropriate time ,  I'll be meeting with Ben.NFL and NFLPAs jointly appointed appeals officer Derrick Brooks upheld Rob Gronkowskis one game suspension . RT @RecruiterStacy ESPN.com is seeking a Senior Editor for NFLNFL Draft coverage . Please see Job ID 282840 on ESPNcareers.com for info  !  If there is a bright spot for Baltimore ,  it is this Ravens 1st round pick Courtney Upshaw played Terrell Suggs' spot on defense at Alabama . Based on 2014 ,  Steelers have most difficult strength of schedule  .578 opponents win pct  Falcons have easiest  .410 opponents win pct .Read into it what you want ,  but former Auburn QB Cam Newton said he met last night with the Dallas Cowboys . Buccaneers officially activated running back Charles Sims III from IR . Andrew Luck and Robert Griffin III each will have his Pro Day workout for NFL teams Thursday ,  March 22. Which would you rather attend  ?  Buccaneers and OC Dirk Koetter now closing in on deal to make him Tampa's HC ,  per league source . Done shortly . Cardinals bringing back LB Karlos Dansby . Vikings say they are trading Matt Cassel to Buffalo for an undisclosed draft pick . File this under the If you cant beat em join em category . Broncos returned to NJ ,  stayed at Westin where Seahawks stayed for Super Bowl . While on the Commissioner's Exempt List ,  Panthers DE Greg Hardy will receive his full 13.1 million salary . A working link to help find a cure for Type 1 diabetes . Thank you for any kind of help . Bills' statement on Marcell Dareus' 4 game suspension We are very disappointed Marcell chose to put himself ...  Great to be off the PUP list and back on the field ,  Tuna . Can't wait for game time . Some of the many people who make this whole draft production possible . Free agent WR Vincent Jackson ,  who just turned 34 ,  wants to continue playing and doesnt intend to retire at this time ,  per source . Yikes . RT @mortreport Just left Dolphins Panthers . Bad news for Panthers Pro Bowl MLB Jon Beeson on crutches with at least MCL injury . Ravens close to finalizing deal with former Raiders' OT Austin Howard ,  who's in Baltimore today to take physical with team ,  per sources . Eagles sign linebacker DeMeco Ryans to a 1 year contract extension ,  per team . New deal keeps Ryans in Philadelphia through 2016 season . Panthers deactivated WR Steve Smith . Jets version of Rudy ,  running back Danny Woodhead ,  made the team . As he should have . Kudos . Vikings waived RB Ronnie Hillman . Guess whether me and @mortreport are evacuating buildings in Brooklyn or shooting an ESPN commercial . Jets signed former Notre Dame ,  Lions and Bucs kicker Kyle Brindza to reservefuture contract today . RT @LEBills What do u mean when u say Wannstedt is in line for a position with Bills  ?   ...  Could be asst HC ,  consultant ,  TBD . Visited today . A respected Pittsburgh broadcaster voices his feelings on Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger . RT @Lfitzgerald11 dont worry scheft some people can't read . U obviously said u have a HUNCH Brons leaving . Haters . Brush em off boss lol  !  To honor Veterans Day ,  ESPN just ran an off the charts story on Brad Childress' son ,  Andrew ,  defending our country in Afghanistan . Wow . NFLPA announced it has filed an appeal of four game suspension of Tom Brady handed down by Troy Vincent . Thursday's training camp update Ryan Tannehill injured and Marvin Lewis raves about a rookie.Surprising move Packers releasing Ricky Jean Francois ,  per source . Bears have agreed to trade WR Brandon Marshall to the Jets pending a physical ,  per league source . NFL will not fine Ezekiel Elliott for his Salvation Army Kettle hop . Happy holidays . With Todd Bowles landing in NY ,  Seahawks DC Dan Quinn is now the favorite to land the Falcons HC job ,  per league ...  Excuse the name dropping from Justin Tuck's party ,  but ... Adalius Thomas ,  Shaun O'Hara ,  Ryan Grant all just showed up . More to come . Former NFL commish Paul Tagliabue has informed league and players' attorneys his decision on Saints' bounty appeal hearings will come today . A correction on exact tweet from @sportsguy33 ,  which I'll be sure to note during today's seminar ...  RT @ejmaroun moss vikings . Some real interesting connectinig of the dots @profootballtalk   . Sunday NFL Countdown now on the air . Belichick on McDaniels You see a lot of that in the NFL these days . Im not sure I fully support all that ,  but those arent my decisions.Bengals LB Rey Maualuga is planning to check into the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage ,  Calif later this month for at least 30 days . Packers not expecting Aaron Rodgers to play Sunday vs Steelers unless ,  as one source said ,  something significantly changes with doctor.Former Bucs and Vikings DT Chris Hovan agreed to terms today with the St . Louis Rams . It is going to be a looooong off season ,  @ochocinco . Going to need to come up with activities to stay busy . Looks like you're on to one . And there's a second wideout added Patriots have reached agreement with free agent wide receiver Brandon Lloyd . Eagles officially sign former CFL defensive end Phillip Hunt to a three year contract . Seattle signed 5th round pick Kam Chancellor to a 4 year ,  2.83 million deal . In addition to trying to sign WR Vincent Jackson ,  Buccaneers trying to sign G Carl Nicks . Two top free agents could be Tampa bound . RT @robbiesgro The Eagles can get more than a sixth rounder for  Asante ,  right  ?   ...  Don't think so . NFL now exploring pushing back LA's Super Bowl one year ,  which city is willing to do ,  per sources . Looking like Tampa in 2021 ,  LA in 2022.Ron Rivera to Carolina created opportunities for Dave Wannstedt ,  who is expected to talk with Chargers ,  Panthers ,  Browns and Bills . Should Vikings' OT Phil Loadholt retire today as expected ,  he'll become 14th NFL player 30 years of age or younger to retire this year . Nice conversation w Jason Campbell . Called it a long off season but he's fired up to prove himself this season . Those around Colts owner Jim Irsay say he has been very unhappy with teams performance for weeks now coaches there fear change coming . Denver traded 36 and 101 to Tampa Bay for 31 and 126.RT @creativejordan How does the waiver process work  ?   ...  Worst to first . Winless Bills get first waiver claim ,  6 1 Patriots get last claim . Redskins announced they have named Doug Williams as Personnel Executive . Not a baseball afficianado ,  not even close . But just watched Stephen Strasburg and ... wow . 11 strikeouts on 80 pitches through six innings . Alabama signed the top class and the most ESPN 300 recruits for an unprecedented fourth straight year . My hoops buddy  !  RT @Lfitzgerald11 U better let the people know u are multi dimensional man . ur more than a football guru  !  Get em scheft . Blows keep coming 49ers believe CB Chris Culliver suffered a torn ACL . Lawyers now will be putting finishing touches on the draft of a deal for the NFLPA's Exec Committee and NFL's CEC to review Wednesday . Due to conflicting statements ,  Columbus City Attorney's Office is declining to press criminal charges against Cowboys' RB Ezekiel Elliott . Shot of the day ...  RT @RandGetlin Greatness . RT @DanielSoden Get that money Andy Dalton. So WR Leonard Hankerson wasn't good enough for Atlanta ,  OT LaAdrian Waddle wasn't good enough for Detroit ,  but both are good enough for NE  ?  Alex Mack's 5 year deal with Jacksonville will be designed to make it as difficult as possible for the Browns to match ,  per sources . credential ?  It's not just FOX in pursuit of Cowboys QB Tony Romo it's also CBS making a strong push to add him to its team ,  per sources . 49ers Pro Bowl defensive end Justin Smith ,  listed as Q ,  is not expected to play Sunday night versus Seattle due to his elbow injury . Texans WRs Andre Johnson and Jacoby Jones each are active . Giants very serious about signing Patriots' RB Shane Vereen ...  If you don't mind ,  please vote @20westbrook for the Jefferson Award for Public Service by texting 30 to 99158 . Buccaneers announced today that they have claimed G Shawn Murphy off waivers from the Miami Dolphins . Welcome to the week before Super Bowl 48 ...  RT @Espngreeny The temperature gauge on my car says 1. It is ONE degree outside . Darrelle Revis torn ACL . Done for year . Teams with some level of interest in trading BACK include OAK ,  TB ,  TENN ,  BALT ,  MIA ,  NE  surprise ,  surprise .What do people think  ?  With Georgia OL Cordy Glenn ,  Buffalo building quite the impressive roster . This ssumes either player isn't in Super Bowl   bad assumption RT @espnnfl Tom Brady ,  Michael Vick to sta . Jerry Jones DeMarco Murray appears ready to return Sunday . For what it's worth ,  Jim Harbaugh said he has no meeting with Notre Dame and he hasn't spoken with anybody from Notre Dame . Redskins OT Trent Williams is being suspended four games ,  per league source . Broncos traded a 2017 draft to New England for TE AJ Derby ,  per source . Patriots officially re signed LB Derrick Burgess today and released LB Bruce Davis and WR Isaiah Stanback . RT @PeteThamelNYT Tim Tebow I dreamed of being a Gator since I was six years old and it was better than I could have dreamed.RT @JosinaAnderson Sources James Harrison's appeal hearing is scheduled for today at 2pm eastern via phone at this time . No Itty Bitty upset there . Former Browns GM Phil Savage was raving about Jonathan Allen yesterday says he's a 10 sack a year player for next  . And so Jason Campbell and Colt Brennan go from being teammates in Washington to being teammates in Oakland . Giants WR Sterling Shepard is inactive today vs Chiefs due to migraines . Rams will not tell new QB they're picking him until they're on the clock ,  per source . Expectation is Rams draft Goff 1 ,  Eagles draft Wentz 2 . Prior to NFL schedule release Tuesday night ,  a look at home and away opponents for all 32 teams . Chiefs making strong push to wrap up deal with S Eric Berry by Wednesday's tag deadline ,  per sources . Team determined to keep him in KC . Sounds like there has been a Tom Brady sighting . RT @Sjaber88 How you think Tannehill will fair in the NFL  ?  Can he make all the throws  ?   ...  A lot of teams like him an awful lot . Philadelphia Eagles are saddened to announce that former team president Harry Gamble passed away this morning at the age of 83.Zorn will be back after bye . How much longer ,  who knows . RT @danferdinand No chance Zorn will be safe if they lose ...  what do you think  ?  Clippers will become the seventh NBA team since 2011 to be sold ,  and the sale will be more than three times as much as next closest team . RT @avatar81 @AdamSchefter @SIPeterKing It's before 6am ET on a long NFL Sunday   what are you guys doing up  ?   ...  5 hours till showtime . folks . Re reading 2016 pre draft notes . One says Jerry taking a QB . He told me ,  'We have to secure the future of this franchise.'  Accomplished . Ryan Mallett's contract is up after this season . So time for NE to start grooming a new backup and potential successor . This Cable story on ESPN now is ... wow . Seattle's 1st rd pick ,  OT James Carpenter ,  tore ACL during Weds practice . Seahawks already lost G John Moffitt to season ending knee injury . Broncos and Rams trying to get done a trade for WR Brandon Lloyd . As one official involved in talks just texted ,  Still working on deal.story . An Elway Shanahan connection again  ?  Broncos have requested permission to interview Falcons OC Kyle Shanahan ,  per source . No wonder Sanchez excelled today . Joe Namath gave him a pep talk . Chargers RB Melvin Gordon ,  listed as questionable for today due to a shoulder injury ,  will play vs . Broncos ,  per source . Ravens TE Crockett Gilmore is out for the season after undergoing MCL surgery . Here's to Atlanta's new safety . to RT @SierraKiloBravo We're Charlie Peprah's Lonely Hearts Club Band  ...  we hope you will enjoy the show . Michele Tafoya reporting Favre says he may have a cracked rib . Says he can feel it when he takes a deep breath but won't wear protection . Don't be surprised if former Browns head coach Romeo Crennel winds up as the Kansas City Chiefs defensive coordinator . Cowboys new DC will be Paul Pasqualoni . TE Virgil Green has informed Bears hes staying with Broncos ,  per @JeffLegwold . Bengals signed rookie FB Fui Vakapuna off Arizona's practice squad and on to their 53 man roster . These players know this game can end in a tie ,  right  ?  Eagles announced they've reached a six year deal with former Texans LB Connor Barwin . And with last pick in last round ,  Tennessee makes Southern Miss DB Kalan Reed this year's Mr . Irrelevant . Watching NFL Live and wife turned to me and asked ,  Why is Brett Favre such a commitment phobic ?  Smart woman ,  other than marrying me . Always a great way to start a Monday ,  but this MMQB was especially good all the way around . Do we doubt Favre's return  ?  RT @mycoskie Didn't he say if they make CWS  ?  They're just in Regionals . Have to win that ,  then Super Regionals . Steelers plan to tender ,  not franchise ,  restricted free agent wide receiver Mike Wallace ,  according to source close to Wallace . Seahawks already have said LB Bobby Wagner ,  C Max Unger and TE Zach Miller will not play Sunday vs . St . Louis . Chargers WR Keenan Allen is first player in NFL history to have at least 10 catches ,  100 receiving yards and a TD r  . If you live on or near Long Island ,  here is how you can help children in need tomorrow ...  Being told that a ruling on the injunction to block the NFL's lockout is more likely to be closer to a month than a week . Kent State RB Dri Archer runs an unofficial 4.29 40 yard dash . RT @jaredjohnson1 Are you 99% sure Vikings take Kalil at No . 3 ?   ...  Not in the slightest . I'm 28.3% sure the Vikings take Kalil . Cowboys DE Greg Hardy now scheduled to return Week 5 against Patriots in a game NE currently not slated to have suspended QB Tom Brady . Who had a cooler vacation than Falcons GM Thomas Dimitroff  ?  He spent 3 days last week in Aspen ,  riding mountain bikes with Lance Armstrong . Bengals placed OT Jake Fisher on ReserveNon Football Illness list and signed NFLPA president ,  OT Eric Winston . Cardinals have released running back Ian Johnson from the teams practice squad.Bears DE Julius Peppers was fined 10,000 for his helmet to helmet hit on Packers QB Aaron Rodgers in Sunday's NFC Championship game . Redskins hired former 49ers head coach Jim Tomsula as defensive line coach . RT @espnnfl New York Jets LB Bart Scott fires back at Baltimore Ravens LB Ray Lewis  . As for some late game questions ,  Cardinals RB Beanie Wells and Chargers RB Mike Tolbert are expected to play . With massive power outages in Connecticut ,  ESPN has turned into a cross between a shelter and day care center . RT @RecruiterStacy JOB Ever wanted to oversee the Production of Highlights for @ESPN  ?  See JOB ID 317298 !   More on former Dolphins' OL coach Jim Turner filing defamation lawsuit against Ted Wells . Seattle should present a game ball to Heather McPhee ,  the NFLPA lawyer who represented Seahawks CB Richard Sherman during successful appeal . Marshawn Lynch at media day I'm here so I won't get fined. Over and over and over . Cardinals added LB Gerald Hayes and O'Brien Schofield to their active roster and released WR Onrea Jones and LB Alex Hall . Bills QB Kyle Orton has informed the team of his plans to retire . Judge for yourself RT @Gscott1847 don't know if you posted it ,  but here is the @tsgnews posting of the police reports  . Seahawks RB Chris Carson will undergo ankle surgery tomorrow and Seattle thinks theres a chance he could return later this season . Losing OT Jake Long to Rams is a tough one for Dolphins . Team owner Stephen Ross ,  a Michigan man ,  really wanted Long ,  another Michigan man . RT @MelvinLTate Adam do you believe the Bears can win NFC North if O Line improves  ?   ...  They're good enough to ,  yes . TEN HC Mike Mularkey told ESPN's NFL Insiders he will be very cautious this preseason with Marcus Mariota   goal is week 1 ,  not preseason . Saints cut QB Chase Daniel today ,  so there was one fewer roster spot . AJ Green told reporters he will not appeal his 42,000 fine for his fight with Jalen Ramsey . Lions claimed LB Brian Witherspoon on waivers from Jaguars ,  signed former NYG TE Michael Matthews and RB Cedric Peerman off practice squad . If Rams win this week and Lions lose ,  tiebreakers for No . 1 pick would come down to strength of schedule in games played this Sunday . Now that Jeff Fisher has said door is shut on trading for Albert Haynesworth ,  anyone else still think Washington dealing him  ?  #nfldraft . Interesting name in free agency Colts K Adam Vinatieri ,  who is talking to Indy but looks like he's going to hit the market Tuesday . On Antonio Brown ,  Steelers moved 2 million in salary from next year to sign bonus this year ,  boosting his earnings from 6 million to 8M . Who's the favorite  ?  Well traveled path from Minnesota to Seattle continues Vikings free agent LB Ben Leber visited the Seahawks on Monday . Update from Pro Day of Buffalo LB Khalil Mack One longtime NFL scout just said he clocked Mack in the 40 at 4.45 ... After working at practice throughout the week ,  Colts QB Andrew Luck appears good to go tonight vs Patriots ,  per sources . Just before OT Jake Long agreed to a four year deal worth up to 36 million with Rams ,  Steelers made a play to try to get him to Pittsburgh . Ravens' WR Breshad Perriman will undergo arthroscopic surgery Tuesday to determine if reconstruction surgery is necessary ,  per source . Browns covet Texans free agent to be RB Ben Tate . Should Cleveland land Tate ,  it would have him and Indy's ...  So how can prosecutors in Greg Hardy case not find alleged victim  ?  What is this ,  Gone Girl  ?  Aldon Smith was suspended for 1 year on Nov . 17 ,  2015 and cannot reapply for reinstatement any sooner than 60 days before Nov . 17 ,  2016 . For the first time in franchise history ,  the Falcons have had back to back winning seasons . Another whopper Tampa Bay's Jeremy Trueblood was fined 25,000 for unnecessary roughness  striking opponent late . His 4th infraction . RT @IGO2423 Bill cowher to jaguars  ?   ...  No Bill Cowher to the Jaguars . Tests on Bengals' TE Tyler Eiferts neck today revealed no structural damage ,  but his status for Sunday is in question for now ,  per sources . Correction Houston Texans draft Miami LB Darryl Sharpton . #nfldraft . Tom Brady has agreed to do an on field interview with Suzy Kolber if the Pats win   presumably they will be standing in place this time . Bucs' RB Doug Martin avoided serious injury from today's car accident  . Brett Favre is INACTIVE . Pete Carroll is the 4th coach to face his former team in the Super Bowl ,  joining Jon Gruden ,  Dan Reeves and Weeb Ewbank ,  per Elias SB . Confirmed and crushing tests showed Colts WR Reggie Wayne has a torn ACL . His season and streak of 189 straight games is over . Lions exercised fifth year option on contract of TE Eric Ebron . NFLPA Exec Director De Smith meeting with NFL owners Saturday . He does not sound optimistic that there will be a deal anytime soon . Antonio Brown   easy . Reggie Bush officially out . RBs Eddie Lacy ,  Mark Ingram also out . Jets could use a quarterback just like ... Mark Sanchez . Lions RB Theo Riddick out Sunday . Justin Forsett could get quick work in Detroit . Eagles Dolphins now trying to finalize trade that will send Kiko Alonso and Byron Maxwell to MIA for draft pick comp ,  per leaguesource . Falcons beat the Texans  !  Falcons beat the Texans  !  Atlanta picks 19th ,  Houston 20th . RT @hriefs Madoff actually confessed on this date .  ...  And now there's something else to remember about this date . Hoge and I were only ones to pick Redskins over Broncos . RT @dannydep @AdamSchefter your the only one picking 49ers over pack ... howcome  !  Texans release S Danieal Manning ,  per source . Lions DT Ndamukong Suh is expected to be suspended at least two games . do . No Seahawks players will be suspended for Sunday's actions against Jacksonville ,  though NFL still reviewing melee u  . Daughter just lost her fifth tooth ,  so she's leaving this note for the Tooth Fairy tonight  . Friday 10 Spot early Saturday am as we prepare for a special edition of Sunday NFL countdown at 10 am ET  . Dr . Robert Watkins ,  who performed back surgery today on JPP The timing of his return to football will depend on his response to  rehab .Well ,  that was quite the New Year's Day ... Odell Beckham Jr . and Aaron Donald were part of same draft class . Both would like new deals . Two strategies . Beckham in camp ,  Donald not . And ,  Green Bay's Datone Jones also suspended for first game of season for violating the NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . Busy day for Dolphins ,  who claimed WR Anthony Armstrong ,  LB Sammy Brown ,  DB Troy Nolan and DB R.J . Sanford on waivers . More cuts coming today Panthers releasing LB James Anderson . The 24 point deficit that Washington overcame today vs . Tampa Bay is the largest come from behind victory in franchise history . Colts reach agreement with former Lions OT Gosder Cherilus . NFL policy prohibits players from posting messages on any social media platform 90 minutes before kickoff through post game interviews . Detroit waived DB Erik Coleman Carolina waived OT Jeremy Bridges Jax waived LB Clint Session and Maurice Stovall NE waived Mitch Petrus . Mort & Schefter's Week 5 notebook Tony Romo's new challenge . Jamaal Charles will be in Seattle Wednesday and Thursday to visit Seahawks ,  per source . Jaguars signed Brandon Marshall today . Not that Brandon Marshall . Their fifth round pick ,  LB Brandon Marshall . Jim Harbaugh responds in statement Kevin Gilbride's outrageous ,  irrational statement regarding Justin Smith's play i  . Go ,  @ShelleyESPN ,  a model of strength and courage . Since Tom Brady became New England's starting QB in 2001 ,  this is the first time the Patriots have had sole possession of last place . Waiting for the bus this morning ...  Inactives includeWR Rishard MatthewsRB Charcandrick WestRB Terrance WestWR Breshad PerrimanRB Mike TolbertA  . Deal's worth 30 million ,  including 11 million gtd . RT @JayGlazer Falcons have signed Vikings DE Ray Edwards to a 5 year deal . Panthers announced they have signed former 49ers safety Reggie Smith . Browns HC Pat Shurmur announced QB Thaddeus Lewis and RB Montario Hardesty will start Sunday vs . Steelers . Bucs RB Doug Martin 22 carries ,  265 yards ,  4 TDs . Weekly podcast RT @RossTuckerNFL Podcast w @AdamSchefter Our takes on big hits ,  Favre ,  D . Clark inj. ,  & VY hunch  . RT @fboutsiders Anyone realize Aaron Rodgers is highest scoring player in fantasy football  ?   ...  As T.O . would say ,  that's my quarterback . Bills have named Lake Dawson Assistant Director of College Scouting . C'mon ,  Punxsutawney Phil . NFL does not intend to announce any discipline today for current or former Saints players in the bounty scandal . This week still possible . Texans WR Andre Johnson is active . Colts now have lost WR Reggie Wayne ,  TE Dwayne Allen and RBs Ahmad Bradshaw and Vick Ballard to season ending injuries . RT @CubsCorner @AdamSchefter Adam is Tom Brady a go tomorrow ,  My Fantasy team is dependent on him  ...  He'll be out there ,  yes . Sal Pal reports Eagles finalizing contract extension with Trent Cole . Numbers are set ,  just working on language . Expected to be done soon . Eagles dismiss Juan Castillo and name Todd Bowles defensive coordinator . RT @MattMaiocco Director of player personnel Trent Baalke said 49ers have no interest in Pacman Jones ... and I don't see that changing.So Jets add CBs Darrelle Revis and Buster Skrine . Rex would have loved this D . Miami Dolphins claimed former Titans WR Justin Hunter ,  per source . 49ers DT Glenn Dorsey is out for the year with a torn bicep ,  per source . The official announcement on the loss of a legend and pioneer ,  Eugene Parker.RIP . Good point from @judybattista . If the NFL goes to an 18 game season ,  this would be the Sunday the Super Bowl would be played . Not to disrespect Cowboys ,  Eagles ,  Cardinals or anyone else ,  but Vikings Saints would be a humdinger of an NFC Championship game . Jets released QBs Matt Flynn and Josh Johnson ,  WR Shaq Evans ,  LBs Jason Babin and Joe Mays ,  and placed RB Stevan Ridley on PUP . NFL fined Seahawks RB Marshawn Lynch 10,000 for wearing cleats with a Skittles pattern.Packers have signed WR Max McCaffrey to their practice squad . Julian Edelman's injury costly to Pats and him . Edelman has per game roster bonuses of 46,875. If he misses season ,  Edelman loses 328,125.If and when the two sides finalize a deal ,  the new CBA will be 7 to 10 years . Good . Don't want to hear about this again until at least 2018.Jeremy Maclin's tasty signing bonus Free crab cakes for life ...  Friday Blitz Baylor has turned into a WR factory .  Johnathan Paul Manziel Mug Shot  . RT @jeffsmith7 is Hakeem Nicks playing this Sunday  ?   ...  Sure sounds that way . Jacksonville claimed two players on waivers from Minnesota TE Allen Reisner and G Mark Asper . PHIL ,  BUFF ,  TB also put in claims for Asper . Trotter's now on Eagles emergency list . RT @JY1196 @AdamSchefter Any more word on Trotter in Philly  ?   Has Gaither really been that bad  ?  Vikings are giving Greg Jennings a five year deal . Bucs RB Doug Martin is in a walking boot and did not practice . Sounds like Bobby Rainey and Charles Sims time . Former Bears HC Marc Trestman expected to visit Jacksonville to interview for Jaguars OC job ,  per source . Already has interviewed with Bucs . Jets WR Santonio Holmes' has agreed to a restructured contract and will remain with the team for the 2013 season . RT @ProFootballTalk Nola.com reports that the five new members are Emmitt ,  Rice ,  Randle ,  Jackson ,  and Grimm . Fines keep piling up in Pittsburgh . Steelers LB James Harrison was fined 20,000 for his hit on QB Drew Brees . RT @tazdog79 do they get their money back if they don't land him  ?   ...  If LeBron were re signing in Clev ,  how come he hasn't done it yet  ?  Lions must have some real concerns about 39 year old Hanson . No other reason to sign Cundiff . Patriots simulated game conditions for Sunday by taking a 31 minute halftime break during Wednesday's practice . More  . Cardinals WR Andre Roberts is inactive . Filed to ESPN Cardinals have told Matt Leinart they will release him today . Max Hall will be No . 2 QB . Steelers all time leading wide receiver ,  Hines Ward ,  has announced that he will retire after 14 seasons with Pittsburgh . Bears signed exclusive rights free agents RB Kahlil Bell ,  LB Tim Shaw and DT Matt Toeaina . Due to Hurricane Harvey ,  Thursdays Cowboys Texans preseason game has been relocated from Houston to AT & T Stadium in Arlington . Former Bears' LB Hunter Hillenmeyer admits hating 'coming to work' early in career because of Olin Kreutz ...  Friday Blitz Cost of RGIII keeps rising ...  Broncos WR Wes Welker passed the protocol of concussion tests and now is listed as probable for Sunday night's game vs . Patriots . Miami QB Brad Kaaya will enter NFL Draft . RT @dbritton1 Can NO lose picks for the 2012 draft  ?   ...  Would be a major upset if they didn't . Antonio Browns reworked contract also will save the Steelers about 500,000 against this years salary cap ,  per source . Giants placed defensive tackle Chris Canty and tight end Travis Beckum on the PUP list . Devon Still's daughter ,  Leah ,  scored the first touchdown today at Temple's spring game . Ravens announced they terminated the contracts of CB Chris Carr and WR Lee Evans and placed RB Ricky Williams on the reserveretired list . Cardinals HC Bruce Arians and GM Steve Keim are scheduled to hold a private workout Saturday at USC for QB Matt Barkley . Vick's agent Joel Segal to me on strip club accusations against his client Absolutely patently false. Somebody has some splainin to do . Cowboys OT Flozell Adams fined 12,500 for two plays   tripping Giants DL Justin Tuck AND kicking Giants DE Osi Umenyiora . Ryan Clady and Denver have agreed to a five year ,  57.5 million contract ,  including 33 million guaranteed . NFL and NFL Players Association pledged 2.5 million to aid in relief and recovery efforts in Haiti to assist victims of the earthquake . You mean Jim Zorn isn't the only coach on the hot seat  ?  RT @twitzey @AdamSchefter Two words Norv Turner   'nuff said . Safety Thomas Decoud's new deal with Atlanta is a 5 year ,  17.5 million base package ,  including 4 million in guarantees money . Titans QB Marcus Mariota scheduled to undergo MRI on hamstring . Not much safety in being a safety . All together today ,  Colts cut Bob Sanders ,  Texans cut Eugene Wilson ,  Rams cut O.J . Atogwe . Texans signed third round pick Earl Mitchell to a 4 year ,  3,423,500 million deal . Baseball's best day for birthdays Hall of Famers Jackie Robinson  1919  ,  Ernie Banks  1931  ,  and Nolan Ryan  1947  all born on this day . Stat of day ...  RT @SportsTaxMan Vikings RB Matt Asiata had 3 rushing TDs today . Browns have 2 rushing TDs this entire NFL season . Rams and Mark Barron reached agreement on new deal ,  per source . Barron off the market and to LA . Please welcome my new delicious friend to Twitter @gdcookies . You are not invincible  ?  !  ?  !  Get well soon ,  Big Fella . RT @QBKILLA I do Have H1N1 !  SOB  !  Oh boy ...  Full NFL statement Adrian Peterson of the Minnesota Vikings was notified today that he has been suspended ...  Panthers announced QB Cam Newton will ,  officially ,  start . Working OT Rich Gannon spent the past two weeks working with Chiefs WR Dwayne Bowe and today he's doing same with @Lfitzgerald11.Rob Gronkowski's back injury worse than thought . He is getting surgery tomorrow ,  per source . No time frame on possible return . Friday 10 Spot Tebow phenmenon gets eerie ,  plus other NFL news . Rams signed Johnny Hekker to 2 year extension ,  tying him to LA for 6 seasons ,  giving him 10M gtd ,  highest punter guarantee ever ,  per source . Peyton Manning has faced the same opponent twice in the same season on 27 occasions ,  with his QBR rising five points on average . Saints re signed S Roman Harper to a  4 year deal worth 28.5 million ,  including 16 million guaranteed . RT @Coastiefish  Gates  ?  Anything on Gates  ?   ...  Questionable ,  as usual . Game time decision ,  as usual . Play him at your own peril . Former Seahawks Pro Bowl linebacker Lofa Tatupu worked out today for the Falcons . Sean Payton told Ed Werder that the Saints reimbursed him in week 9 for the 250,000 he paid out of his pocket to hire DC Gregg Williams . Not the best month for Saints RB Reggie Bush Initial diagnosis is that he suffered a fractured fibula Monday night . More x rays in N.O . Here is the NFL filing its opposition to the NFLPA's temporary restraining order in Ezekiel Elliott case . On it goe  . Please welcome Erik Kuselias to 2009. He joined twitter yesterday @Ekshow . First word of it  . People asking why Shanahan doing this . Simple . He wants to learn from great coachessystems and make himself even better when he returns . Rams WR Tavon Austin  shoulder  ,  listed as questionable ,  will play today vs . Arizona ,  per source . Vince Young led a 99 yd TD drive and threw game winning TD pass on a fourth down final play of game ,  the 3rd 4th down he converted on drive . RT @Ironmike3309 @AdamSchefter Please tell me that Michael Turner is ok  ?  &lt  In walking boot after game ,  xrays tomorrow . Status unknown . Now official Seahawks trade C Max Unger and 2015 1st round draft pick to Saints for TE Jimmy Graham and a 2015 4th rd draft pick . More troubles for Cardinals LB John Abraham ,  who was arrested for DUI last month in Atlanta  . Interestingly ,  Dallas also put in a waiver claim for former Patriots QB Mike Kafka . Ricky Williams reached the 1,000 yard mark for the first time since 2003 ,  the longest gap between 1,000 yard seasons in NFL history . If we reach uncapped year everyone forecasting in March ,  eight Pro Bowl players would be among 212 players with less free agency rights . Browns officially placed C Alex Mack on injured reserve and signed former Vanderbilt OL Ryan Seymour to active roster from practice squad . Saints do not plan to use their franchise tag on starting left tackle Jermon Bushrod . He will be an unrestricted free agent . Bills signed six undrafted FAs WR Naaman Roosevelt ,  RB Joique Bell ,  DE Will Croner ,  DB John Destin ,  G Jorge Guerra and DB Stephan Virgil . In 2016 ,  Dallas used pick 4 on RB Ezekiel Elliott . A year later ,  the Jaguars do the same at pick 4 with Leonard Fournette . Statement from Tom Brady's agent ,  Don YeeThe Commissioners decision is deeply disappointing ,  but not ...  Lions used their franchise tag on Cliff Avril . Andy Reid and Jeffrey Lurie scheduled to meet Monday . A team official insisted Lurie has not informed Reid he will be   . Jets plan to hire Seattle Seahawks executive John Idzik as their general manager . Multiple Ravens players privately expressed disappointment that returner Jacoby Jones didn't simply run over Steelers HC Mike Tomlin . Niners target remains Stanford HC Jim Harbaugh . But team also is preparing to speak with Bengals head coach Marvin Lewis . RT @Wishfu21 The helmets in your office are always set up based on story relevancy . Do you do that or some Prod Asst  ?   ...  Don't have a PA . Belgium has been relentless but Tim Howard has been flawless . Johnny Manziel has been indicted by Dallas Grand Jury ,  according to CBS in DallasFort Worth . Former Cardinals DC Clancy Pendergast has interviewed for Redskins DC job . Tweet 1 Reggie Wayne I have tremendous respect for Jim Irsay ,  Bill Polian and the entire Indianapolis Colts organization ,  but ... NFL salary cap for 2017 projected to be 163 165 million ,  for now . Texans officially placed QB Deshaun Watson on IR . Just completed Super Bowl chat on ESPN.com .  Inactive for today ,  amongst others Bucs ,  Titans ,  Jags ,  Browns ,  Texans ,  Vikings ,  Rams ... 49ers' QB Brian Hoyer responds to Kirk Cousins being linked to the spot he now occupies ...  Like MNF  ?  It's staying that way . JJon Gruden has agreed to an exclusive multi year agreement with ESPN ,  committing broadcast ,  not coach . Despite injuring hamstring Tuesday ,  Bills' RB Lesean McCoy is expected to return for regular season opener vs . Colts ,  per league source . Oklahoma RB Joe Mixon turning pro . Bears list RB Matt Forte as out for Sunday . Philadelphia giving Tim Tebow a one year contract ,  per source . Deal expected to be signed Monday ,  before Eagles' off season program begin . A familiar pattern in Tampa ,  confirmation from Jim Irsay ,  and other NFL notes . OT Rodger Saffold and Rams reached agreement on 5 yr ,  31.7M deal that includes 19.5M gtd . Saffold has option to void deal after 3 years . Tom Brady has won 25 consecutive regular season home starts ,  tying Favre for longest streak of consec reg season home wins as starting QB.RIP Coryell ,  Meredith ,  Mosi Tatupu ,  Merlin Olsen ,  Ron Kramer ,  Kenny McKinley ,  Bob Sheppard ,  Rob Lytle ,  Gaines Adams ,  Blanda ,  Tatum . RT @tunasweasel How bout this  ?  If Seattle wins they host playoff game ,  if they lose they pick 8th in draft . Cam Newton vs Von Miller is the first Super Bowl in which No . 1 overall pick from a draft will face No . 2 overall pick from same draft . Eagles are interviewing Seahawks DC Gus Bradley today for their HC job . Some notable QB cuts Dolphins cut QB Pat White and Colts cut QB Tom Brandstater . Saints signed their 2010 fourth round draft choice defensive tackle Al Woods to a four year contract . Chiefs RB Spencer Ware carted off with knee injury . Former Ravens' and Broncos' DL Trevor Pryce to debut kids series Kulipari on Netflix ...  Super Bowl MVP Tom Brady said on WEEI that he wants to give his MVP truck to Malcolm Butler . League is looking into whether Jets violated injury report . Previous fines for such an offense have been between 10,000 and 25,000.Jacksonville has big home game Sunday versus Miami   and Jaguars didn't sell out ,  which means it will be blacked out . Chiefs are signing former Packer Frank Zombo ,  who reunited with KC GM John Dorsey . Steelers placed starting LT Kelvin Beachum on IR with torn ACL and signed OT Byron Stingily . Packers TE Jermichael Finley is expected to undergo arthroscopic knee surgery tomorrow morning and be out at least a few weeks . RT @nflrecord Today is the day that the Great Sean Taylor passed . Please take a moment to remember him and all the Good he did . R.I.P #26.Andrew Luck's base salaries during each year of his contract  . DE Dwight Freeney and LB Clint Session inactive for the Colts . A Teddy Bridgewater sighting   on the field . As for Broncos CBs   Champ Bailey active ,  Andre Goodman inactive . Dolphins also sold out   no blackout Monday night in Miami . Buccaneers announced they re signed QB Dan Orlovsky and restructured contract of CB Eric Wright . Both one year deals . Texans RB Steve Slaton is expected to be inactive today versus Jacksonville due to numbness in his arm . Filed to ESPN Former Jets DE Shaun Ellis and the Patriots reached agreement on a one year deal ,  pending the player's physical . Here we go For first time this season ,  Monday Night Countdown is on ESPN . Lots of fun Monday nights ahead . Hysterical Sears commercial with Brett Favre listening to the salesman say he can't stand when people are indecisive . Ten minutes ago on sideline ,  Peyton said something to Demaryius that made him smile . First play back ,  long TD . They knew they had that play . Steelers TE Matt Spaeth ,  CB William Gay and OT Willie Colon have signed their one year restricted free agent tenders, . RT @JPriv13 @adamschefter do the packers ever run the ball inside the 10 ?  ... A Why would they versus the lions pass defense  ?  A sad day Harlem Globetrotter Meadowlark Lemon has died at 83 ,  according to a NY Times report crediting his wife . No cause of death given . This one is interesting ... We need to come up with final promise . RT @JamesCorbin30 why punish us  ?  I say you shave your head I'll do it too . There's smoke coming off the track LSU WR Trindon Holliday just recoreded one of fastest 40 yard dashes ever run in Indy ,  a blazing 4.22.RT @ddockett Did I just hear this correctly Albert Haynesworth will not be  Mandatory minicamp  ?  And he wants a   . Browns intend to part ways with WR Josh Gordon ,  per @DanGrazianoESPN.Bills announced that the team has released QB Vince Young . Eagles had former Giants WR Sinorice Moss in for a visit this week . Tom Brady has given up hope of staving off suspension ,  but NFLPA still expected to take case to Supreme Court to challenge Goodell's power . Patriots' WR Chris Hogan and Falcons' WR Julio Jones finished with identical receiving lines on Sunday 9 Rec ,  180 Rec yds and 2 Rec TD . Packers fear significant knee injury to OT Bryan Bulagas right knee ...  The N.Y . Times' NFL preview starts like this ...  ?  Titans have a five day window from Feb . 4 until Feb . 9 in which they can cut Chris Johnson at no cost against their sa  . Washington announced it signed veteran RB Pierre Thomas . RT @mortreport Auburn Pro Day about to begin on ESPN3  . Bears announced they signed former Dolphins RB Daniel Thomas to one year contract . Eat your heart out ,  Joe Montana and Steve Young . San Francisco racked up a franchise record 621 yards   311 on ground ,  310 in air . Packers tacked on five more years to LB Clay Matthews contract ,  making him tied to GB for six more seasons . A 5K race to help raise funds for childhood cancer and to remember a family friend's son who passed away last year  . RT @MikeGolicHOFInc The same dog heard barking during recent @MikeAndMike appearance  ?   ...  That's her . My Maggie . Cowboys announced they released QB Brandon Weeden to make room for Tony Romo . Former Browns' No . 1 pick now a free agent . #KnowThemFromAdamRotoworlds fantasy maven @evansilva with NFL tips ,  ESPNs NFL researcher @EpKap with NFL facts.As expected ,  Bears have officially named QB coach Dowell Loggains offensive coordinator ,  replacing Adam Gase . Redskins HC Mike Shanahan in RGIII Without a setback ,  I believe he will be ready for the first game  vs . Philadelphia .Josh Gordons business manager ,  Michael Johnson ,  on type of condition the reinstated WR is in Josh is in the best shape of his life.Former Chiefs OT Eric Winston visited the Chargers this weekend . Broncos QB Tim Tebow's deal has a max value of 33 million . It is a five year ,  11.25 million deal that includes 8.7 million guaranteed . In the process of eating a full jar of cookie dough yesterday   really   sources believe @espngolic cut his finger unscrewing the jar . With more perfect games . RT @jeffgrove Not a huge Favre guy ,  but thought this an interesting question   is he the Nolan Ryan of football  ?  St . Louis called Brett Favre ,  asking if the 44 year old QB if he would be willing to play . Favre declined . More to story on ESPN all day . New punter for Pittsburgh . RT @espnnfl Punter Jeremy Kapinos signed by Pittsburgh Steelers  . RT @AndyKent Marcus Allen in Super Bowl XVIII is up there or John Riggins in SB XVII  ?   ...  Runs for the ages   but not as good as Lynch's . Cowboys LB Sean Lee's agent announced his client agreed to six year contract extension ,  tying him to Dallas through 2019.Bobby Bonilla collects 1.193M from Mets today ,  as he will each July 1 through 2035 makes more this yr than R . Wilson has in each NFL year . Vikings reached agreement with former Seahawks tight end John Carslon on a five year ,  25 million deal . Hail to the Chiefs 3 0 ,  and impressive doing it . Filed to ESPN Seahawks signed first round pick Earl Thomas to a 5 year ,  21.1 million deal that includes 12.32 million guaranteed . Robert Mathis was suspended four games for taking Clomid ,  the same substance Manny Ramirez once was suspended for . Oh man ...  Former USC and Jets' RB Joe McKnight ,  28 ,  killed in Louisiana . RT @BranDUMB Did you not see the Vick move coming ,  or are you shocked it was made so early  ?   ...  No one saw it . But it was the right move . Decal the Raiders have placed on their helmets ,  remembering Las Vegas  . Bulls G Rajon Rondo out indefinitely with a thumb fracture he suffered in Game 2.Big move Arian Foster has been told the Texans are releasing him ,  per a source close to him . After great run ,  Foster finished in Houston . Carson Palmer signed 119M deal w Bengals Dec . 29 ,  2005 tore ACL 10 days later . Palmer signed 50M deal Fri AZ fears he tore ACL today . The full Daunte Culpepper story on ESPN.com And another . RT @NFLSTROUD WR Antonio Bryant will miss preseason w torn meniscus in knee . He will undergo surgery but play vs . Dallas . New definition of Ugly Americans What London is getting in the Broncos 49ers matchup . So Chris Johnson's ready to run track and ...  RT @JonesDrew32 I've been swimming with this rehab and I feel like joining the US swim team . New England hired former Notre Dame defensive coordinator Corwin Brown ,  a former N.Y . Jets assistant coach ,  as its defensive backs coach . Aaron Rodgers will start Sunday . Packers exec Eliot Wolf has withdrawn his name for 49ers' GM job ,  as @TomPelissero reported . He didn't feel it was the right time . Jim Irsay to John Clayton We want him back . We can work out the contract if he wants to work it out . It's going to be Peyton's call.''RT @MSpotanski Could Minnesota still sign Randy Moss although Rick Speilman said he doesn't want him  ?   ...  No . Catering not good enough . Full Gruden Camp TV schedule   . Got up a short time ago and saw this ...  it's priceless . Must see . RT @antbanks3 keep the dream alive ,  youre only about 2.5 million followers away  !  Asante Samuel is on trade block ,  Aqib Talib meets today with Goodell ,  Terrell Thomas is out for year ,  Brent Grimes is a UFA after season . Potential hope for Packers and Jets No . 6 seed has prevailed in four of last five No . 1 vs No . 6 matchups in the NFL postseason . Mike Shanahan intends to sit down Dan Snyder at end of year to see if they can work out arrangement that works for both sides next season . WRs Josh Gordon and former Colt LaVon Brazill will have their season long suspensions reduced to 10 games ,  per sources . 49ers HC Jim Harbaugh ,  whose team has been wheeling and dealing I have newfound respect for people who trade for a living.Odell Beckham Jr . inactive.Cuba trip spared . More deals Browns re signed quarterback Seneca Wallace to a three year contract tonight . A handful of teams had Bills WR Sammy Watkins as the No . 1 player on their board . 49ers LB Aaron Lynch suspended for first four games . RT @MikeReiss Here is the Logan Mankins story on ESPNBoston.com . One more into Tennessee's mix ,  and a significant one Titans requested and received permission to interview Giants DC Perry Fewell . No matter what happens this week ,  we know there will be at least some football next season . Hello ,  UFL .  RT @PWalters will the Jets be off the hook for the 5 Mil if Alan Faneca signs  ?   ...  Nope ,  Faneca gets to double dip this season . Todd Bowles traveled to Foxboro and will coach the Jets today . Well done ,  Sydney Seau . Beyond well done . love .No on Sedrick Ellis . He's out . RT @DavidStidham @AdamSchefter Sedrick Ellis going to play  ?  Patriots have informed LB Tully Banta Cain ,  who had 15 sacks the past two seasons ,  that he will be released Thursday . Filed to ESPN Browns RB Trent Richardson to Indy for Colts' first round pick . Quakertown motel room has fireplace and jacuzzi . Who'd they think I was bringing back here  ?  !  ?  !  Saints reached agreement on a four year ,  12 million deal with running back Pierre Thomas ,  pending him passing his physical . San Francisco is expected to make sweeping changes ,  dismissing both HC Chip Kelly and GM Trent Baalke ,  league sources tell ESPN . Browns DE Myles Garrett injured his  ankle during practice today and was not able to finish ,  HC Hue Jackson said . SF signs WR Austin Collie ,  SEA signs WR Early Doucet . Even pre season is like off season leading up to regular season . Now that Jeremy Lane failed his Texans physical ,  he reverts back to the Seahawks ,  per source . Lane a Seahawk once again . Turns out Packers RB Ty Montgomerys rib injury is not as bad as GB thought ,  per source . Montgomery is day to day and could play vs . Dallas . Redskins released kicker Neil Rackers . Rams WR  Robert Woods discussed whether his hot streak is sustainable ,  plus more.Raiders fear safety Nate Allen tore his ACL more tests today . Oakland's other starting safety Charles Woodson injured shoulder ,  MRI today . Outstanding ...  QB Matt Cassel just passed physical with Bills trade with Vikings about to become official . Happy anniversary to Jon Gruden and Bruce Allen   one year ago today ,  the Buccaneers fired them . RT @mjohnsonsJoker McFadden or Michael Bush ,  any news  ?   ...  McFadden out ,  Bush starts . ESPN's Ed Werder reports Albert Haynesworth has been informed that he will play primarily on passing downs ,  rushing from an inside position . Vikings announced they will report to Minnesota State University ,  Mankato ,  on Sunday ,  July 31 ,  for Training Camp . Whenever this football madness ends ,  going to sit down and play the champ @MikeTyson's iPhone game  . Wells report also concludes it's probable that Patriots deliberately deflated balls and Tom Brady was generally aware.RT @TheRedzoneorg Report Zampese to stay with Bengals  . Another Longest Yard royalty check   20.45. Cha ching  !  Please check out my new friend on Twitter ,  @CaaFootball . A great event with the Broncos to support Colorado's Make A Wish ...  Impressive   Jamaal Charles is the first RB ever to rush for 1,100 or more yards on fewer than 200 carries . Let's see how week plays out but Tennessee's interest in Chargers OC Ken Whisenhunt should not be discounted . It's real and it's viable . And here is New England's response ...  Tenders also give fans a glimpse into the window of what teams think of certain players . The 7 teams that travel to LA in 2016 to face Rams 49ers ,  Bills ,  Cardinals ,  Dolphins ,  Falcons ,  Panthers ,  Seahawks .  vs . Giants in London .Breaking  because I want to feel like @chrisbroussard Celtics F Paul Pierce has right ankle wrapped and on ice . Mike DAntoni has resigned as Lakers HC ,  General Manager Mitch Kupchak announced . More Randy Moss material in this week's 10 Spot ,  plus info on Browns RB Peyton Hillis ,  and Cards rookie QB Max Hall  . Front page of today's NY Post ,  starring Gen . Coughlin . NFL ,  Bucs ,  Dolphins ,  Jags uniting to support victims families and survivors of Orlando tragedy ,  contributing 400,000 to OneOrlando Fund . Official announcement from Vikings on their new RB  . Crabtree clarifications To play this year ,  he must sign by Nov . 17. Next day he could be traded is March 5 ,  2010. Draft is April 22 ,  2010.Cardinals hired Terry McDonough as Eastern Regional Scout . Brother Ryan is Suns' new GM ,  making the McDonough's Arizona's first family . No idea of the difference . I just tie the tie ,  that's it RT @markstruppa @AdamSchefter Everyone wants to know   Windsor or Double Windsor  ?  No practice today for either Jake Delhomme or Seneca Wallace . Colt McCoy taking reps with first team ,  and likely will Sunday at Pittsburgh . Panthers WR Steve Smith is ACTIVE . Totally agree with league during games ,  players should be playing ,  not tweeting . When game is over ,  players can tweet all they want . We have found Olindo Mare  !  He reached agreement with Panthers on a 4 yr deal for 12 million with a 4 million signing bonus . With concerns about Andrew Luck ,  Colts working out former Giants QB Josh Johnson . Notable injury updates from FridayChiefs RB Jamaal Charles  out ,  knee Texans RB Lamar Miller  questionable ,  ...  Many ready to ticket Jim Harbaugh to Michigan . It very well might turn out right . But one source last night No agreement . No deal done.Broncos QB Trevor Siemian not at practice today . Looking more and more like rookie Paxton Lynch vs Jaguars . Myra Hiatt Kraft ,  a dynamic woman and the wife of Robert Kraft ,  passed away this morning . Condolences to the Kraft family . Anytime a player hires a new agent ,  he usually wants a new deal . Texans WR Jacoby Jones hired Kennard McGuire ,  Andre Johnson's agent . Prayers ...  RT @bhofheimerespn Boston Marathon news is horrible . Photo of explosion at Copley  via @BostontoaT . Texans take one of the top CBs off the market ,  reaching agreement with Kareem Jackson on 4 year deal ,  per source . In return for RB Mike Gillislee ,  Bills will receive Patriots' fifth round pick . RT @StevenSaal You do realize that Harrison first said Kerry wasn't tough .  With all due respect ,  you should've check that . With Giants S Stevie Brown having started nine straight games while contributing key plays ,  the team placed him on Pro Bowl ballot today . RT @mortreport  Jake Delhonme and Seneca Wallace both inactive for Browns ,  so Brett Ratliff will be backup to Colt McCoy vs . Steelers . Jets LB David Harris did not participate in practice today due to his ankle injury.On the morning Chicago traded for Jay Cutler ,  Washington had framework of a deal with Denver two 1s and two 3s for Culter . Bears topped it . Earlier today ,  Jets announced they released LB Bart Scott ,  LB Calvin Pace ,  S Eric Smith and T Jason Smith . Stephen A weighs in with what some are bracing for  . Jacksonville traded QB Blaine Gabbert to SF for a 6th round pick ,  per sources . Cleveland had said it would not reheat its HC candidates from last year but it is making exception for in demand Chargers OC Ken Whisenhunt . Cheers  !  Pete Carroll just said on Sirius that the Seahawks have signed QB J.P . Losman . Update from @mortreport Cards visit with Andy Reid is off ,  Chiefs have not scheduled other visits with candidates ,  hoping to wrap deal Fri . Donations to honor Ickey Woods' son can be made to the Ickey Woods Youth Foundation . 916 Surrey Trail ,  Cincinnati ,  Ohio 45245.Packers CB Charles Woodson broke his collarbone ,  as @JayGlazer reported . Expected to miss at least a month . Colts lost against divisional AFC South foe for first time in 17 games ,  dating back to week 15 of 2012 season vs Texans . RT @ybchoi You meant to write unworthy in quotes regarding Seahawks right  ?   ...  I thought people understood . Guess not . Chargers releasedK Nick NovakWR Austin PettisTE John Phillips . Billy Cundiff just saved his job and a game . Chiefs After discussions between the league office ,  Head Coach Romeo Crennel and Chiefs team captains ,  the Chiefs adv  . Ah ,  misread . Will take Steelers in AFC North ,  Packers in NFC North . But feel a lot better about NFC N than AFC N ...  Fired HC Gus Bradley is flying back to Jacksonville with the Jaguars . Worst part of preseason are the injuries Chargers WR Vincent Brown broke his ankle . Terrible . Former Boston Patriots quarterback Vito Babe Parilli ,  passed away at the age of 87.NFL preseason rushing leader Lions' Zach Zenner ,  183 yards.Receiving leader Redskins' Rashad Ross ,  266 yards . Both should have won jobs . Steelers LB James Farrior is active today Steelers LB LaMarr Woodley is not . RT @WesleyKaminsky @AdamSchefter whats the word on Benson  ?  Hip flexor strain ,  though not sure how severe   severe enough to sideline him . RT @McClainonNFL Former Pats DE Ty Warren is headed to Houston to visit with the Texans . He's visiting with the Broncos today . RT @halifaxsig Mccourty outpacing Suh for DROY  ?   ...  Nope . Suh's outpacing McCourty ,  but those are the top two defensive rookies . Jets inactives include RB Joe McKnight ,  G Vladimir Ducasse ,  S Brodney Pool and TE Jeff Cumberland . After consulting with doctors ,  WR Steve Breaston has decided not to undergo the Regenokine procedure in Germany ,  acc  . Saints and Jimmy Graham closing in on long term deal to make him highest paid TE in NFL history . Now optimism deal done by Tues deadline . RT @toddarcher Just filed to @ESPNDallas   Cowboys sign K Shayne Graham . Made 86% for his career . Nebraska's Sam Foltz ,  Michigan State's Mike Sadler die in car crash . Raiders announced they released WR Darrius Heyward Bey ,  DB Michael Huff and DE David Tollefson and re signed DB Phillip Adams . Seahawks not expecting RB Marshawn Lynch to be available Sunday vs Steelers . Awaiting word Tuesday on abdominal injury and possible surgery . Sean Payton on Drew Brees' status for Sunday vs . Dallas  I think he's planning on  starting  ,  and I think we're planning on starting him.Want to thank Twitterverse for near 4,000 followers in 10 days . Look forward to more tweets on device that has stolen my love from Blkberry . Assistant Head Coach OffenseOffensive Line Coach Doug Marrone has been named Jacksonville's Interim head coach . Turn out the lights . Please cast your vote as to who will win tonight's Best Picture . Browns claimed former Bucs S Sabby Piscatelli on waivers today . #KnowThemFromAdamPhilip Rivers on health of Keenan Allen ,  fatherhood lessons ,  moreLISTEN  . More on the fear that Dolphins' QB Ryan Tannehill now will need season ending surgery ,  sources say ...  As @RapSheet and @AnwarRichardson reported ,  NFL fined Lions DT Ndamukong Suh  30,000 for kicking Matt Schaub . Awakened to what sounded like someone rifling through my room . Turned out to be ice smashing into window . Ice storm meet Media Day . With health questions at QB this week ,  Browns signed former Packers QB Matt Blanchard to their practice squad . RT @sharper42 Now let's party and think about repeat . And yea I said it ,  repeat  !   ...  Nice ,  but what if you leave there as a free agent  ?  Falcons RB Tevin Coleman ruled out Monday night due to concussion . Browns cut DL Phil Taylor . Ownership of the Jacksonville Jaguars was transferred today from Wayne and Delores Weaver and their partners to Shahid Khan . And by the way ,  that was my virgin Twitter . I've joined the Twitter revolution . Looking forward to providing NFL nuggets . Redskins officially downgraded TE Jordan Reed to out Sunday due to his most recent concussion . Strong words from 49ers' HC Jim Tomsula Its a sad day . This is a day that doesnt have anything to do with ...  Denver gets a 4th from SF . #nfldraft . And as @MikeTriplett reported ,  Saints are giving former Broncos CB Champ Bailey a two year deal . RT @FeinttwiN WOW  !  That Tim Tebow doc on ESPN was AMAZING  !   ...  For those interested ,  it re airs tonight on ESPN2 at midnight EST . On Jets' flip card ,  team lists mark Sanchez and Tim Tebow as No . 2 QB ... Colts reached agreement with former Patriots WR Deion Branch ,  in same week they play New England . Amongst the names that have come up in trade discussions before Tuesday's trade deadline Paul Kruger ,  VInny Curry ,  Jared Cook . RT @erik5032 @AdamSchefter Jake Reed's twitter page is saying he just spoke with Orlando and his Wife ... O.T . is not dead according to Reed . After AZ ,  OAK and BUF each made QB moves last week ,  one NFL GM predicted these quarterbacks in this draft are going to fall like logs.Washington's wish list grows . RT @JosinaAnderson Redskins have requested permission to interview Giants defensive coordinator Perry Fewell . Jack Del Rio on Peyton Manning He'll definitely play this week.Texans released SS Quintin Demps ,  RB Chris Ogbonnaya ,  P Brad Maynard and WRs Dorin Dickerson and Trindon Holliday amongst others . Pittsburgh on its way to postseason . Walking around Ann Arbor ,  spotted this picture of a Michigan coach and a future NFL coach . Just as everyone expected Bears QB Josh McCown and Eagles QB Nick Foles are tied for NFL's lowest interception percentage this season . Bucs CB Greg Schiano said CB Eric Wright will be suspended by the league for the next four games for violating PED policy . And @mortreport reports he'd expect the Browns to snap up QB Johnny Manziel with the No . 4 pick if he's still there . Packers HC Mike McCarthy told @AdamSchein that @GregJennings could undergo surgery on his groin . One of the options being considered . Former 49ers' LB Aldon Smith is signing a one year deal with the Raiders ,  as @JasonColeBR reported . Smith stays in Bay Area . Seahawks VPAdministration John Idzik is scheduled to interview Wednesday for the Jets GM job . Roger Goodell likely to reach a new decision in coming weeks ,  but it will mot be before this weekend's games . Kudos  !  And now ,  according to Bill Johnston ,  the Chargers have signed RB Jackie Battle . San Diego loading up . Vikings WR Percy Harvin named Offensive Rookie of the Year . A link to today's just completed chat on ESPN.com .  Texans WR Andre Johnson told people in his organization Saturday that he planned to play today against Oakland despite his ankle injury . Blows to Dallas D keep coming Cowboys CB Orlando Scandrick suspended first four games of season for performance enhancing drugs . Browns RB Peyton Hillis is out today . Tom Coughlin opened his conference call with reporters by bidding farewell to punter Steve Weatherford in a ...  Johnny Manziel has been indicted by Dallas Grand Jury ,  per CBS in DallasFort Worth and ESPN's @JohnBarrESPN.Upon further review ,  @profootballtalk was first to report the news of Mario Manningham's deal in San Francisco . Ruling is reversed . And so we ,  and Terrelle Pryor ,  wait . RT @gregaiello No date yet for supplemental draft . Falcons are making RB Steven Jackson a captain for the coin toss today against his former Rams team . Lovie Smiths contract contains the clause that gives him final say over all personnel matters on the Buccaneers' final 53 man roster . Packers' Edgar Bennett was promoted in February of 2015 and is now longest tenured OC in NFC North . Khalil Mack is the first player with at least 5 sacks in a game since Aldon Smith had 5.5 on November 19 ,  2012.Hall of Fame game will be Aug . 8 in Canton   Bengals vs . Cowboys . Texans WR Kevin Walter inactive today ,  @TacobyBellsbury . Jets have requested permission for GM interviews with Chiefs DPP Chris Ballard and Dolphins director of college scouting Chris Grier . Seahawks support Colin Kaepernick's message ,  mull Week 1 protest . N . Suh will be fined 70,000 and get to play game in which each Lions player collects 22K for WC round ,  per @SportsTaxMan . Costs Suh 48K . Javon Belcher's agent Joe Linta I'm in shock . So out of character . He was the last person in the world you would expect to do this.RT @espnnfl Jets' Santonio Holmes Steelers' Troy Polamalu 'greatest player' he's played with or seen pla ...  One day after meeting w Chip Kelly and Bills asst HC Anthony Lynn ,  per  . Will happily take one more matchup between these two teams . Kudos to @SharpDecisions V.E.T.S Program for giving veterans a chance at a job in technology . Check it out ...  Cardinals' Michael Floyd not only WR injured Wednesday . Jaguars' WR Marqise Lee strained his hamstring and will be out the next two weeks . For those asking why Patriots suspended two employees if those two did nothing wrong ,  as New England claims NFL ...  Text from Cowboys player seconds ago No idea . We have a 3 p.m .  CT  meeting.RT @MoveTheSticks On a scouts watch ,  Haden just ran 4.59. Berry ran 4.50.DE Cassius Marsh traded from Seattle to New England ,  per source . Browns missing starting DBs . Chiefs season might already be in the toilet ,  according to this report . Congratulations to our boss ,  John Wildhack ,  the new Syracuse AD . A great 36 year run at ESPN . Early this morning ,  the Jets and CB Antonio Cromartie reached agreement on a new deal . Vikings likely to pass on Bridgewater's fifth year option . Patriots announced they officially have signed veteran CB Darrelle Revis . Packers WR Jordy Nelson ,  Giants WR Victor Cruz expected to play Sunday . RT @OurandSBJ Super Bowl overnighht 46.468 is the highest rated Super Bowl in the metered markets in 23 years . Pelicans' F Anthony Davis lost 24 million today when he wasn't voted to any of the All NBA teams his contract dropped from 145M to 121M . Latest update on the CBA talks now in a critical ,  and perilous ,  state . And so the Giants started the week ,  and the Browns are continuing it . Changes underway in Cleveland . Showing NFL Films highlights of this year's Hall of Famers . Bob Hayes first   nobody could catch him . He helped make the Cowboys . CLEV hiring former Chiefs VP of Player Personnel Bill Kuharich to assist new Browns GM Ray Farmer ,  per sources . They worked together in KC . Meet the Jets and help sick and disabled kids . 20% off through Sunday . Green Bay Packers placed their franchise tag on DT Ryan Pickett . The DT franchise tag is 7 million . Pickett not going anywhere . Falcons expect Julio Jones and Sean Weatherspoon to play today . Next court dates Aaron Hernandez ,  Dec . 13th Carlos Ortiz ,  Nov . 20th Ernest Wallace ,  Nov . 8th and Shayanna Jenkins ,  Nov . 6th . Tipping picks big topic Thanks to @ShermanReport and @richarddeitsch for explaining here  . Bucs host Titans in week 1. Could be Jameis Winston vs . Marcus Mariota right smack off the bat . Nice scoop ,  Michael . RT @MrMichaelSmith As expected Hue Jackson is the new coach of the Raiders . Contract finished . Players suspended for PEDs or personal conduct must stay away from team but there has been some leeway given to ...  Dolphins 2nd rd pick Xavien Howard underwent arthroscopic knee surgery ,  was placed on PUP ,  Miami expects him back by regular season opener . No truth to the rumor that Chuck Bednarik is next on the Eagles LB checklist . Eagles have gotten significant compensation for QB Sam Bradford   don't be surprised if it's a 1st round pick . Chargers TE Antonio Gates is listed as doubtful for Sunday's game against Houston . Raiders closing in on naming Jack Del Rio as their next head coach ,  which is expected to happen as early as today ,  per @mortreport . Yesterday I tweeted that when I was in college ,  I aspired to be Mitch Albom . These days ,  I aspire to be Peter King . Winning Super Bowl is incentive enough ,  but in Peyton Manning's case ,  it also would mean cashing in on a 2 million SB win incentive . RT @IanOConnor reading body language here at Knicks presser in Garden ,  Mike D'Antoni is pretty much resigned to defeat on LeBron front . Bill Belichick live on ESPNews ... Heading into tonight's game vs . Bengals ,  Patriots have won a record 31 consecutive regular season home games against AFC opponents . RT @SunnyDiesel i'd like to see you with some facial hair . Maybe add 5 years to ya .  ...  Guess you've never seen me at 5 pm . Not an issue . FWIW Free agent DE Greg Hardy is scheduled to take a physical with the Cowboys in the morning . Broncos' RB CJ Anderson could miss multiple games with knee injury   could even be extended layoff depending on extent of injury . Seahawks have released WR Ruvell Martin and C Chris White and signed OT Breno Giacomini and QB Zac Robinson off practice squad . Interest in T shirts honoring Colts coach Chuck Pagano has been ChuckStrong . Best Chance to Win Super Bowl ,  per ESPN's Football Power Index Cardinals 29%Panthers  20%Patriots    18%Broncos   11%Seahawks 6% . 49ers paid David Carr good backup QB money   two years ,  6.25 million ,  with another 1.87 million worth of incentives . Bears LB Danny Trevathan is appealing his two game suspension for violating NFL player safety rules ,  per source . Appeal this week . RT @jaguarsinsider Maurice Jones Drew ,  Justin Durant and Zach Miller have been declared out for Sunday's game . By releasing Jeremy Maclin post June 1 ,  Chiefs save 10 million against cap.Chiefs top WRs are Tyreke Hill ,  Chris Conley ,  Albert Wilson . Patriots allowing 457 yds per game ,  6th worst by any team through 4 games since merger only 1 of those teams won a playoff game 2011 Pats . Dallas also considered trading 4th overall pick to Baltimore for Ravens' 1 and 4 ,  but Cowboys balked at end ,  nervous they wouldn't get RB . More confirmation Tom Cable is back in 2010 Raiders asst coaches have been informing players that staff will remain intact next season . And now ,  Michigan ,  60 minutes to immortality . #HailToTheVictors . San Francisco 49ers announced they have placed WR Kyle Williams and RB Kendall Hunter on the Injured Reserve List . So I guess all the people in Buffalo now can get back to The T.O . Show ... Texans free agent RB Justin Forsett scheduled to visit Jaguars today . Hue Jackson about to start conference call in which he is expected to announce QB DeShone Kizer as the official Week 1 starter vs . Steelers . Saints reached agreement with TE Jimmy Graham ,  their 2010 third round pick ,  and signed QB Patrick Ramsey to a one year contract . Chiefs optimistic that WR Jeremy Maclin ,  who has missed past 4 games due to groin injury ,  will return for Thursday vs . Raiders ,  per source . Full story from Darren Rovell and I Seattle Seahawks running back Marshawn Lynch spent the few minutes he was ...  Former Dolphins' CB Brent Grimes has agreed with Bucs on 2 year ,  16.5M contract ,  per @Edwerderespn . Dez Bryant out vs . Seahawks after suffering concussion in practice . Two key defensive inactives today Packers DT Ryan Pickett and Ravens S Ed Reed . Some great people RT @ProLinkSports Missed Rod Smith & Ed McCaffrey reunited on Zappolo's People ?  Here it is  . ESPN medical chief Dr . Michael Kaplan predicted last week that ,  with this injury ,  Brett would not play again this season . Could be a career . Congratulations to Pat Summitt on what has been beyond a Hall of Fame career . The Vikings bye day turned out to be a great day for Minnesota . Have the Vikings clinched the NFC North yet  ?  Jets doing some work on QBs ,  bringing in Virginia Tech's Logan Thomas today . Aldon Smith recorded 1.5 sacks in the win ,  and is now just 0.5 sacks behind Reggie White for the most in a player's first two seasons . RT @geric3 I assume 2011 draft picks still cannot be traded for current NFL players like Kevin Kolb  ?   ...  Correct . Awkward predicament . Jeff Fisher announced Stedman Bailey underwent surgery for between 4 and 6 hours . Now in stable condition ,  will remain in ICU several days . Some first round deals likely to get done Saturday DT Gerald McCoy and the Bucs ,  CB Kyle Wilson and the Jets . Eagles take Matt Barkley . And here comes the QB run . Raiders claimed former Patriots WR Kenbrell Thompkins on waivers . RT @wingoz Latest North Texas forecast  ?  Freezing rain Tuesday ,  high of 31 Wednesday . You don't have to do this to make us feel at home . Seeking an NFL player to please send a questiontweet of the day to @NFLLIVEonESPN to be used on NFL Live Today . Thanks . Saints have spoken to Seattle and at least one other team about a potential Jimmy Graham trade as @JayGlazer and @RapSheet reported . Jordan Whitehead ,  one of the top underclassmen safeties ,  has decided to enter 2018 NFL Draft  . Disinterested football fan wife just said to me ,  So is this Jim Harbaugh the new Brett Favre ? Breakthrough Jets have granted permission for CB Darrelle Revis to visit Tampa Bay and undergo a physical with the Buccanners ,  per sources . Following Jon Dorenbos' heart issue diagnosis ,  Saints worked out LS John DePalma ,  Colin Holba ,  Jeff Overbaugh ,  Tanner Purdum ,  Zach Wood . RT @wingoz Cowboys will be without RB Marion Barber for the next 1 2 weeks because of a quad injury ,  according to KXAS TV in Dallas . Browns announced they traded RB Terrance West to Tennessee for a conditional 2016 draft pick . Rams CB Trumaine Johnson has accepted franchise tag ,  per source . Cavaliers invite Bernie Kosar to ride in victory parade.Hearty congratulations to @SIPeterKing and Mike Tirico on these distinguished well deserved honors  . RBs Knowshon Moreno  ankle  ,  Ryan Mathews  hamstring  ,  Zac Stacy  concussion  and Chris Ivory  ankle  all are expected to play today . Get his sombrero ready RT @trojanchick99   @OGOchocinco rumored to be on Dancing with the Stars . One of Jerry Jones right hand man ,  Cowboys senior VP and general counsel Alec Scheiner ,  has agreed to become Cleveland Browns' president . No surprise but WR Alshon Jeffery will not play today ,  per source . However ,  Bears optimistic Jay Cutler can will test hamstring pregame . Chargers make signing of former Seahawks DT Brandon Mebane official . Three year deal . Bills declined to match two year ,  6.4 million offer sheet that RB Mike Gillislee signed with Patriots ,  per source . Gillislee now a Pat . Thursday Blitz How this season is shaping up to be a Packers' postseason ... Blow to Baltimore Ravens LB Terrell Suggs tore his Achilles playing basketball . One of the few who sidestepped Chicago Cardinals free agent safety Antrel Rolle ,  who's visiting the N.Y . Giants . As of midnight as expected ,  S O.J . Atogwe became a UFA . Rams still trying to re sign him but Miami ,  Dallas ,  Minn also might be interested . A common sight ...  RT @Rvanname  This is Astoria Queens ...  Oh yea ,  and my car  !  Rams gave LB Alec Ogletree 4 year ,  42M extension that includes 33M over first 3 years ,  per source . Now 2nd highest paid ILB to L . Kuechly . And now it's offcial Jaguars will host Cowboys in London next year . Other London games Atlanta hosting Detroit ,  Oakland hosting Miami . Former Lions CB Aaron Berry is being suspended three game for violating the NFL's personal conduct policy . Berry is now a free agent . Chargers DE Logan Harrell ,  grandson of Jack Youngblood ,  is believed to be part of group that rescued a long missing hiker in California . Steelers have won a record 15 straight Monday Night Football games at home ,  with their last such loss coming in 1991 against the Giants . Super Bowl LI  2017    HouSuper Bowl LII  2018    MinnSuper Bowl LIII  2019    AtlSuper Bowl LIV  2020    SoFlaSuper Bowl LV  2021    LA . New Jets coach Tom Moore loves his two TE sets ...  RT @TheJetsStream Former Ravens TE Todd Heap is in town today for visit with Jets . Giants say Odell Beckham ,  Jr . Is officially active . Now let's see whether injury affects him . Was not a normal pregame for him . I say we lock @ddockett and @bobglauber in a room and ,  you know ,  see what happens . Washington TE Jordan Reed ,  who missed past two games due to a concussion ,  is expected to play Sunday vs Bengals ,  per source . Chargers RB Ryan Mathews scheduled to undergo an MRI on injured knee ,  per source . Concern it could be sprained MCL . Packers S Nick Collins delivered the type of hit the NFL is waiting to make an example of . RT @mortreport Jaguars season ticket holder had a phone forum with GM Gene Smith and were asked if they should take Tebow 55 45% against . Green Bay traded a conditional draft choice to Jacksonville for S Anthony Smith . Here is my list of 10 players who will be getting the most buzz when free agency kicks off Tuesday at 4pm ET .  Who ...  Broncos WR Emmanuel Sanders named Week 12 NFLPA Community MVP for his two week winter clothing ,  book and toy drive  . Tampa gave up 42 and 153 for Oakland's 39. Looking to add a big target for Josh Freeman . And Raiders still can get Bruce Campbell . #nfldraft . Steelers formally have ruled out QB Ben Roetlisberger for Sunday's game vs . Baltimore . spots . Raiders HC Tom Cable said Bruce Gradkowski and JaMarcus Russell will compete for the starting QB job   and the better one will play . Bengals DC Mike Zimmer is in Minnesota today for a second interview for the Vikings HC job . UFL kicks off tonight with an Omaha team that features two Heisman winning QBs ,  Troy Smith and Eric Crouch . More info on Chad Jones RT @ErinAndrewsESPN RT @ProfessorDrew @ErinAndrewsESPN here's an update on his injuries  . Four teams that discussed a potential trade for RB Chris Johnson ,  but ultimately declined to do so ,  were the Jets ,  Bills ,  Dolphins ,  Falcons . Just please leave ours in the NFL alone . Free agency and the draft are coming up . Latest injury news RT @StephaniaESPN Saturday notes Injury updates on Sam Bradford ,  LeGarrette Blount ,  Wes Welker   . Bills uncertain whether TE Charles Clay  and WR Jordan Matthews ,  both questionable for Sunday ,  can play vs . Charger  . Mike McCarthy is a highly successful NFL coach . Even with playing in a great city like Chicago ,  Matt Forte still was one of the most productive ,  least recognized standouts in the NFL . Most entertaining NFL Sunday of the season ... As for next year ,  the Panthers still owe Delhomme 13 million . So unless they want to give him money for nothing ,  Delhomme will be back . Saints DC Gregg Williams was notified this morning that his youngest son ,  Chase ,  was named to the Super Prep All American Football Team . Giants President and Chief Executive Officer John Mara has been appointed the chairman of the Management Council Executive CommitteeLabor . When the new CBA is ratified today ,  NFL commissioner Roger Goodell will retain exclusive control over the league's personal conduct policy . Meaning of Luck Colts' 38 points Sunday were more than they scored in any regular season game last year . Had enough of Vick and Stallworth and Plaxico  ?  Then please read this ...   Makes sense to me ... so prob not . RT @asgupta15 @AdamSchefter Brady Quinn's home is on sale in CLE . Any chance of Al Davis trading for him  ?  After missing first four games with sprained ankle ,  Clevelands No . 1 overall pick ,  Myles Garrett ,  will make his NFL debut today vs . Jets . Patriots are releasing starting DT Kyle Love ,  per @MikeReiss . Live split time with Brandon Deadrick ,  also released this week . Moments away from 10 questions with @mortreport and I . Chargers have agreed to terms with tight end Randy McMichael on a two year deal . Bears agreed to terms with K Connor Barth on a one year contract . Josh Gordon has hired attorney Maurice Suh ,  who helped Richard Sherman win his appeal . Suh will work w noted NFLPA attorney Heather McPhee . So Larry Johnson gets 4 million Chiefs owed him AND veteran minimum Bengals will pay him AND chance to play for contender . He did all right . Browns WR Josh Gordon ,  who has not played since 2014 ,  is applying today for reinstatement ,  per his business manager Michael Johnson . Suggestion 3 ...  RT @raidertim305 Sports bar theme ,  with beer on tap for guests  !  Thats where everyone is watching  ...  There will be no blackouts in the 2015 NFL season ,  the NFL announced today . Joe Theismann with some startling comments on Redskins Broadcast NetworkLet's stop beating around the bush ,  ...  Another day at the office ...  Most fit NFL team Detroit Lions . HC Jim Caldwell ,  GM Martin Mayhew ,  Tom Lewand all in hotel fitness center at 540 am . Tyler Eifert not only player undergoing surgery today in LA . Lions DT Haloti Ngata undergoing surgery on torn bicep ,  recovery four months . Mike Shanahan today Ryan Torian will be out . Clinton Portis will be ready to go . Filed to ESPN Former Colts safety Bob Sanders plans to sign a one year deal tonight with the San Diego Chargers . This guy's on a roll tonight . RT @FauxJohnMadden @AdamSchefter Who would have guessed that Bobby Bowden would retire before Brett Favre  ?  Interesting name linked to new reconfigured Checketts group   Marshall Faulk . His name has come up . Don't know how viable ,  but interesting . Toronto Argonauts and USC standout DT Armond Armstead visited last week with Patriots ,  Eagles ,  Colts ,  and might sign as early as this week . RT @Harris2732 Are Texans like Broncos old running scheme  ?  Slaton ,  Foster ,  Tate have all thrived in it .  ...  Same coaches Kubiak ,  Dennison . With Chan Gailey heading to Buffalo ,  it's one more potential offensive coordinator out of the mix in Chicago for the Bears . work . Former Seahawks and Ravens CB Cary Williams is signing with Washington ,  per source . Instant help for playoffs . Despite Rams QB Sam Bradford thinking his ACL was intact from initial testing ,  there is real concern that it is not and it could be torn . judging . Peyton and Brady will get north of the 16.25 million average that Eli Manning got and less than 20 million per year . But record deals . 42 . And the Chiefs are almost on the clock . Jenn Sterger's attorney ,  Joe Conway ,  said We completely cooperated with the NFL and turnover over materials in our possession.Colin Kaepernick turns 30 years old today . Should be in prime of his career . RT @JeffLegwold Montee Ball not expected to practice this week and could miss as many as 3 weeks . class . I say we put A Smith ,  E Monroe ,  BJ Raji ,  M Crabtree ,  A Maybin and M Jenkins in a room and ,  you know ,  see who gets out first . Bills signed OL Jamon Meredith off Green Bay's practice squad and placed OL Brad Butler on Injured Reserve . Traffic ticket charges against Dolphins CB Vontae Davis dismissed . Someone impersonated Davis not him . He's free and clear . Jets traded conditional 7th round pick to Panthers for Jeff Otah . Panthers traded conditional 7th round pick to Oakland for Louis Murphy . Type of surgery Raiders LT Jared Veldheer is having Friday  has three month recovery period . Problem at LT for OAK . Over half the AFC  9 of 16 teams  is either 5 6 or 4 7. AFC could produce first wild card without winning record since 2006 Giants  8 8 .To clarify Ben Roethlisberger did suffer a concussion Sunday ,  per team official . Test results showed it today ...  Soprano Renee Fleming will sing the National Anthem as part of Super Bowl XLVIII pregame festivities . Can't wait to see who @michaelsmith cuts from his War Room League fantasy team to pick up new Lions WR Kevin Ogletree ... RT @GTorlone  Around what time does C'mon Man  !  air on Monday Night Countdown each week  ?  Set time  ?  &lt  Right around 805 to 810 pm . Miami has scheduled a 2nd interview with Adam Gase on Saturday ,  per source . He is only Dolphins candidate to be scheduled for 2nd interview . Seattle's Super Bowl ring  . Filed to ESPN ...  RT @sportsguy33 Adam Schefter reports that J Woww traded 15 lbs to Sammi Sweetheart for 20 lbs to be named later . Broncos expect WR Demaryius Thomas and Aqib Talib ,  both listed as questionable ,  to play today vs . Cleveland . Helping raise money for @bestbuddies . Any donation anyone can make would be appreciated . Thank you for any support . As one QB prepares to go to UFL ,  one QB leaves it . RT @TheRedzoneorg J.P . Losman signed by Seattle  . With Tom Coughlin out of the picture ,  the Eagles now are expected to pursue Chiefs OC Doug Pederson as their next head coach ,  per source . And now Vikings have signed WR Cordarrelle Patterson . For first time in NFL history ,  a conference championship game will feature two rookie head coaches   Rex Ryan and Jim Caldwell . Now Turk Schonert is the FORMER offensive coordinator in Buffalo . Sheesh  !  No OC is safe anymore . Jets plan to name Geno Smith their new starting QB today ,  per league sources . RT @SIPeterKing Plan for now is still for noon CST NYG Min kick Sunday ,  even if Giants have to fly from KC to Mpls Sunday morning . There are a line of cars to pull into parking lot of Ravens camp . A loooong line . Wow . Saints HC Sean Payton and owner Tom Benson are in fact meeting today with commissioner Roger Goodell ,  as a New Orleans TV station intimated . Seahawks TE Anthony McCoy tore Achilles during OTAs this week ,  as @MikeGarafolo reported . Underwent surgery ,  expected to miss 6 to 9 months . Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski still not cleared for contact . Would be surprising to see him play this preseason . Still optimism for opener . Absolutely . RT @rosspro @AdamSchefter How earlyWhere u think Dez Bryant goes in first rd  ?  If first rd  ?  Brian Westbrook's one year contract with the 49ers includes1.25 million guaranteed and another 1.25 million in incentives . Every time Peyton Manning yells Omaha against Patriots ,  500 will be donated to his charity ,   . TB at Buf ,  430 pmDal at Mia ,  7 pmTen at Atl ,  7 pmWash at Bal ,  730 pmMin at KC ,  8 pmNO at Ind ,  8 pmSTL at Clev ,  8 pmHou at Den ,  9 pm . Wade Phillips is Texans interim HC . A great tribute to Browns LT Joe Thomas  . Detroit Lions are hiring Jim Caldwell as their head coach ,  per a league source . Giants DE Justin Tuck isnot expectedto play today  while Giants DE Osi Umenyiora is expected to make his 2011 season debut vs Arizona . Hey ,  maybe if Favre decides to bag this comeback thing ,  the Vikings could make a run at Vick instead ... joking ,  tweeps . I think . OK ,  now that baseball season is behind us ,  we can put all the focus back where it belongs   on football . Three days till Sunday . Carson Palmer to the Raiders now official . Compensation expected to be a 1 in 2012 and a conditional 1 in 2013. . This one hurts Eagles believe Pro Bowl FB Leonard Weaver tore his ACL and will be sidelined for remainder of season . Last NFC East QB standing ,  please turn out the lights ... Been through this before . Not any easier to take 2nd time around . Do want to thank all the great people at ESPN . Roger Goodell news conference live on SportsCenter and NFL Insiders . Another legend lost ...  Big announcement from @DeMarcusWare  . Gee ,  that was so hard to predict . AJ Bouye is getting 5 Years ,  67.5M ,  26M Fully Guaranteed   13.5M Per Year ,  per Michael Wright . Props to Oklahoma LB Eric Striker ,  who shares a disappointing moment with friends and family on ESPN with strength and courage . Those waiting for a deal tonight between Ndamukong Suh and the Lions can go to sleep . Please check back tomorrow . Nothing imminent . Buffalo Sabres owner Terry Pegula is on verge of buying the Buffalo Bills ,  per league sources ,  and the process is said to be moving quick.Seattle reached agreement with former Broncos guard Ben Hamilton ,  reuniting him with former Denver OL coach Alex Gibbs . Gronk was placed on IR   Chris Gronkowski ,  the Chargers FB . Out for year . A dose of reality for Albert Haynesworth . RT @hootiewales I lost my job in Feb . He has nothing to complain about . Shut up and go to work . Significant day on NFL calendar NFLPA elects Its Exec Director . DeMaurice Smith facing 8 challengers ,  including Jason Belser ,  Sean Gilbert . Remembering Craig Sager ,  Bud Collins ,  Jose Fernandez ,  Joe Garagiola ,  Gordie Howe ,  Monte Irvin ,  Jim Simpson ,  Pat Summit ,  Will Smith . RIP . Houston Texans reached agreement on two year deal with former Dolphins S Chris Clemons ,  per source . #Markman50 . reporter  !  Despite his knee injury and limited practice Friday ,  Lions RB Reggie Bush is expected to play today vs . Dallas . Bears WR Brandon Marshall will be active tonight . The Steelers released veteran quarterback Troy Smith ,  the team announced today . After suffering another concussion Monday night ,  Cardinals LB John Abraham has left the team ,  quite possibly for good ,  per sources . Despite being listed as questionable with a groin injury ,  Jaguars WR Cecil Shorts is expected to play today . Camp's opening . Pressure's on ,  especially if you read @rote31. And I'm not climbing any mountains or anything ,  but otta go get my workout . RT @StevePodsedly Am I crazy or are the Browns still incredibly weak at WR  ?   ...  You're not crazy . Can't fill all holes in one draft . Thoughts and prayers with a great man . RT @espn Tennessee Titans offensive coordinator Mike Heimerdinger has cancer    . State of sports today Lance Armstrong doped and Manti Te'o duped . RT @espn Brett Favre thinks Green Bay Packers are best team left ,  'will win it all'    . Neither QB Matthew Stafford nor WR Calvin Johnson are expected to play today versus Green Bay . 49ers LB Navorro Bowman has agreed to a four year extension worth 11 million ,  including 20M gtd ,  per source . Had three years left on deal . Browns already have lost 5 UFAs and could be 6th After visiting Seattle ,  LB Craig Robertson now on his way to New Orleans to visit Saints . Let Chad Pennington's torn ACL serve as a warning to all NFL players Workout all you want ,  but be careful about your workout activities . This is good . It's an instant replay next weekend Philly @ Dallas ,  Green Bay @ Arizona . Tim Tebow cashed in on a 250,000 salary escalator for Sunday's win and could earn another 250,000 with another win at New England . Shaun Hill listed ahead of Sam Bradford on Vikings' QB depth chart   for now  . With one safety on suspension ,  Chargers sign another . RT @jackbechta client S Tyrone Carter is now a Charger . Highly unlikely any team claims Larry Johnson on waivers . He then would be free to sign with any team . But will a team take that risk  ?  Packers to Pro Bowl OT Chad Clifton ,  S Nick Collins ,  WR Greg Jennings ,  linebacker Clay Matthews and cornerback Charles Woodson . I was taught if your mom tells you she loves you ,  check it out . Haven't confirmed mom loves me but have confirmed Andre Smith hasn't signed . On night before trade deadline ,  Browns C Alex Mack said he will not waive no trade clause in his contract if ...  Seattle will start QB Matthew Hasselbeck in Saturday's wild card game vs . the Saints . Six Eagles to Pro Bowl K David Akers ,  DE Trent Cole ,  WRKR DeSean Jackson ,  T Jason Peters ,  CB Asante Samuel ,  and FB Leonard Weaver . Eric Fisher contract 22,190,498 million ,  all guaranteed . Signing bonus 14,518,544   10 million is paid ...  David Baker ,  president of HOF ,  said fans will be refunded their money.There will be a ceremony tonight with players and new HOF players . RT @espn Donovan McNabb's agent blames Shanahans for dispute    . Inspirational . RT @nickmangold Welker is a great player . He's taken advantage of watching film . If we don't keep Spy on him ,  he could really open the Gate . Nothing like fall and the colors on the way to Bristol . Raking's ahead . Rams' RB Todd Gurley ,  listed as questionable for Sunday with a thigh injury ,  is expected to play vs . Jets ,  per source . Bears relieved senior director of pro personnel Bobby DePaul of his duties today . Ed Reed now has more INT return yards than  anyone in NFL history . Five teams officially eliminated from NFL playoff chase Carolina ,  Detroit ,  Buffalo ,  Cincinnati ,  Denver . Wait 'till next year . Fitting that there would be record highs for Dow ,  Nasdaq and S & P on the great @jimcramer's birthday . Happy birthday ,  Jim . I'd take him there ... RT @konseqwence @AdamSchefter 11th rd fantasy and brandon marshall is still there wow . By this time tomorrow ,  I'll be on the road to the Redskins . As @SprowESPN points out ,  it seems no player has aged more during the lockout than poor Al Harris . Eagles officially placed RB Darren Sproles on Injured Reserve . Brian Westbrook is scheduled to meet with a concussion specialist in Pittsburgh this week to determine if and when he can resume playing . Question of the day   and a very good one ...  RT @heroinmonkey @AdamSchefter Bigger Game this Season Nov 1 Min @ GB or Dec 6 Phil @ Atl . show . Filed to ESPN Donovan McNabb has been traded to the Washington Redskins . Compensation still unknown . But McNabb's a Redskin . For the third time in seven years ,  the Patriots have clinched the AFC's No . 1 seed . Would be really surprised if San Diego's 7th round pick ,  Michigan center David Molk ,  didn't make the Chargers and make an impact . RT @iainbartholomew ,  @AdamSchefter With all this gardening leave you must have an award winning lawn by now . RT @RachelNichols Excellent story in Post Gazette on Roethlisberger . Behavior of officer in case shocking  . Buffalo's Karlos Williams  shoulder  and Mario Williams  illness  ,  listed as questionable for today ,  both expected to play ,  per sources . More moves for the Panthers TE Ben Hartsock has agreed to terms on a 2 year deal with the Panthers . Panthers going crazy  !  Saints CB Tracy Porter picked off Brett Favre in NFC Championship ,  Peyton Manning in SB ,  and never has to buy a meal in New Orleans again . Thanks to @ETDuncan for this piece on Chris Henry  . Panthers have new president ,  Danny Morrison ,  who was former AD at Wofford . Cowher's daughter is a freshman at Wofford Panthers train there . Chargers placed linebacker Shawne Merriman on Reserve Injured with a calf injury . Seahawks WR Doug Baldwin Jr . and NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell send this letter to Senate Judiciary Committee  . Still needing help at CB ,  Lions worked out former Bear and Charger Nathan Vasher . RT @espnafcsouth Statements from Titans and Jeff Fisher    . Eagles RB Darren Sproles tore his ACL and broke his arm on same play ,  sources tell @mortreport and me . Surgery on arm today ,  knee later . Friday Super Bowl Blitz What will be this off season's Aaron Hernandez or Peyton Manning or Bounty Scandal  ?  again . Office ,  kitchen ,  bedroom   no place off limits . RT @ryanferreira2 @AdamSchefter where do you do most of your tweets from  ?  Not that there was a doubt but Marvin Harrison will not be back with Colts . Indianapolis will sign former Eagles WR Hank Baskett today . Jaguars RB Leonard Fournette missed his third straight day of practice today due to his quad injury . No practice all week . Jamal Lewis I plan to evaluate my future and have not made a final determination on whether I will be playing football next season. Jon Gruden and Pete Carroll are happy Wisconsin QB Russell Wilson goes to Seattle in the third round with the 75th overall pick . Broncos CB Champ Bailey and Giants CB Prince Amukamara did not practice today . Jeff Lewis ,  39 former Broncos QB ,  died in Phoenix last night . No details yet . Was coaching at NAU . RIP . Browns cut WR Bobby Engram ,  OL Scott Kooistra ,  DL C.J . Mosley. ,  QB Brett Ratliff . Unclear if Terrell Suggs tore Achilles playing basketball or in a conditioning test . Suggs thinks he could be back in October ,  per source . Former Browns and Ravens owner Art Modell passed away this morning at age 87. RIP . Bad week for Redskins LB London Fletcher . First he was passed over for Pro Bowl ,  then fined 10,000 for hitting a receiver in head .  A first for New Orleans ,  the consistency of Peyton ,  and the Adrian Peterson drought . Bills DT Kyle Williams ,  spotted on crutches after today's loss with knee injury ,  will not play next week in London vs . Jaguars ,  per source . A one stop shop for a free agency preview from many perspectives  . DVRed . Broncos released defensive lineman Kevin Vickerson . Corey Davis underwent minor ankle surgery ,  won't run at combine ,  will be ready for rookie minicamp . Injury described as extremely minor.Denver Pioneers make history 1st team west of Appalachians to win Div 1 lacrosse national championship . Hockey school now lacrosse school . Patriots restructured deal of WR Danny Amendola ,  per source . His new deal covers 3 years is worth 12.75M and can max at 15M . Art Briles RGIII a fit in Dallas ...  Steelers announced they signed veteran OT Guy Whimper and undrafted rookie free agent LB Terence Garvin . Cleveland'sJake Delhomme isn't only QB in Cleveland with high ankle sprain . QB Seneca Wallace also suffered a high ankle sprain Sunday . Jets have a history of making moves for a quarterback on March 21. Two years ago today ,  the Jets acquired Tim Tebow from the Denver Broncos . Johnny Manziel's agent has parted ways with him ,  as seen in this statement  . Lovie Smith said hope is Jay Cutler cleared by an independent neurologist Sat . as required by NFL concussion protocol . If so ,  Cutler starts . Chargers agreed on a one year contract with defensive tackle Aubrayo Franklin . 2013 Collegiate All Star Game to Air on ESPN2 on Jan . 19 at 6 p.m . ET . Going out with Derek Jeter ...  RT @brianstelter David Letterman just announced he is retiring in 2015.Despite not thinking he would be available due to a back injury ,  Dolphins WR DeVante Parker now will be active today ,  per source . If Carson Wentz does indeed have a torn ACL ,  he will have stayed in the game ,  played four more plays ,  and thrown a  . RT @nyjets Buddy Ryan will be in Cleveland to see his sons square off ,  says Rob Ryan . One more shot . RT @DrewTang13 Of all the pictures and events from last nights game ,  this one might be the best . Nothing unexpected but the official word on the end of Steelers LB Ryan Shaziers season  . Delaware QB Pat Devlin plans to sign with the Miami Dolphins . RT @OfficialBraylon So what's the latest on the lockout  ?   ...  Closer ,  but still not close . I'm taking July 8 in office pool ,  Braylon . 49ers LB Ahmad Brooks was fined 15,750 ,  the standard number based on fine schedule . Actually 250 less than 16k . A very good team in a very long season RT @ek1320 @AdamSchefter what are your thoughts on Ravens at #1 in ESPN power rankings  ?  it . Watch Dallas here  on ESPN2 ...  RT @mortreport They did a little Schefty Mort bus tour highlight video Sunday . Teams have contacted the Ravens to inquire about availability of WR Steve Smith . Told ,  in no uncertain terms ,  unavailable . Whoa . RT @jalenrose #NBA my sources say that it is almost CERTAIN that LEBRON JAMES WILL NOT be returning to the CAVS  !   BullsHeatClips  . Voted . RT @N8tiveWideOut Bill Belichick  ?   ...  Included in the article . Worthy of Coach of Year . But can't fit all names in 140 characters . At a Mike and Mike benefit in NYC and Joe Klecko stunned me . Told me he put himself back in the 52 7 win over NE when he tore up his knee . Former Saints K Garrett Hartley also worked out for Titans today . Some excellent kicking help there for hire . Jaguars RB Chris Ivory is inactive . Two names to watch for Panthers GM job Titans director of player personnel Ryan Cowden ,  Panthers director of player personnel Don Gregory . Jets have released CB Lito Sheppard and he is now a free agent . Pats released TE Chris Baker . Rare loss these days for San Diego Chargers linebacker Jyles Tucker was placed on injured reserve with an ankle injury . Former Bears DE Alex Brown ,  who's visiting the Saints today ,  is scheduled Thursday to visit Tampa Bay . Bengals announced QBs coach Bill Lazor will assume offensive coordinator responsibilities immediately . @RapSheet reported Ken Zampese fired . RT @ZedNickadeemus Any idea on Bradshaw for Monday night  ?   ...  Tom Coughlin said today there's hope for Bradshaw for Monday night . Guessing Peyton Manning is going to be able to hold off Curtis Painter at least one more week . Some notable performances tonight Panthers RB DeAngelo Williams ,  Jags WR Troy Williamson ,  Browns WR Josh Cribbs and Bears RB Matt Forte . A Jets win would give them a better record than the Patriots this late in season for the first time since Week 6 of 2010 ,  per Elias . 49ers' This organization has tried very hard to help Aldon fight his issues . Although he is no longer a member ...  RT @BASSicallyB Are you the # Adam  ?   ...  Yup . Hashtagging ahead of my time . RT @303FAN what about Harbaugh leaving Stanford for Denver if Elway takes front office job . Two Stanford guys  ?   ...  See Elway ,  not Harbaugh . Anyone on any team can inquire about Vincent Jackson . But his best opportunity to get traded this season came and went with Minnesota . Raiders gave K Sebastian Janikowski and agent Paul Healy new 5 yr ,  19 million deal with 8 mil gtd in next two years . RT @smaltmann Didn't Titans just interview him for HC  ?   ...  Correct . Beat cancer ,  interviews for HC ,  gets fired . What a league . Will be surprised if Missouri QB Blaine Gabbert doesn't light it up today and become even more a part of the conversation to be No . 1 pick . This has to be seen to be believed . RT @benmaller Is this the greatest Miami Dolphins tattoo in the history of ink  ?  A behind the scenes look at Monday Night Football ...    Peyton Manning told the Broncos that he is physically and mentally prepared to play at a significant level this year ,  per @mortreport . It's July 9. First football game ,  Bills versus Titans in Canton ,  is Aug . 9. Let the countdown begin . Starting tonight ,  the schedule for the next couple of weeks#covfefe  . Patriots not done after signing 2nd round pick ,  OLB Jermaine Cunningham RT @MikeReiss Team's other 2 second rounders almost done as well . Six Points  take two  How Chip Kelly almost coached Johnny Manziel   twice . Plus other NFL notes ...  Chargers finalist for DC job that went to Gus Bradley was their DB coach Ron Milus . Had Bradley not opted for Chargers ,  Milus was their man . Someone's happy to have a new home in Washington ...  While Colts plan to play Andrew Luck a bit Sunday ,  Packers don't plan to play Aaron Rodgers nor Brett Hundley ...  As they try to wrap up AFC South title ,  Texans will start Brandon Weeden at QB vs Titans . For those asking about Vikings LB E.J . Henderson ,  he fractured his femur ,  will undergo surgery and will miss the season . Brutal injury .. Text from NFL source Most active trade deadline ever.Detroit reached agreement with former Jaguars linebacker Justin Durant on a two year deal . And one trade shakes up the NFC East ,  the NFC North and the entire NFC in general . Greg Oden   season ending knee surgery . Matthew Stafford   expected season ending shoulder injury . Get well soon ,  men . New Browns GM John Dorsey is on the board releasing WR Kenny Britt . Eagles RBs Blount ,  Ajayi ,  Smallwood ,  Barner ,  Clement all active today.Delanie Walker ,  Active.Jeremy Maclin and Mike Wallace Active . So much for the new Tiger on the golf course . Just dropped his club and acted like a bad shot cost him the Masters . With Roger Goodell in Minnesota ,  it's unlikely the NFL will announce any player discipline against the Saints today . And there's the deal  . The real Mr . P RT @Hasselbeck Meet the drug test guy  !  Eagles officially placed franchise tag on QB Michael Vick and transition tag on K David Akers . RT @RichCampbell Shanahan on relationship w Haynesworth He probably doesnt like me very much right now ,  but Im not here to be liked.JJ Watt underwent back surgery and will open camp on PUP ,  as @McClainonNFL reported . Watt expected to be ready for regular season opener . Watch Steelers' WR Antonio Brown stick his landing ,  special edition style . Bengals announced they re signed LB Manny Lawson . Marshawn Lynch is back in Buffalo ,  but ...  RT @TheRedzoneorg Lynch still absent from Bills practices  . Washington signs former Giants QB Andre Woodson to practice squad . And Redskins play Giants Sunday . Woodson can help Redskins with insight . So Zeke Elliott still can get a TRO from court . Judge could rule by Friday ,  and Zeke still could be playing this week . Notice all the CBs promoted from practice squads to rosters last week  ?  Ravens tried to sign 5 of them before landing MINN's Chris Greenwood . 49ers activated LB Aaron Lynch and  placed LB NaVorro Bowman on Injured Reserve List . To recap the 49ers put one safety on the trade block in a mass email and landed another that tweeted he was going to be a Bengal . Browns LB D'Qwell Jackson re signed a 1 year incentive laden contract with Cleveland for just over 4.5 million . RT @matthewjmcguire Glad to see Suh with good seats at Yankee Stadium . Uecker would be proud .  ...  Tigers will take better care of him . RT @JuddZulgad Told that LaDainian Tomlinson's visit is indeed going to start tonight with dinner with Vikings officials . Cardinals announced they signed former Steelers RB Jonathan Dwyer ,  who reunites with Arizona HC Bruce Arians . Jets are signing former Texans kicker Randy Bullock to replace Nick Folk and kick in Thursday night's game vs . Buffalo ,  per sources . Player sent me DM asking if this Marty Schottenheimer to Tampa talk was real . Said yes . His response Interesting . Best coach I ever had.Well ,  this doesn't look good ...  RT @RVacchianoNYDN Mark Sanchez on the long ,  lonely walk to the locker room  ...  Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski will undergo surgery on his broken forearm . The injury is not expected to be a season ender . There are many great dads out there . @CourtyardHotels surprised one . This is great  . Chargers reached agreement Monday with Pro Bowl OT Marcus McNeill on a five year contract extension . No progress on Vincent Jackson . Condolences to Cleveland ,  a city that deserves a winner and a champion more than any other . Go Browns ,  go Indians ,  go Cavs . Texans WR Will Fuller is first 1st round pick to have at least 100 receiving yards in each of his first two NFL ...  One add on to Alex Boone's deal 49ers can't tag him after when his contract is up in two years . If players pass physicals and no one renegesMIAMI sends 2017 7th to JAX for Julius Thomas.JAX send 2018 7th to MIAMI for Branden Albert . Ex Navy SEAL who revealed he killed bin Laden attended Redskins' team meeting Saturday . This will be RT @SportsCenter If Andrew Luck & RG3 go No . 1 & No . 2 in the Draft ,  they'll join QB 1 2 draft tandems   . RT @SBreaston15 Where's the 8th U.S Circuit Court of appeals in St . Louis  ?  RT @AdamSchefter NFL's 10 toughest venues  . Jaguars head into free agency with some momentum reached agreement with former Seahawks DT Red Bryant on a 4 yr deal . Raiders receive Marshawn Lynch and a sixth round draft choice in 2018 in exchange for Oakland's fifth round selection in 2018 NFL Draft . Bears' statement We are stunned and saddened by the news of Gaines passing.Our prayers are with his family during this difficult time . A prediction that's no April Fool's joke There will be at least one NFL trade made today  but not the one everyone's waiting for .RBs ruled out for this week include Jacksonvilles Leonard Fournette  quad  ,  Cincinnatis Joe Mixon  concussion  ,  A  . THX to @53LEGENDS @jonnyroto @AngelAquarius @craigkeller @jasonmarsh81 @Tristan1690 @Asmolol @osKeeeer @PatriotsInsider @BlogAndTackle . Houston Chronicle's @McClainonNFL promised to eat his words if Texans didn't draft a QB in round one . Here goes  . Houston has a unique insight into South Carolina DE Jadeveon Clowney . Texans new strength and conditioning coach ,  ...  Dolphins likely to hire Dave DeGuglielmo as new offensive line coach to replace Chris Foerster ,  sources tell @JeffDarlington . While Favre is questionable for NE ,  Jenn Sterger is probable for NY . Her attorney said she expects to meet w NFL this week . More @ ESPN.comWhat could become reality Wednesday RT @MikeReiss What the Patriots would look like without Randy Moss . Please help support ASA and LXA as they prepare for Penn State Dance Marathon to fight pediatric cancer . The perils of the job and the life of a kicker . RT @jayfeely Wow ,  half way through the season Shaun hadnt missed . RT @benmaller.Who gets first Michael Vick interview  ?  If hes smart he'll go on Larry King live . King likes baseball but is master of softball . Spotted a fan wearing a No . 71 Bills jersey . He covered up where the name Peters was with a white piece of paper and wrote Cheesesteak.Cleveland's Peyton Hillis starts at RB for Jerome Harrison ,  Josh Cribbs starts at WR for Brian Robiskie . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . St . Louis QB AJ Feeley signs a two year ,  6 million deal plus escalators in STL . Jacksonville has DC Todd Wash ,  OC Nathaniel Hackett but logical choice for interim HC would be Doug Marrone . Choice comes this afternoon . Le'Veon Bell says he won't miss any games despite looming suspension . So in 24 hours ,  it's long term deals for AJ Green ,  Eli Manning ,  Luke Kuechly ,  Marcel Dareus ,  Anthony Castonzo . First round pick Jerry Hughes ,  who finalized his five year contract ,  will practice with the Colts this afternoon . ESPN collected Super Bowl XLVI picks from 34 analysts . Here's what they think  . Jim Kelly is driving to Canton to be there for HOF induction of good friend ,  Andre Reed . Kelly also will toss coin before Bills Giants game . Bears LB DJ Williams is re signing with Chicago ,  per @JosinaAnderson . RT @EaglesInsider Bill Polian said on ESPN that Kendricks is the best 4 3 attacking LB outside of Kuechly in entire draft . Hope you're having a better day than Anthony Weiner . Our friend @OGOchoCinco predicted he would run cirlces around Bears ,  and he has . 10 catches ,  118 yards ,  two TDs . And still 230 left in 3rd . Eagles have ANOTHER new QB . Jeff Garcia . Wow . McNabb ,  Kolb ,  Vick ,  Garcia   Eagles must have questions at that position to bring in Garcia . Steelers announced they've re signed QB Charlier Batch to a two year deal . Good security to have capable QBs in Pittsburgh these days . RT @JosinaAnderson Brian Overstreet just told me he is expeting Cedric Griffin to ink the deal within the hour . #Redskins #NFL . Six Colts were voted to Pro Bowl Dallas Clark ,  Dwight Freeney ,  Peyton Manning ,  Robert Mathis ,  Jeff Saturday and Reggie Wayne . On this Veterans Day ,  a simple thank you to all veterans who have given so much for us to enjoy the freedom we do . Thank you . Dolphins' WRs Jarvis Landry  shoulder  and DeVante Parker  hamstring  ,  both listed as Q for tonight ,  both expected to play ,  per source . Watch out @theellenshow and @qbkilla . My twitter family coming after yours . Should be a mandatory Memorial Day watch RT @60Minutes Missed last night's special 60 Minutes Presents broadcast  ?  Congrats to my friends @lewintermarlon and @prcatalyst on winning PR agency of the year at the sabre awards . Well done . Watch amazing bond between @PearlJam and former Saints S Steve Gleason who is battling ALS  ...  time . And as @JosinaAnderson reported ,  Raiders gave Charles Woodson a 1.8 million base ,  including a 700,000 signing bonus ,  plus incentives . Nephew @CaseyBarone's soccer trainer ,  @domcas5 ,  spells out some  helpful training tips  . Bills top pick Shaq Lawson already out after shoulder surgery and Bills expect to learn today how long Reggie Ragland out with damaged ACL . Bowe found out about his suspension earlier this month and has decided not to appeal it . He knows those are battles players don't win . Good thing the Yankees won the World Series . RT @kamronawwal here's a stat ,  NY football 1 9 over the last 5 weeks . Packers HC Mike McCarthy said LB D.J . Smith suffered a season ending knee injury . Some believe US District Judge will void discipline imposed on current and former Saints ,  NFL will appeal and suspended players will play . Former Saints Pro Bowl S Roman Harper reached agreement with Panthers on a two year ,  4.5M deal that includes 1.5M sign bonus ,  per source . RT @LisaHorne Can you say Monopoly  ?  Bill gets Park Place ,  Broadway and 4 railroads with 2 No . 1s and 2 No . 2's in 2011 draft . #nfldraft . On this Sunday ,  Tim Tebow is back to being No . 2 quarterback and Brady Quinn is back to being No . 3 quarterback . Bengals LB Vontaze Burfict actually fined for Three plays Sunday ,  per source Two unnecessary roughnesses and one hit on Ben Roethlisberger . Eligible for HOF Class of 2011 Deion Sanders ,  Marshall Faulk ,  Curtis Martin ,  Jerome Bettis . Also time for Shannon Sharpe and Cris Carter . Shooting from the Lip . Interesting take . Cowboys LB Sean Lee suffered a dislocated wrist that will prevent him from playing Sunday versus Seattle and possibly well beyond . No Tom Brady in the Pro Bowl ,  no Ben Roethlisberger ,  and now no Philip Rivers ,  either . At this rate Curtis Painter might wind up starting . Crabtree not under contract . His rights can be dealt March 1.  RT @georgegabriel how and why does it differ to the week 6 trade deadline  ?  April 29 looks like a great TV night Round 2 3 of NFL draft ,  and Rex Ryan and Mike Tannenbaum scheduled to be on CSI episode shot today . Not to say something can't get done ,  but it sounds like any trade for WR Vincent Jackson before Wednesday's deadline is a longshot . Vikings WR Sidney Rice also inactive today . Michigan HC Brady Hoke and staff honoring Colts HC Chuck Pagano this weekend ,  via Michigan Daily . Remember this  ?  RT @JimHarbaugh It's 9am and first classes of a new year are starting all over the Cardinal campus . What an exciting day  !  Consummate pro ...  Browns linebacker Scott Fujita is expected to meet Friday with NFL commissioner Roger Goodell . This will be interesting ...  Here's a good pickup Ravens signed former Seahawks DL Cory Redding to a two year deal . While Dallas PD has closed its investigation into Johnny Manziel's alleged assault ,  Fort Worth PD has not . Its investigation continues . Suggestion 2 ...  RT @TomWaggle Get a green screen so they can chroma key anything behind you lol Could be as funny as TSN's SportsCentre . Former Bears DE Adewale Ogunleye worked out for the patriots today . They are undedcided about signing him . Voice of reason . RT @ClarkJudgeCBS Love the speculation about Colts and RG3. Please ,  people . They're taking Luck . End of conversation . Was told this morning that Kevin Durant is announcing  his decision  on The Players' Tribune . He is an owner ,  so makes sense.Seahawks free agent CB @WaltThurm3 tweeted he's off to visit SF . Love that rivalry . Why who should I start asks are ridiculous RT @artstapleton Giants TE Larry Donnell I benched myself in fantasy  . Shocking  !  @SIPeterKing 's wife is in Albany to visit him ,  and I think he STILL might share a room with @SIRossTucker  !  Camp goes too long . To clarify ,  two books going on . One to random follower ,  one to the 50K one .  Bears QB Mike Glennon will start Sunday's preseason game vs . Tennessee and Mitchell Trubisky will start 2nd half ,  per team official . Bad news for Cowboys As @NFLfootballinfo points out ,  defending Super Bowl champ is 8 0 hosting kickoff game since games started in 2004.Packers have claimed NT Howard Green off waivers from the N.Y . Jets and placed LB Brad Jones on injured reserve . Colts waived running back Trent Richardson . No . 1 overall pick Jared Goff is expected to sign four year contract with Rams today ,  per sources . Deal will be worth about 28 million . Vikings have re signed restricted free agents OL Ryan Cook ,  DT Fred Evans and S Eric Frampton . Ed Kiely ,  who spent more than 40 years as Steelers' publicist in addition to being a close friend of Art Rooney Sr. ,  died today at 96.Nine teams open rookie minicamps today Bucs ,  Cowboys ,  Colts ,  Jaguars ,  Dolphins ,  Jets ,  Redskins ,  Steelers ,  Vikings . More on SportsCenter . So no Cris Carter ,  no Shannon Sharpe ,  no Andre Reed ,  no Tim Brown . Me no like . Something tells me we're going to see lots of teams tweaking rosters with lots of minor trades like Broncos Patriots deals the past 2 weeks . Wonder what Cowboys WR Dez Bryant thinks of Tyron Smith's new deal ... Dallas takes Zach Martin ,  passes Johnny Manziel . Where to now  ?  Don't be surprised if the 49ers put in a waiver claim for LB Shawne Merriman ,  who would like to play in Baltimore ,  Miami or Dallas . Per @mortreport ,  Tony Sparano is scheduled to interview Monday for the offensive line coach job with Kansas City Chiefs . Packers officially ended LB Nicl Barnett's season ,  placing him on injured reserve . Jets HC Rex Ryan on WR Mike Sims Walker's tryout He never jumped out at me the way Kellen  Winslow Jr.  did.RT @edwardmjohnston Actually it's dummy .  ...  Guess I am a dumby . RT @kevinjones54 Do you see Tenn going after all defense in the draft  ?   ...  Titans would be happy if a good CB were available . Need one . Here we go MJD returning to Jaguars today . Carry on . Last week ,  six QBs threw at least three INTs   the most QBs with three or more picks in Week 1 since 1980 when there were seven . Jerry Jones told Mort he is expecting 104,000 for the first regular season game in the Cowboys new stadium . Get ready for week 1 ,  Monday Night Football ,  Adrian Peterson vs Vikings . This might be first Sunday since March without a big trade . Two Sundays ago ,  Donovan McNabb . Last Sunday ,  Santonio Holmes . Any this Sunday  ?  Jacksonville and QB Chad Henne reached agreement on a Twi year deal ,  per ESPN source . Darren Sproles reaches agreement with New Orleans on a four year ,  14 mil deal ,  including 6 million guaranteed to replace Reggie Bush . RT @mortreport Eagles' wild ride will continue Jeremy Maclin plans to reunite with Andy Reid in Kansas City once free agent market opens . Former Packers DB Charles Woodson scheduled to visit 49ers on Wednesday . Chargers reaction to an unhappy OT Marcus McNeill  ?  They signed three time Pro Bowl left tackle Tra Thomas to a one year contract . Lamar Miller might go on to be a star running back . But sense about him with some in organization is still uncertainty . KC staying busy ...  RT @espnafcwest Chiefs Breaking News Tyson Jackson redid his contract . He will remain with the Chiefs in 2013.RT @Artinhouston Is Tracy Porter in the Hall of Fame yet  ?   ...  He just might beat in Richard Dent ,  Shannon Sharpe ,  Andre Reed and Tim Brown . Best I can tell @DKindy13 is the 50,000th follower . Thank you to him and everybody . If @dkindy13 sends me his address ,  he gets a book . Video of Hue Jackson ,  posted on the Browns' website ,  from NFL owners' meeting . Sounds like he's making his case for  . A warm welcome to Frank Caliendo ,  who is joining ESPN's Sunday Countdown as a contributor  want to see his Chris Berman imitation .Charmed Cowboys year continues Stephen Jones' son ,  QB John Stephen Jones ,  led Highland Park HS to next weekend's state finals with W today . Eagles coach Andy Reid said after practice today that Kevin Kolb will start Sunday versus Atlanta . Matthew Stafford texted former Georgia teammate Knowshon Moreno about his injury but hasn't heard back . Said Moreno is tough as they come . RT @mortreport Dolphins firing special teams coach after last night not a shocker . That's a discussion that has previously occurred . Greg Hardy can make 44,000 if Carolina wins in Seattle tonight already made 48,000 for Carolina winning NFC South and wild card game . Also for the Jaguars ,  @JonesDrew32 is active and there are questions about how much Mike Sims Walker will be able to play . WR Randy Moss was placed on waivers today . Teams have until 4 pm ET on Wednesday to place a claim . Claiming team with worst record gets him . Eagles getting busy . RT @caplannfl NT Isaac Sopoaga agreed to terms with the Eagles . Source  confirmed . Dolphins today signed tight end Kory Sperry off their practice squad . It's not just no action for RGIII . Redskins will not play RB Alfred Morris ,  WR Pierre Garcon and OT Trent Williams . NFL Playoff Scenarios for Week 14  . Broncos racing to rework contracts to create cap room at last minute ... oh boy ... LaMarr Woodley and James Harrison of the Pittsburgh Steelers chime in on Vilma's suspension ...  it  . Tamper away ... Saints promoting QB Ryan Griffin from practice squad to active roster . Get ready for the CBA talks to go into overdrive after July 4. NFL planning to visit and educate its teams . Caution will be preached . More brutal injuries 49ers wide receiver Mario Manningham tore his ACL and PCL Sunday night vs . Seattle . Done for season . Workout   done ... whew ... always . Never gets any easier . Not when my workouts blow away those of @ogochocinco . Da Dinner . RT @aplusk Just had dinner with Brian Urlacher . Now I know what a 13 yr old girl feels like after meeting Justin Bieber . More taken too fasts Korey Stringer ,  Sam Mills ,  Walter Payton ,  Brian Piccolo . Too fast ,  too little ,  too sad . Buffalo ... RT @daveyray72 EJ Henderson in 2008 ... lost the rest of the season after dislocating 2 toes . As @TheJetsStream reported ,  Jets have fined Bart Scott 10,000 for obscene gesture to a photographer in the lockerroom on Monday . Needing help at tight end ,  the Texans tried out four of them today Tony Curtis ,  Tory Humphrey ,  Joe Klopfenstein and Martrez Milner . At end of suspensions ,  Commissioner will review status of each of the three individuals to determine their eligibility for reinstatement . Before 6 game suspension ,  Zeke Elliott now has 24 hours to file in 2nd Cir ,  will argue restraining order stays in effect till appeal decided . Which player should be named ESPN's NFL Insiders Idol for Sunday's top play  ?   results 2 ET ,  ESPN2  . Broncos officially placed franchise tag on OT Ryan Clady . The Cleveland Browns today terminated the contract of wide receiver Donte Stallworth . How Pete Carroll has handled a difficult loss ,  from the moment the Super Bowl ended until now ,  should serve as a model for any head coach . Bill Belichicks comments on sideline tablet have led Microsoft to release the following statement today We ...  Saints signed Julius Jones today . RT @RapSheet Franchise tags still good ,  though ,  right  ?   ...  There are expected to be franchise tags in next CBA ,  yes . Dolphins RB Damien Williams is expected to miss Sundays game vs . Denver ,  and possibly more time ,  with the shoulder  . Bears QB Jay Cutler is out Sunday vs . Ravens . Jeremy Maclin has left Baltimore without a deal . Now will take some time to decide his future . Lions RB Jahvid Best suffered his last concussion exactly one year ago Tuesday   and doctors have yet to clear his return . RT @SlapBet Hey Adam ,  no offense ,  but if you're wrong ,  I'll make sure to remind you how wrong you were .  ...  What about when I'm right  ?  Colts have relieved GM Ryan Grigson of his duties ,  league source tells ESPN . Per @mortreport Barring breakdown in formal contract negotiations ,  Ndamukong Suh will sign with Dolphins . Deal around 114M ,  60M gtd . Sean Payton and Saints have had contract discussions but are not close to resolution . People still convinced Payton and Saints get deal done . RT @J37Kett Any news on the Tom Cable watch  ?   ...  That was settled Championship Games weekend . He's back with Raiders in 2010.NFLPA reviewing info to see if there's collusion bw Broncos Cowboys on unsettled contracts of Demaryius ThomasDez Bryant ,  per PA official . Chargers officially placed WR Keenan Allen ,  RB Branden Oliver and LB Tourek Williams on season ending IR . Bills RB Leseasn McCoy tore his MCL and is considered week to week for final two weeks ,  per league source . More testing scheduled for today . Arizona HC Bruce Arians announced Ryan Lindley will start vs . Seattle ,  and there also will be a package of plays for rookie QB Logan Thomas . Congratulations to @billromanowski for being inducted today into the Boston College Hall of Fame . Mueller Report finds no evidence that anyone at NFL had or saw in elevator video before publicly shown . Jay Cutler is owed 15.5 million next year ,  fully guaranteed . So someone is paying that ... Nobody can be sure it's Chicago . RT @jaustin0404 @AdamSchefter  DOES MY NEW TAMPA BAY COACH ,  SCHIANO ,  HAVE WHAT IT TAKES TO BE SUCCESSFULL IN THE NFL  ?   ...  Absolutely . Star . As of today ,  Broncos are naming their entire training complex UCHealth Training Center. RT @caseycrites Why are 5 5 Chargers 'good' ?   ...  Because Philip Rivers has been lights out and they've never lost in December under Norv . So this is about to happen ... some entertainment for tonight . And tomorrow . And tomorrow night . Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski and WR Danny Amendola did not travel to Atlanta and will not play Sunday night vs . Falcons . Best thing any NFL head coach can now do is call his own plays   that way he can't fire himself . Marshawn Lynch was at Media Day so he wouldn't get fined . But he still might anyway . @darrenrovell ...  Sounds like New England close to trading for Eagles DT Isaac Sopoaga . A great take from @markschlereth on the Mess in Miami  . Filed to ESPN Jacksonville fired WR coach Johnny Cox . It made OC Dirk Koetter QB coach . And it moved QB coach Mike Sheppard to WR coach . Permission was given to Gregg Williams to attend NFL games ,  something he is expected to do for the first time since hi  . Last day of the draft feels like the closest thing in this profession to last day of school . Vikings RB Jerick McKinnon ,  listed as questionable for Sunday with ankle injury ,  is expected to play vs Lions ,  per source . John McClain is a writer ,  not the actor from Diehard movie ,  Twitterverse . Big difference . But real John McClain wishes he was a movie star . Something tells me the Eagles rest McNabb this and next week before their bye . That way they rest McNabb two games for three weeks rest . Blaine Gabbert is in for Jacksonville . Raiders' QB Derek Carr did not make the trip to Houston for today's wild card game . He is watching it at home ,  in Dublin ,  Ca. ,  with family . To help replace Danny Woodhead ,  Chargers plan to sign former Titans and Chiefs RB Dexter McCluster ,  per source . Bears' interest in Gary Kubiak makes sense . Only time Bears ever hired an HC with previous NFL HC experience was Paddy Driscoll in 1956.One way to get revved up for camp Patriots' OC Josh McDaniels drives the pace car for today's Overtons 301.Blow for Texans . RT @charlesf11 @AdamSchefter Steve Slaton unlikely to play Sun due to previously undisclosed shoulder injury . After 6 NFL seasons ,  former Eagles ,  Giants and Seahawks DB Walter Thurmond is retiring at the age of 28 ,  according to source . The tributes begin ,  and will keep coming ,  as they should .  From Washington to KC Steelers free agent RB Willie Parker is scheduled to visit the Chiefs on Thursday, . Raiders are planning to release OT Austin Howard today ,  a source confirmed . From die hard Browns fans obituary He respectfully requests six Browns pall bearers so the Browns can let him ...  Filed to ESPN Cleveland landed its second QB of the week ,  this time Jake Delhomme . Browns and Delhomme agree to a two year deal . And Patriots are releasing safety Steve Gregory ,  per @FieldYates . QB Brandon Weeden gets start for Cowboys . Some around league believe it's only a matter of time before Matt Cassel supplants him as starter . #1 till week 3 ,  then it goes by teams w worst records RT @USAFCole adam can u explain waivers  ?  Do Lions have 1st pick the entire season  ?  Broncos QB Kyle Orton is inactive . But Andy Reid does not allow agents on field so Drew Rosenhaus is watching Eagles practice with all the fans . #nextquestion . Steelers have decided Joey Porter will return to coaching staff for game in Kansas City this weekend . Despite 20th consecutive day of rain in Tampa ,  and record 3.89 inches that fell Saturday ,  Buccaneers still hope to get in today's practice . Bears placed S Antrel Rolle on the reserveinjured list due to a knee injury .Sounds like Wednesday is QB day in Jacksonville . Scheduled visitors include QBs Johnny Manziel ,  Teddy Bridgewater and Jimmy Garoppolo . Adam Pacman Jones apology in 3 ... 2 ... Asked by CNBC days ago for one word to associate with Aaron Hernandez ,  Bill Belichick said ,  tragedy.From beginning to end ,  a tragedy . And @ClaytonESPN is reporting the Redskins are interviewing Dallas Cowboys assistant HC Rich Bisaccia today . Bisaccia close to Bruce Allen . Falcons signed third round draft pick ,  former Kentucky DT Corey Peters . Anyone who reads full Ted Wells report would agree RT @usatodaynfl In rejecting abuse ,  Martin becomes game changer  . Rules for what is and isn't allowed this weekend in negotiations with free agents   During the three day ...  Despite being medically cleared ,  Cowboys' quarterback Tony Romo is not expected to be active Sunday vs . Steelers ,  per @caplannfl and me . Just about a formality . RT @evansilva Per @NFLCharean ,  Cowboys are close to a deal with free agent CB Brandon Carr . Steelers now have beaten the Browns 12 straight times . Our friend @OGOchoCinco can play and politic . RT @CinBengalsNFL Chad chex in . Says T.O . Is No . 1 receiver here out of respect 4 his career . Colts claimed former Jaguars RB Deji Karim off waivers . ESPN Power Rankings Seahawks still No . 1 Patriots drop to No . 7.My bus packed . RT @mortreport So when @AdamSchefter is with Bengals on Fri ,  I'm with Cowboys . Pretty good team kickoff for Camp Bus Tour . Saints' LT Terron Armstead is out Monday night with knee and quad injuries . Championship . Sunday . Sweet . Tune into Championship Sunday NFL Countdown at 11 a.m . ET on ESPN . Each time I've heard the fine World Cup announcers say Matmour ,  my mind flashes to the Carolina Panthers quarterback . And now Giants WR Hakeem Nicks also is out for Thursday night's game . Giants O hurting . Topics on tomorrow night's ESPN fantasy show sleepers ,  overrated players ,  underrated ones ,  surprise storylines ,  all the good stuff . Saints S Jairus Byrd is undergoing a surgical procedure on a disc in his back today . Team said it believes he will return next week . Not a repeat Washington OLB Junior Galette tore his Achilles and is out for season ,  as @RandGetlin reported . RT @Alwani777 What do you see the Cowboys doing  ?   ...  Could see Mark Barron in Dallas . So now Byron Maxwell and Frank Gore are telling people they're headed to Philadelphia . Eagles getting busy ... Jamaal Charles today 1 carry ,  0 yards .  Clearly not himself . Filed to ESPN Doug Marrone has agreed to leave Syracuse and become the next head coach of the Buffalo Bills . Said it before ,  will say it again the last day of the NFL Draft is the closest feeling those in the business get to the last day of school . More tests later today to help determine what Ben Roethlisberger's shoulder injury is and how long he might be out . Cardinals are placing RB David Johnson on IR ,  per source ,  but with the chance to return this season . So ,  without playing a single snap ,  Patriots RB Steven Jackson finally has made playoffs for first time in 12 year NFL career . With the Saints and Malcom Jenkins agreement to be done tonight ,  that leaves five unsigned first round picks . And those five are a struggle . Colts' 31 year old OL Joe Reitz announced he is retiring from the NFL . Jets' Oday Aboushi has been suspended for first game of regular season for violating the NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . Packers do not know if RB Eddie Lacy's upcoming ankle surgery will be season ending but he will be placed on IR ...  ESPN to televise a 28 Hour Fantasy Football Marathon from early Monday night into late Tuesday night   . TonightCarolina at NE ,  730 pmNYG at NY Jets ,  730 pmJacksonville at Detroit ,  730 pmOakland at GB ,  8 pmChicago at Seattle ,  10 pm . Steelers WR Antonio Brown could be fined for violating the leagues social media policy for his post game live ...  Let's be clear about this Quinn wanted to be done with the Browns as much as they wanted to be done with him . Roll call  . Ordinarily I don't recommend Allure magazine   truly   but this month's issue has a nice piece on super sideline reporter Andrea Kremer . If Bruce Gradkowski had quarterbacked the Raiders all season ,  Oakland would be competing for a playoff spot . Tom Brady's agent Don Yee said today his client was not diagnosed with a concussion last season.Tom was not ...  More brutal injury news from Chicago  .  . Chances of landing No . 1 pick ,  per Jags 31.6%Titans 31.4%Bucs 25.7%Raiders 10.4%Redskins 0.9%Jets .02%Saints WR Lance Moore is active ,  according to Ed Werder . Saints CB Tracy Porter is not . RT @OAKRAIDERS Raiders release john paul foschi ,  sign defensive back ricky manning . Welcome back ,  @robinroberts . If Dallas were to sign Greg Hardy ,  it would greatly diminish its financial flexibility to acquire Adrian Peterson . Too close to cap as is . An off day for the Patriots turns into a great day for the Patriots . Just wrapped up a fun spot on WEEI in Boston with two of my favorite journalists ,  Jackie MacMullen and Bob Ryan . There's a statement  . Cleveland rookies Last day of freedom before running sprints ,  carrying helmets  getting donuts . Camp starts tomorrow . Tomorrow  !  Its here . Remember when Arizona was 4 0 ? Saints have allowed single season record TD passes . Next up Julio Jones . #ad  . Wide Receiver Derrick Mason has decided he will sign with the New York Jets . Rex Ryan said he believes LeSean McCoy will play Sunday vs . Colts . The five greatest draft classes in NFL history  . By trading one of their second round picks ,  Patriots now schedule to have 3 third round picks and 5 sixth round picks . RT @GreilDeal @AdamSchefter remember this  ?  Chiefs hired former Dolphins assistant Brian Daboll as their offensive coordinator . Pittsburgh strengthening its line . Steelers signed former Cowboys OT Flozell Adams to a two year contract ,  according to team official . RT @PhilliesCirca88 Is today your Christmas morning  ?   ...  Every football Sunday is . Lions QB Matthew Stafford becomes the highest paid NFL player in history ...  Has little value now . RT @JPriv13 @Adamschefter Any chance the titans trade an unhappy ,  unapologetic Jevon Kearse  ?  Steelers have signed fourth round pick ,  quarterback Landry Jones ,  to a four year contract . RT @jwell07 Von Miller going to get any love for defensive player of the year  ?   ...  Were it not for this injury ,  he might just win it . More inactives Colts RB Joseph Addai and Redskins WR Anthony Armstrong . Chiefs placed tight end Kevin Boss on injured reserve and signed linebacker Bryan Kehl . Jets announced Calvin Pace did not travel to Buffalo and is out for Sunday's game versus the Bills . 49ers TE Garrett Celek ,  questionable with a knee and rib injury ,  is expected to play Sunday vs . Jaguars ,  per source . With Bengals WR John Ross  9th overall  ruled out 5 top 10 draftees will not start week 1  Garrett ,  Trubisky ,  M . Williams ,  Ross ,  Mahomes  . Texans safety Ed Reed  hip  and running back Arian Foster  calf  were placed on PUP list today . Filed to ESPN Brandon Marshall is going to be traded to the Miami Dolphins for a second round pick this year and another pick next year . ESPN NFL Power rankings Chiefs jump to No . 1 Cowboys crack top 10.This morning in Charlotte ,  N.C' ,  Dr . Robert Anderson cleared former Giants RB Ahmad Bradshaw to resume all football related activites . Dez Bryant and the Dallas Cowboys have agreed to a five year ,  70 million deal ,  per @mortreport . When Terrell Suggs was raised in St Paul and played center in Pee Wee football ,  his quarterback was Joe Mauer . Steelers assistant coach Joey Porter will be fined for coming on to field Saturday night and engaging Bengals players ,  per a source . Chiefs inactives include Alex Smith ,  Jamaal Charles ,  Dwayne Bowe ,  Dontari Poe ,  Derrick Johnson ,  Tamba Hali ... NFL Draft is exactly one month from tonight ... Browns WR Josh Cribbs failed physical with Cardinals ,  per ESPN Cleveland . A meniscus issue . However Cribbs still could sign with AZ later . RT @jsermo  I've seen ur blackberry everytime u have been on camera today . Does that thing ever leave your side ? &lt It's velcroed to my palm . Packers RB Aaron Jones ,  questionable for Sunday due to knee injury ,  is expected to play ,  per source ,  but Jamal Wil  . Until now ,  Steelers OT Willie Colon was best known for accompanying QB Ben Roethlisberger on the night of his Georgia trouble . Melvin Gordon ,  Antonio Gates active.Danny Amendola active.Marquise Goodwin active.Luke Kuechly active . Carolina will not use its franchise tag on RB DeAngelo Williams . Panthers either will tag C Ryan Kalil or DE Charles Johnson ,  not Williams . RT @gregaiello Our office was notified at 454 pm ET that the players have ratified the new 10 year CBA . Love a good old fashioned tweet off like the one between @ddockett and @bobglauber . Think Dockett has mistaken Glauber for some backup OL . A foot specialist said TE Chris Cooley's fractured ankle is not as bad as initially thought . May play again in 4 weeks . Wade Phillips' new contract included an option through 2012 that was struck from deal at last minute . Two year extension through 2011.Read NY Times story on mysterious death of District Attorney Ray Gricar ,  who was investigating Jerry Sandusky . Interesting to say the least . While Patriots G Logan Mankins has withdrawn his demands ,  Vincent Jackson hasn't ,  despite denials that he wants 10 million or no tag . Under terms in CBA ,  each player on winning Pro Bowl team receives 53,000 ,  while each player on losing Pro Bowl team earns 26,000.Patriots and starting right tackle Marcus Cannon agreed to a five year contract extension ,  per @MikeReiss and @FieldYates . Back in training camp ,  Rex Ryan signed Jets logo on ESPN tour bus ,  Soon to be Champs. Wes Welker signed Pats logo ,  One game at a time.Giants matriarch Ann Mara says broken shoulder ,  which she did not sustain berating Terry Bradshaw ,  won't keep her from SB . She's probable . Buffalo's second round pick Cordy Glenn I am happy . One I get to play left tackle and two Buffalo is one of my favorite teams.Initial indications are Colts RB Ahmad Bradshaw broke ankle . Testing today to determine injury's severity ,  if surgery is needed ,  per sources . Packers' fourth round pick Vince Biegel underwent foot surgery last week ,  per @RobDemovsky and me . Start of training camp in jeopardy . Another youth movement . RT @MartyRobinson Packers Francois ,  Quarless ,  Shields ,  Bulaga ,  Starks ,  Zombo ,  Burnett ,  Wilson ,  Neal . So close  !  Big problem . If I tweet about which players I take in my fantasy drafts on Sept . 8 and 9 ,  I'm worried my whole team will be jinxed . Busy 10 days for Kim and Terry Pegula . Fired the Buffalo Sabres HC and GM and now ,  one day after draft ,  fired Bills GM Doug Whaley . Snowmaggedon . Stay safe . RT @thegreek Any updates on the CBA  ...  Please check back in July . Falcons LB Robert James has been suspended the first four games of 2010 for violating NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . For the rest of today's game ,  Steelers' backup QB is ... tight end Heath Miler . Lions exec texted to squash any talk team interested in Ray Rice We are NOT signing Ray Rice ,  never have even discussed him . 1000% false.Vincent Jackson deal in Tampa 5 yrs ,  55.55 million ,  including 26 million guaranteed ,  36 million in 1st 3 yrs ,  26 million in 1st 2 yrs . RT @SoCalStorm25 You can't draft 2 QBs in 1st Rd in back to back drafts . It sets back franchise .  ...  Passing up Luck sets it back even more . RT @ChimpMagnet Odds on someone actually making a play for Wallace  ?   ...  Had someone in league tell me Friday 50 50 ,  and I agree . DA It would be a miscarriage of justice to pursue criminal charges and we will not ask our citizens to give up their valuable time.The NFLs Competition Committee Jeff Fisher ,  Rich McKay ,  Marvin Lewis ,  John Mara ,  Ozzie Newsome ,  Bill Polian ,  Rick Smith ,  Stephen Jones . Cover of the Super Bowl XLVIII Program ,  via @gamedayhq . This tweeter was on to something last night . RT @bdischy Coincedence that PITT has 5 National TV games but 0 of their first 6 games  ?  For fun of it Texas Rangers and pitcher Yu Darvish agreed to a 6 year deal worth 60 million just prior to the 5 PM ET Wednesday deadline . Packers placed TE Jermichael Finley on injured reserve and have activated T Derek Sherrod from reservephysically unable to perform list . Deacon Jones ,  who has left us after 74 Hall of Fame years ,  was a Man's man as well as The Man . May he rest in peace . 49ers are making their former owner ,  Eddie DeBartolo Jr. ,  their honorary captain for Sunday's NFC Championship game vs . Giants . ESPNs Wednesday Night Hoops Intertwines NBA & College . Sign of the times . RT @UFLCommissioner  Innovation UFL using social media to unveil @VADestroyers uniforms  . RT @MFante  Any truth to the RamsBucs blockbuster deal  ?   ...  This trade is as close as I am to being the No . 1 overall pick . Let's just stop with this CBA drama . There is none . #dontgetyourhopesup . Bills promoted TE Jonathan Stupar to the 53 man roster and placed TE Derek Schouman on Injured Reserve . RT @NotoriousOHM How Andre Brown's suspension affects the Giants' running back situation   . One night was all Jets needed to make roster moves . Jets signed free agent G Dennis Conley and waived QB Chris Pizzotti and WR Paul Raymond . Titans are signing former Ravens OT Michael Oher to a 4 year ,  20M deal that includes 9.5M gtd . Blindside to Nashville . Jared Goff will make his first NFL start Sunday at home vs Miami Dolphins ,  per @mortreport . Goff tries to give Rams postseason push . Steelers HC Mike Tomlin said he does not expect RB Rashard Mendenhall to play the wild card game vs . Denver . Just what you want to avoid in preseason   injuries . Jaguars WR Mike Sims Walker injures shoulder . Severity unknown .  . They always seem to play a stinker about now . RT @bjax536 As an Eagles fan , is there cause for concern after today's performance at Oakland  ?  Vikings tight end Kyle Rudolph is gambling today by playing in Carolina while his wife Jordan is expecting twin ...  NFL fining Marshawn Lynch 50,000 for not talking to reporters after Sunday's game at KC per @Edwerderespn . No talk not cheap . Wonder what JaMarcus Russell ,  drafted one spot ahead of Calvin Johnson ,  thinks of the richest deal in NFL history . Here here . RT @SIJimTrotter Btw ,  great reporting on this story by Jeff Legwold and Dave Krieger . Friday 10 Spot Which teams could ,  and will ,  make it to Indianapolis and the Super Bowl . Best wishes to an all time great . RT @espn NFL Films' Steve Sabol in hospital after having seizure    . Not a great day for the Gronkowski brothers Chris Gronkowski and Dan Gronkowski both have been told they will be cut . Chiefs QB Brodie Croyle ,  C Rudy Niswanger and T Ryan OCallaghan have signed their restricted free agent tenders . The official release   a slice of history . Our 35th President ,  John F . Kennedy ,  would have been 98 years old today . Happy birthday ,  Coach RT @giantspathanlon According to Bob Papa ,  Coach Lombardi of Fordham ,  NYG and GB greatness would've been 97 today . A primer for this week please follow @ESPYs &lt . Giants FB Nikita Whitlock suspended without pay for the teams next 10 games for violating NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . Done deal Arizona trades WR Anquan Boldin and a 2010 fifth round pick to Baltimore for Ravens 2010 third  and fourth round picks . Jerry Jones' comments came during a ceremony to signal the opening of Cowboys training camp Monday . Glory hole for NY tabloid writers today . Look at Stink breaking news . RT @markschlereth Tonight Brady Quinn takes over as #2 QB for Broncos . Tebow goes to #3 ! NFL wants to build on success of 'My Cause ,  My Cleats' . Here's one example of how chaotic the NFL world has been Since Wednesday ,  the Arizona Cardinals have signed 51 players . RT @johnelway We are thrilled to announce that the Broncos have agreed to terms on a new four year contract with cornerback Champ Bailey . Insider alert ESPN analyst Louis Riddick will interview next week in NY for 49ers' GM job ,  per sources . RT @MikeReiss Tom Brady gets doused by water and then gets cake in the face by teammates on his 32nd birthday . Highlight of practice . And Doug Pederson announces that his defensive coordinator will be Jim Schwartz . RT @SportsCenter Express Times reports Penn State president Graham Spanier will resign or be voted out .  ...  Everyone involved goes . Simple . RT @mortreport Arbirtrator Stephen Burbank rules in favor of @drewbrees and NFLPA   next year will count as his 3rd and last franchise tag . Seahawks have signed former 49ers cornerback Perrish Cox to their 53 man active roster . Former Bears return specialist Devin Hester agreed to terms on a 3 year deal with the Atlanta Falcons ,  per ESPN source . Former Chargers G Orlando Franklin has agreed to terms on a 1 year deal with the Saints ,  per source . Good link Spike Lee's Lil' Joints Of The Father And Of The Son.Patriots claimed former Browns DB Bret Lockett off waivers from Cleveland . To make room for Lockett ,  the Patriots released WR Greg Lewis . Big Monday ahead with @mortreport ,  @WendiNixESPN and Billy Devaney on ESPN's NFL Insiders at 3 pm ,  minutes away . Genius at work ...  RT @MeganCassidy Completely incredible . Adam Levine doing impersonations on Fallon  . How's this for a turn on Nnamdi Asomugha sweepstakes . Jets are out . Nnamdi's about ready to make up his mind . Cowboys expected to host visit for Redskins' free agent RB Alfred Morris on Monday ,  as @nickeatman reported . RT @albertbreer Brandon Marshall on ESPN What's the Island called  ?  Revis Island  ?  Well ,  I just got married . Maybe we'll honeymoon there.RT @wille777 Where does Elam rank in best kickers in history of league  ?  Top five ,  maybe top 3. Stenerud . Vinatieri . And Elam not far off . Peyton Manning saying Forza Roma ,  meaning Cmon Roma. AS Roma is in Denver to play Manchester United Sat night . RT @giantspathanlon Mr . @nflcommish ,  you sore today  ?  You took some hellacious hits after announcing selection of those first few rookies . Why does it seem like NBA teams are planning around 2010 free agency when there are only a few plums and most teams will be shutout  ?  Two other rookie standouts tonight San Francisco RB Glen Coffee and Tampa Bay WR Sammie Stroughter . Either could excel with opportunity . Looks like Ravens play in New England against the Wes Welker less Patriots . And Jets or Texans play in Cincinnati . Again ,  please unfollow @rodneyh37   he's an impostor . First waiver claim in Detroit gets former Vikings CB Marcus McCauley . Nothing like one division rival taking from another . To track the tweets of the players in the Super Bowl ,  just go here  . And there's one fewer quaity free agent this morning   Aaron Kampman to the Jaguars . Here it is RT @jagsreporter  . Now it can be confirmed . Cincinnati hired Jay Gruden as its offensive coordinator . Get ready for all teams to use RFA tenders as weapons . @daringantt reports Panthers will place tenders on DeAngelo Williams ,  Charles Johnson . Giants G Chris Snee was placed on injured reserve when the Giants traded for linebacker Jon Beason . Trade now official  Bears acquired S Chris Harris in a trade with the Carolina Panthers for LB Jamar Williams . Broncos LB Von Miller's Pre Super Bowl win  . Should Patriots need more QB depth ,  their TE A.J . Derby also played QB at Arkansas before switching to TE before his senior season . When two sides meet this am ,  Eagles will ask CB Nnamdi Asomugha to restructure contract or they will release him . Asomugha guaranteed 4mil . Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger missed portion of Wednesday's practice for conference call pertaining to ongoing civil case from Lake Tahoe . If you liked that ... showtimes for remaining four parts of OJ Made in America on ESPN ...  Cowboys have won three straight games on Thanksgiving dating back to 06 by a combined score of 106 22.RT @jmtorrey Deon Butler led Penn State in Rec Yards EVERY season w Williams . He was ALWAYS the better WR . Just not the hyped WR . Texans RB Ben Tate ,  a limited participant in last weeks practices due to a toe injury ,  is unlikely to play tonight vs . Jets . Bears have elevated QB Matt Barkley to active roster and placed LB Lamarr Houston on injured reserve . This locker now belongs to me with apologies to @LarryFitzgerald . Saints traded 7th round pick and 2018 second round pick to SF for a third this year . Says how much Saints loved RB Alvin Kamara . Some free agent nuggets RB Ahmard Hall worked out for Miami ,  RB Jacob Hester visited Seattle ,  QB Kevin O'Connell worked out for Seahawks . Patriots now have announced that Julian Edelman officially will miss the 2017 season . RT @JoshElkin so wheres the trade you were talking about this morning Adam  ?   ...  It got hung up today . Happens with trades . But it's coming . Saints' LT Terron Armstead is signing a 5 year extension that will tie him to New Orleans through 2021 ,  per @JosinaAnderson . A big deal . Former Browns CB Buster Skrine expected to sign with Jets ,  per me and @caplannfl . On this date in 1979 ,  ESPN debuted on cable television . Thanks to the efforts of so many back then ,  come a long way . The details ...  RT @espnnfl Dolphins fly out to convince Jim Harbaugh to become coach ,  sources say   . Titans requested permission to interview Jags asst Doug Marrone ,  per sources denied permission to interview Vikings asst GM George Paton . Rams stadium scheduled to open in 2019 is being pushed back until 2020 due to weather delays ,  per source . Rain killled us ,  said source . Whoever takes the leading role in Cleveland will hire a GM ,  and those two men are expected to decide fate or Browns HC Eric Mangini . back . Titans coach Jeff Fisher said he will announce his starting QB for Sunday's game after Thursday's practice ... Still think it's Collins . Tests confirmed the season for  Dolphins TE Dustin Keller is over ,  as @AlexMarvez reported . Bad knee injury . Deshaun Watson went down on a normal drill ,  running a read option ,  on a grass field ,  per source . Didnt yell ,  trainers took him off field . Redskins quarterback Robert Griffin III will not be active today and Rex Grossman will be the backup to starter Kirk Cousins . At No . 117 ,  Falcons drafted UNLV center Joe Hawley ,  a real scrapper . #nfldraft . Big news from big contributorRT @wilfork75 Morning guys  ...  Please read below this will be my only statement ...  Former Colts C Jeff Saturday is close to agreeing to a deal with the Packers . Not done ,  but very likely ,  said source familiar with deal . Read John Saunders' book ,  Playing Hurt ,  quickly . Not a book about sports ,  but life . Harrowing and heroic . Out now . With just about 8,000 followers ,  I'm fully confident that any day now ,  we'll catch @TheEllenShow ,  right  ?  New England Patriots announced the signing of free agent linebacker Bobby Carpenter . Hello ,  Wade Phillips Texans defense set a franchise preseason record with seven sacks versus the Jets . Numbers never lie Since 1997 ,  the Cowboys are 133 133 overall . They were 8 8 in 2011 ,  8 8 in 2012 and they are 5 5 so far this year . First Friday NFL notes column of season Why Seattle ,  SF ,  New Orleans ,  Denver are taking safety measures . Paging Arizona The St . Louis Rams have released QB Marc Bulger ,  the team announced today . Concussiom   he'll be monitored closely . RT @Wackman44 @AdamSchefter any news on trent edwards injury  ?  Colts expect that HC Chuck Pagano's job is safe . Team owner Jim Irsay addressing media ,  and his team's issues ,  shortly . Ravens WR Marlon Brown is inactive . Eddie Lacy's deal in Seattle 1 year ,  5.55M with 3M fully guaranteed ,  per source . And more birthday wishes ,  including a very popular QB  ...  RT @JakeMydlo10 @AdamSchefter Its my birthday today too . So is Tim Tebows . Former Falcons DE is scheduled to visit the Titans today and Friday . Vikings did not activate WR Sidney Rice  hip  from PUP list Saturday ,  which means he will not make his season debut Sunday ,  says Ed Werder . After visiting the Raiders and 49ers ,  TE Anthony Becht has decided to re sign with the ardinals on a 1 yr deal for 950,000.Friday Blitz A golden age for CBs with Richard Sherman ,  Patrick Peterson ,  Joe Haden .  Filed to ESPN Redskins are scheduled to host a visit Thursday with former Chiefs and Bengals running back Larry Johnson . All one NFL spokesman would say was that Reuben Foster was being sent home for personal reasons and did not want to comment any further . No team claimed RB Edgerrin James on waivers . He now is an unrestricted free agent . But the fact that no one claimed him doesn't bode well . Colts bringing Chiefs director of personnel Chris Ballard back for a second interview ,  per Colts source . First ...  RT @AntwanOdom98 To my fans Please don't believe the rumors . Yes I tested positive for a banned substance but i   . Bears announced they have placed G Lance Louis on injured reserve with a knee injury . Lions announced they signed RBs Mike Bell and Jerome Harrison . ESPN Secures U.S . Rights to Canadian Football League Games . 86 Games on ESPN in 2014 as Part of Multi Year Agreement . Chip Kelly turned down a chance to go to the NFL and to returned to Oregon ,  according to sources . Considered Eagles but stayed at Oregon . Colts OC Bruce Arians has added Eagles on Tuesday to an interview schedule that included Bears on Sunday and Chargers on Monday . RT @IronicLastName So VJax to the Patriots isn't a possibility anymore now that Branch rejoined  ?   ...  VJax to Pats never was a possibility . Text from someone in know on Ben Roethlisberger Still a lot to be determined this afternoon so any guess now would probably be wrong.St . Louis Rams RB Steven Jackson was named to the NFCs 2010 Pro Bowl team . Giants CB Janoris Jenkins is undergoing ankle surgery today ,  per source . Ankle has hindered him for two months . BUFF set up for 2018 draft2 1st round picks  Mahomes deal   2 2nd round picks  Watkins deal   2 3rd round picks  Matthews Darby deal .Former Seahawks G Rob Sims now will become the favorite to start at left guard in Detroit . So ... with Nets hiring Jason Kidd as their HC ,  which NFL player would make the best HC  ?  Found a nice website with each team's NFL schedule  along with schedules of all teams in all sports   . Patriots and kicker Stephen Gostkowski agree to four year deal to beat franchise tag deadline ,  per @MikeReiss . Another franchise deal . Have we ever seen anything like this at the Masters  ?  Dolphins are waiving former third round pick ,  TE Michael Egnew ,  per league source . Must pay him 2.4 million . RT @TheSoccerMoms how could chambers possibly clear waivers without getting grabbed . Its like adding a free guy . Different world ...  RT @JeffDuncanTP Twitter has pretty much destroyed the suspense of all network televised drafts .  ...  And I love it . Happy birthday RT @Inkspot77 @AdamSchefter believe it or not I was born on 9 9 77. Today being 9 9 9 how about a birthday shout out . Patriots activated RB Brandon Bolden to the 53 man roster . RT @rodtopia  any word on Donald Lee's status for Sunday  ?   ...  He practiced fully today and is listed as probable . Big day Jets fans . Wonder if this can be used late in 4th qtr ,  when Jets need it RT @MarkSanchez..Getting a New Jersey Drivers License . FF Now Trade Deadline special 10a 12p on ESPNEWS . Clock is ticking ... Rams WR Brian Quick has a dislocated shoulder and torn rotator cuff and is likely done for the season ,  per source . RT @gregaiello Commissioner Goodell has advised Steelers & Ben Roethlisbeger that he is cleared to return to team activities next week . Today's Stuart Scott's 50th birthday . His daughters ,  @TaeAndSyd ,  asking to make this #NationalIceCreamDay . Easy . Enjoy #Happy50thStuartScott . And there it is  !  Another royalty check for The Longest Yard ,  16.65. And another donation to Make A Wish . No great surprise ,  it's what most expected ,  but Colts have told Andrew Luck they will take him with the No . 1 overall pick ,  per NFL source . RT @BtothaILLY21 @AdamSchefter Suzy Kolber put more pressure on Brady just now than the Bills defense did on that last drive . On this day in 1991 ,  Brett Favre took the call that told him the Falcons drafted him in round 2 ...  If uncapped year comes as expected in 2010 ,  Roger Goodell then would have the right to do away with the controversial rookie salary pool . For 1st time ,  Div Playoffs feature four SB MVP QBs Tom Brady  XXXVI ,  XXXVIIi  ,  Drew Brees  XLIV  ,  Eli Manning  XLII  ,  Aaron Rodgers  XLV .Jets will hold follow up discussions with at least two GM candidates they have interviewed . Name to watch former Bears GM Jerry Angelo . Is it time yet to just hand Saints safety Darren Sharper the NFL's defensive MVP award yet  ?  And now the trades are flying ... Wish I had time to answer all tweets . RT @TheWhiteRanger man you really love your Career it's fri night & your still doing it congrats . Scott ,  Part 3 ,  on his thoughts on the Dolphins They are Super Bowl contenders and they will probably take it all the way. Whoa . This off season ,  LB Thomas Davis ,  S Marlin Jackson ,  WR Limas Sweed and OT Willie Colon all have suffered season ending injuries . For the second straight day ,  Redskins DT Albert Haynesworth failed his conditioning test and is not practicing with the team . Vikings and Leslie Frazier have reached an agreement that will remove the interim tag from Fraziers title . Jerry Sandusky guilty on 45 of 47 counts in child sexual abuse case . He will be sentenced in about 90 days and spend rest of life in jail . Suspensions from Talib Crabtree fight would be among harshest ever ,  per @SeifertESPN.2014 NFL Draft airs on ESPN May 8 @ 8pm ET . Think this guy is anxious for that night  ?  Jamaal Charles is all time leader in yards per rush among players with 1,000 rush attemptsJ . Charles 5.5Jim Brown 5.2Barry Sanders 5.2Thanks 4 shoutout @SportsCareers @CiaoBella50 @LennyDeLeon @RockabyeArena @Katiemdesigns @ninerchick05 @mondotikiman @MarkTudi @CECUGA94 . Ted Wells in his report We reject the assertion by Incognito that Martin has fabricated claims of harassment after the fact.My friend Shawn Phillips had the perfect description of the late Steve Sabol . Phillips called Steve Sabol the Steve Jobs of sports.Chiefs RB Jamaal Charles is active . Team has limited package for him ,  but let's see how it shakes out . RT @THE1CHIEFROCK @RGIII got signed yet  ?   ...  Nope . Will be interesting to see who signs first ,  RGIII or Luck . Former Bengals LB Nate Webster was sentenced today to 12 years in prison for having sex with an underaged girl . Facts speak for themselves . Bet people would be real excited to sit in Arctic cold like this at next year's Super Bowl in New YorkNew Jersey ,  don't you think  ?  For second straight week ,  Seattle blows fourth quarter lead to unbeaten team . Redskins re signed TE Fred Davis to a one year deal . UNOFFICIAL WR 40 timesLSU's Odell Beckham 4.31.Texas A & M's Mike Evans 4.47.Florida State's Kelvin Benjamin 4.59.Buccaneers announced that they have placed S Cody Grimm and T Jeremy Trueblood on Injured Reserve . Broncos still examining C Dan Koppen but he heard a pop in his knee ,  which never is a good sign ,  per source . Redskins' GM Scot McCloughan not in office for start of free agent negotiating period ,  as The Washington Post reported . Spagnuolo will be great   in time . RT @Efnews @AdamSchefterWhat r ur thought's on Spagnolo so far  ?  The Giants D looks fine so far . Texans likely to lose DELB Mario Williams ,  but their free agent center Chris Myers also is visiting today with the Tennessee Titans . New Titans' GM Jon Robinson already has put the No . 1 pick up for sale . We will look at any and all offers that come this way ,  he said . Nuts and bolts of the Arizona Cardinals putting their staff on one week furloughs  . Classy Titans QB Vince Young brought Steve McNair's sons ,  Tyler and Trenton McNair ,  to this week's Pro Bowl events and game . Bills WRs Jordan Matthews  knee  and Deonte Thompson  ankle  ,  both listed as questionable for Sunday vs . Chiefs ,  ar  . Rams' second first round pick ,  No . 22 overall ,  clearly is for sale . STL looking to deal out of 22.Players to be reinstated WR Wes Welker ,  WR Steadman Bailey ,  DB Orlando Scandrick ,  OL Eric Herman ,  DE Spencer Nealy via @mortreport and me . With Josh Huff's opening kick return for a TD ,  9 different Eagles have now scored a return TD ,  tied for most in single season in NFL history . And put Saints QB Drew Brees in the same category as Matt Forte neither is expected to show up for Monday's workouts . A major loss in NFL world super agent Eugene Parker lost his battle Thursday night with kidney cancer discovered in November . He was 60.During practice Sunday ,  Raiders' WR Andre Holmes fractured his hand and now is expected to be out 3 4 weeks ,  sources tell ESPN . Tennessee Titans are signing WR Andre Johnson ,  per source . An arraignment of  Aaron Hernandez has been scheduled to take place on September 6th at 2 p.m . Vikings and Norv Turner are close to a deal and league sources believe he will be Mike Zimmer's offensive coordinator in Minnesota . Arian Foster's new deal with Houston is for five years . Bet Ray Rice and Matt Forte are real curious about the numbers on it . Police issue arrest warrant for obstruction of justice for Aaron Hernandez ,  per multiple media reports . RT @bambino03 Kokinis out ,  reported by WKYC TV in Cleveland &lt  Something's going on ,  undoubtedly ,  but still no confirmation of this yet . So the players being shopped have been released yet the player being released ,  Darren Sproles ,  now is being shopped . And will be traded . Along with John Elway and Bruce Arians ,  former NYG HC Tom Coughlin also has been added to NFL's competition committee ,  per source . Owners now have the leverage . This is a complete win for the owners . Players are in trouble ,  based on judge's words in this ruling . Jordan Reed inactive.Charles Clay is active . Guessing game begins Drew Rosenhaus texted he is very confident that Terrell Owens will have a new deal within the next few weeks.Bears agreed to terms on a one year contract with former Giants WR Devin Thomas . Broncos will inquire about former QB Peyton Manning's availability and see if he has interest in coming to Denver . RT @gregaiello On B Edwards ,  discipllne for alcohol violations of law is handled by league . Teams CANNOT suspend or  ...  So now WR Vincent Jackson has his eyes on Brandon Marshall's deal and OT Marcus McNeill has his eyes on D'Brickashaw Ferguson's deal . NFL said Ed Reed's hit on Emmanuel Sanders was his third violation in past three seasons . Hit Deion Branch in September ,  Drew Brees in 2010.Not a good sign and no deal close ...  Ummm ,  since when did SportsCenter anchor @jaycrawfordespn become a film critic  ?  !  ?  Ben Roethlisberger is still unsure if he will be able to start tonight's game against 49ers . Roethlisberger is a true game time decision . Jeremy  !  Lin  !  NFL looking at contingencies if air quality in Oakland from fires remains at unacceptable levels ,  per league official . A decision soon . Ravens HC John Harbaugh said G Marshal Yanda is out for the year with an ankle injury . Lions DT Ndamukong Suh has formally and officially appealed . Art Shell will serve as the appeals officer . Bob Sanders' insurance Colts have signed S DaJuan Morgan and waived offensive lineman Joe Reitz . RT @gregaiello Pro Bowl KO at 730 pm Sunday night on the Worldwide Leader in Sports ESPN .  ...  And the pregame show kicks off @ 530.Former Univ . of Miami OC Mark Whipple has agreed to become Browns QB coach . With Whipple and Pat Shurmer ,  Browns not likely to hire an OC . Due to a forecasted storm for Kansas City ,  Steelers Chiefs Divisional Playoff game has been moved to 820 p.m . ET . I say we put Roger Goodell and DeMaurice Smith in a room and ,  you know ,  see what happens . Broncos announced they placed John Bowlen Jr .   son of the Broncos' owner   on indefinite leave of absence for his domestic violence arrest . Buccaneers rookie WR Mike Evans is expected to be out 2 3 weeks with a groin injury. ,  as @MikeGarafolo reported . Seattle QB Russell Wilson will play last season of his deal w insurance policy worth millions in case of career ending injury ,  per sources . Here's partly why David Harris ,  LaMarr Woodley ,  Ryan Kalil signed franchise tenders Guaranteed contracts ,  no offseason conditioning . Nice . Vikings are 9 2 for first time since 2009 ,  when they started 10 1 and reached the NFC Championship game . After too many collisions ,  NFL will discuss moving umpires next season to keep them safer . Possible we could see umpires wearing ... helmets . Ayers deal is for five years . He needs to be good . Denver needs all the help it can get on its defensive line . RT @NotoriousOHM Marc Ross one of four Bears GM candidates per ESPN Chicago  . Paging Brett Favre . Please pick up the white   or purple   courtesy phone . Four teams tried talking Jason Campbell out of retirement this year none succeeded . Campbell highly unlikely ...  In case anyone is having a hard time falling asleep ...  RT @espn Day 5 Mediated NFL labor meetings resume    . Colts were awarded a seventh round compensatory choice ,  the 253rd and final pick ,  that will be known as the Mr . Irrelevant pick . From @mortreport and me Ken Whisenhunt has accepted an offer to become the next coach of Tennessee Titans . Sked Broncos and Wes Welker vs . Patriots ,  Texans and Ed Reed vs Ravens ,  and Ravens and Elvis Dumervil vs Broncos . Known for his accuracy ,  Warriors PG ,  reigning MVP and Charlotte native Steph Curry predicting a 24 17 Panthers win over Broncos in SB 50.Take one QB rumored to be on trade market off it . Doesn't sound to me like Chiefs QB Tyler Thigpen is going anywhere . Judge Nelson will take at least another day ,  until 9 am Wednesday ,  to consider whether to put ruling on hold . Jaguars claimed former Patriots wide receiver Taylor Price on waivers today . Chiefs WR Jeremy Maclin in inactive . Out . Bears now have traded down twice in 2nd round ,  picking up two 4th round picks and 2017 4th rounder . Packers QB Aaron Rodgers officially ruled out for Sunday . NFL examining other options ,  including playing game this Sunday at a neutral site or in Miami later this season hoping for decision tonight . Sign of critical stage Jerry Jones ,  Jerry Richardson ,  Pat Bowlen ,  Mark Murphy ,  Mike Brown ,  Dean Spanos scheduled to be in Washington today . Irreconcilable differences  ?  RT @schadjoe Bobby Petrino is out at Arkansas . Bills signing former 49ers LB Gerald Hodges to a one year deal ,  per source . Colin Kaepernick ,  49ers sign off on two year deal with player option for one year . And here was new Browns GM John Dorsey one month ago ... Pitt prac sqd WR Tyler Grisham ,  RBs Isaac Redman and Justin Vincent ,  TE Dezmond Sherrod ,  OL A.Q . Shipley ,  DL Steve McLendon ,  LB D . Woods . Prepping for a big day at ESPN   10 am SC ,  11 am countdown RT @Mattfen2 @AdamSchefter where have you been all day  ?  Are you feeling okay  ?  So on wild card weekend ,  it's Detroit at Dallas ,  and Arizona at Carolina . Nice quiet one week span for Jets traded Darrelle Revis ,  drafted Dee Milliner and Geno Smith ,  released Tim Tebow . Eagles and Sam Bradford reached agreement on 2 year deal ,  per team . No Academy Awards tonight for Cabevision subscribers in NY ,  NJ and CT . ABC off the air in those places . Sure glad I'm with Verizion Fios . Browns fired executive VP Sashi Brown ,  the man who headed Clevelands personnel department the past two years ,  leag  . Eagles released Evan Mathis ,  per source . Bucs have made the move Benching Josh Freeman for Mike Glennon ,  per league source . Pack going to postseason . ESPN could announce later that I am dropping out of the Pro Bowl and being replaced by Buster Olney . Cameron Wake and the Miami Dolphins reached agreement on a 4 yr ,  49 million extension that includes 20 million guaranteed . Former Falcons S Erik Coleman has agreed to terms with the Lions on a 1 yr contract . Big deal Panthers signed franchise DT Kawann Short to a 5 year ,  80 million contract ,  per sources . Beat July deadline ,  no holdout . Former Colts RB Chad Simpson is participating in the Saints mini camp on a try out basis . NFL now saying there will be no settlement unless Tom Brady accepts findings of the Wells report ,  sources tell ESPN's @mortreport . Deals now flying . Bills traded for picks 37 and 149 in 4th from the Rams for 44 and 91st in third round . RT @Seeuonthegreen Reid said he would be back . Same thing about Mcnabb last year .  ...  Now you see some of the challenges of our jobs . Pat Bowlen steps down as Broncos' owner due to Alzheimer's ,  per the Denver Post . Bowlen is one of best owners in all of sports . A blow to N.O .   Saints placed DE Charles Grant on injured reserve due to a triceps injury and resigned DE Paul Spicer . To Lions' Active Physically Unable to Perform list S Louis Delmas ,  DE Jared DeVries ,  TE Brandon Pettigrew ,  S Ko Simpson ,  CB Jack Williams . Falcons' LB Vic Beasley has a slight hamstring tear and is expected to be out about one month ,  as @ZachKleinWSB said . Two streaks on the line today Lions have lost 13 straight in Metrodome ,  Bills have lost 15 straight to the Patriots . Bengals signed Wisconsin G Kevin Zeitler ,  the second of their two first round selections in the 2012 draft . Bengals WR Jerome Simpson with the touchdown of the season . Wow  !  More details Lendale White is facing a 4 game suspension from NFL for violating league's substance abuse policy ,  according to sources . RT @fboutsiders Leon Washington's fractured fibula isn't death knell . Darren Sproles returned from fractured fibula in 2006 and is fine . Thursday Blitz As good as Dallas D has been this season ,  it could have been even better . Here's how ... Despite being listed as questionable for today's game vs ,  Buffalo with an ankle injury ,  Patriots QB Tom Brady will start . Patriots owner Robert Kraft dedicating todays game to the memory of his late wife ,  Myra . And just like that ,  13.952 million is wiped off Carolina's cap . RT @MikeReiss This means veteran RB Fred Taylor and safety S Jarrad Page are both active ,  as they return for the first time from injuries . Sobering stat of the day  aside from the Dow  RT @JasonRomano 9 NFL players have blown out their Achilles tendons since start of camp . Stat from @CSURAM88 that shows the state of the fantasy world @DraftKings will spend more money this year on TV advertising than McDonalds . Rams HC Jeff Fisher said RB Tre Mason ,  who strained his hamstring ,  wont play this week . He probably will be questionable for the opener.As 0 1 Jets and 0 1 Bills prepare for tonight's game Under current playoff format ,  only 12% of teams starting 0 2 went on to make playoffs . One more trade update In return for DE Cassius Marsh ,  Seahawks are receiving 5th  and 7th round picks from New England ,  per source . Werder also reported that ,  if the Broncos make the playoffs ,  there are no assurances that Marshall or Scheffler will play . Colts third round pick ,  DB Kevin Thomas ,  sustained a knee injury during last weeks rookie camp that could cause him to miss this season . Ice ,  Ice ,  baby ...  RT @CMCKENDRYESPN Shifty ice  . New Dolphins GM Dennis Hickey and HC Joe Philbin first bonded when Philbin interviewed amongst others with Hickey for Bucs HC job 2 yrs ago . RT @SIPeterKing Don't know what Zack Bolno did to deserve whacking in Wash . But he's one of the best PR men I've ever dealt with . Sad . Chiefs RB Charcandrick West ,  listed as Q w hamstring ,  will not play vs . Buffalo ,  per source . TE Travis Kelce ,  also Q with ankle ,  will play . Sent to ESPN Former Seattle S Brian Russell & former SD G Kynan Forney en route to Jacksonville . Pending physical ,  appears each will sign . out  ?  Cardinals QB Drew Stanton has a sprained knee and is considered week to week ,  per source . Dallas debated dealing out of 4 ,  considered moving back in draft today . Ultimately decided to stand pat and take RB Ezekiel Elliott . For what it's worth ,  Mike ,  Casserly denied this to me Thurs . RT @ProFootballTalk Casserly ,  Browns have mutual interest  . The last person to interview the late ,  great Al Davis for ESPN was ... Ice Cube . Please tune into Insiders each day this week ,  3 4pm from Herald Square . How NFL likes it 24 teams are now either in a playoff spot or within 1 game of a playoff spot  which is 75% of all teams . Recommended watching for everyone @RobinRoberts interviewing the inspirational and motivational @StuartScott . RT @rotoe31 sounds real shady though . It was a year ago and no proof  !  And she is suing employer because no one backed her . Dion Jordan ,  3rd pick in 2013 ,  is being suspended for 2015 season for another substance abuse policy violation ,  league sources told ESPN . Ryan Lindley is no Cardale Jones . Johnny Manziel I think Merril Hoge needs to worry about his big neckties.Agreed . We've been telling him the same thing for years  !  Dolphins promoted center Jake Brendel ,  meaning starting center Mike Pouncey not expected to play vs Rams . Bills have signed WR Rod Streater . RT @bmifsud Chiefs chances at #1 pick  ?   ...  Believe they'll be in race   and it would be best thing that could happen to them if they win . Ashley Judd is one happy woman today . RT @espn Indianapolis 500 Dario Franchitti wins Indianapolis 500    . Bumped into my Raiders friend ,  WR Darrius Heyward Bey ,  in the halls of ESPN .  RT @DhaniJones @AdamSchefter condirms no NFL fumbles 4 @TheLawFirmBJGE . Hearing no fumbles in NCAA either  ?   ...  False . 3 fumbles Sr . year . Congratulations to my amazing nephew ,  @CaseyBarone ,  who just committed to play soccer and attend school at UPenn . Reports of deal between Eagles and Vince Young are interesting . Young is still on waivers and can not talk to teams till he clears waivers . Filed to ESPN Rams traded LB Will Witherspoon to Eagles for WR Brandon Gibson and a fifth round pick . Sorry on that spelling in 1st version . Raiders HC Dennis Allen said RBs Darren McFadden and Mike Goodson each suffered a high ankle sprain Sunday . Madden Cover Boy Calvin Johnson . Oh boy . RT @RosenbergMike Hope this NBA lockout does not keep the Heat from holding its annual victory party . RT @cnnbrk BlackBerry users experience outages  . I'm not alone . RT @MoveTheSticks I made a bunch of predictions before the college season   I feel good about saying Suh is 1st pick . Saints officially released LB Curtis Lofton today . Five Broncos were chosen to Pro Bowl CB Champ Bailey ,  OT Ryan Clady ,  S Brian Dawkins ,  LB Elvis Dumervil and WR Brandon Marshall . Browns claimed promising rookie RB Darius Jackson on waivers one day after Dallas released him to make room for Darren McFadden ,  per source . Not sure if this beats John Elway on Twitter ,  but the Broncos retained their OC Mike McCoy ,  who also could have gone to Clev or KC . Giants running back Ahmad Bradshaw will not play Sunday vs San Francisco due to his foot injury . San Francisco ,  Washington and Tampa Bay all pursuing free agent CB Eric Wright . NFL will discuss the issue at this week's labor seminar in Dallas and it's possible a change could be implemented this month . Browns overcame a 28 3 deficit in 29 28 win at Tennessee ,  which NFL said is The Largest Comeback Victory by a road team in NFL history . Bills announced they reached agreement with former Panthers WR Corey Philly Brown . And is it too early to start hyping Brett Favre's return to Green Bay yet  ?  Didn't think so . RT @NellaKram21 What are the chances the Packers go after Darren Darrain't Nobody Sharper  !  ?   ...  Haven't even called him to date . QB Sam Bradford visits Rams today . Whether or not he can be signed before the draft will not affect whether St . Louis drafts him . NFL admitted Chargers should have been penalized for an illegal formation and KC should have been able to attempt 36 yd FG . Big change Sunday night flex scheduling that used to start in week 11 now will kick off in week 5 ,  per NFL . Baltimore does what Baltimore does Courtney Upshaw . RT @JohnNiyo By the way ,  Lions haven't won a Science Fair yet ,  either . #SOTU . Ed Marynowitz   Chips personnel guy   also was fired . NFL said it is not trying to settle with Ezekiel Elliott and its confident the punishment will be upheld . Browns also releasing their former punter Spencer Lanning ,  per source . So it's a special teams revamp   new P ,  K ,  LS   in Cleveland . We disagree then . I'm a Colt fan . A top pick . RT @KevinJagMan @AdamSchefter Do you have Colt McCoy as a future NFL starter  ?  I don't . Raiders requested permission to interview Cowboys passing game coordinator Scott Linehan ,  per source . Looks like more Pro Bowls week before SB RT @bhofheimerespn ESPN's Pro Bowl overnight rtg 7.9 mtrd mkt avg . 39% over last yrs 5.7 on NBC . It's 31 degrees warmer here than it will be in Green Bay on Sunday ...  NBC scripts these games for the NFL ,  right  ?  HarperCollins will publish Tim Tebow's memoir ,  Through My Eyes ,  in April 2011. Nathan Whitaker ,  Tony Dungy's ghostwriter ,  will co write it . RT @DhaniJones I'm here @mgomockrock ,  ready to go  !  Let's do this  !  Where is @AdamSchefter  ?   ...  Where I'm supposed to be  !  Where's Mr . MC  ?  RT @SprowESPN Andy Reid is now longest tenured head coach in the NFL . Followed by Bill Belichick . NFL will release its 2017 regular season schedule Thursday at 8 p.m . on ESPN . Chiefs projecting Pro Bowl LB Justin Houston to return in November ,  nine months after he underwent surgery on a torn ACL ,  per source . Patriots CB Darrelle Revis had interest in returning to Jets last off season Rex Ryan was interested ,  too . Jets never made the phone call . Jaguars CB Rashean Mathis and Colts LB Robert Mathis are inactive . Michael Vick has 2.75 million worth of play time incentives . But if he plays ,  and plays well ,  he'll cash in more when his contract is up . apologies . Rams list WR Danny Amendola  elbow  as doubtful ,  RB Steven Jackson  quad  as questionable and QB Sam Bradford  finger  as probable . And as soon as I tweet about John Phillips ,  he sustains a knee injury and won't return . Severity of injury unknown right now . Chargers have lost WR Danario Alexander potentially for the season with the torn ACL ,  per ESPN source . Trade terms for DeMarco Murray to Titans Eagles send Murray and 4th round pick to Tenn for higher 4th round pick in this year's draft . Dolphins announce S Louis Delmas to IR with a torn ACL . Bengals  Andre Smith  ?  Not close . 49ers  Michael Crabtree  ?  Not close . Not what Bengals and Niners fans want to hear but it can change quick . With camp about to begin ,  Falcons are giving WR Roddy White a 4 year extension that ties him to ATL for next five seasons ,  per sources . I don't say this because I will be working for ESPN . But over time ,  its decision on how to handle Big Ben story will be proven 100% correct . The Battle Scarred West Wing Veteran Scripting the N.F.L.s Anthem Message via @NYTimes  . RT @SandoESPN #Seahawks camp Percy Harvin limps off . Moving slowly . RB Willis McGahee reaches agreement with Denver on a 3 yr deal for 7,500,000 ,  including 3 million guaranteed . Friends and foes Jim Harbaugh and Jim Schwartz both worked for Ravens in 1998. Harbaugh started at QB ,  Schwartz was a defensive assistant . I expect Garcon RT @awbartel @AdamSchefter Who's going to start for the Colts opposite Wayne ,  Baskett or Garcon  ?  Colts announced owner Jim Irsay checked into a health care facility and is committed to undergoing necessary treatment for his issues . As @wingoz points out ,  with QBs continuing to pull out of Pro Bowl ,  an invitation might come any day now for JaMarcus Russell . Colts signed Andrew Luck through 2021.No history yet ... Rams released DE Michael Sam . Prime practice squad candidate . QB concerns in Indy lead to this a rare Colts Patriots trade  . We've seen one rookie land biggest guarantee in NFL history ,  another become highest paid safety in history ,  and the DTs at 2 and 3 are next . Saints WR Marques Colston purchased a piece of the Arena League's Philadelphia Soul and is now part owner of team ,  Ron Jaworski confirmed . Chad Ochocinco left Patriots complex before today's OTA ... to attend an eye doctor appointment . Contrary to speculation ,  he was not released . Chiefs without CB Marcus Peters while Raiders figure to be without WR Amari Cooper . Eagles will surrender 2016 2nd round pick to Rams in QB trade no matter what . But will get back a conditional ...  At . No . 134 ,  Eagles draft Clemson DE Ricky Sapp . #nfldraft . RT @adamteicher Dwayne Bowe  groin  did not practice today ,  raising questions about his availability for sunday's game vs . Browns . Football goes accounting in 2010 11 number games begin . RT @espnnfl Packers' operating profit drops to 9.8 million  . Chiefs are in pursuit of Dolphins free agent CB Sean Smith ,  and clearly Kansas City is a viable option for him . Browns signed linebacker Barkevious Mingo to a four year contract ,  with a fifth year club option . Correction ,  can't read without my glasses at No . 169 ,  the CHARGERS drafted Tennessee QB Jonathan Crompton . #nfldraft . No more kickoffs in Pro Bowl . Rosters will consist of 43 players per squad . Game will be played Jan 26 in Honolulu . NFL fined Detroit's first round pick Ndamukong Suh 7,500 for slamming down Browns quarterback Jake Delhomme last week . Teams told Cardinals UFA RB Rashard Mendenhall is ,  in fact ,  retiring ,  per sources . Mendenhall hinted at in a Feb . 25 Huffington Post column . Said one source familiar with Moss to Minnesota trade talks I'd be shocked if it doesn't happen. Expect it to happen Wednesday . Eagles have traded LS Jon Dorenbos to Saints in exchange for a 7th round pick in 2019.Colts RB Vick Ballard is out for season after injuring knee during practice Thursday  @MikeWellsNFL contributed to report .Saints created 2.6M in cap space by turning 5.2M of remaining base salary Drew Brees is owed this year into signing bonus ,  per @FieldYates . 49ers CB Chris Culliver injured his knee at practice today and is undergoing an MRI on it at Stanford ,  Jim Harbaugh said . Arizona's Carson Palmer ,  recovering from torn ACL ,  has been cleared to take part in 11 on 11 drills at Cardinals' minicamp that opens today . Here are details to deal Peter King reported on Tom Brady's four year contract is worth 72 million ,  including 48.5 million guaranteed . The Insiders discuss Thursday Pats Texans matchup ,  injuries around NFL ,  how events in Charlotte impact the Panthers . Part 1 Joe Vitt called Roger Goodell this morning to tell him he never offered any bounty money and the allegations against him are false . SD releasing LB Takeo Spikes today . Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger is lobbying HC Mike Tomlin for PITT to match one year ,  2.5 mil offer sheet that NE gave WR Emmanuel Sanders . RT @ProfessorJoe  Any word on Cedric Benson  ?  &lt  Listed as doubtful and it would be a surprise to see him play today . Jimmy V once said ,  Don't ever give up. This #GivingTuesday ,  help @TheVFoundation  . Charges against AH first degree murder ,  carrying a firearm without a license ,  two counts of carrying a large ...  Worth noting Seattle's QB coach Carl Smith was David Garrard's coach in Jacksonville in 2005 2006. Just saying ... Redskins TE Chris Cooley will see a specialist regarding the concussion he suffered Sunday night and will be evaluated the next few days . Ravens WR Jeremy Maclin is out rest of game with knee injury . RT @DCFanaticRadio Actually Brian Griese did sign somewhere ... ESPN  !  He announced the Cincy Rutgers game . JJ Watt to appear in this week's episode of South Park  . Chargers announced they signed former Ravens outside linebacker Jarret Johnson to four year contract . Broncos officially agreed to terms with DT Terrance Knighton ,  who was expected to rejoin Jack Del Rio in Denver . Bears WR Brandon Marshall will be a guest analyst in studio on Sunday NFL Countdown at 10 am on ESPN . DeSean Jackson's yardage total of 210 is 3rd most in team history behind T McDonald 237 on 121061 and K Curtis 221 in 92307.Former Steelers and Bengals LB James Harrison announced he's retiring on his Facebook account . Patriots announced they officially have signed former USC and CFL standout DL Armond Armstead . An excellent profile on Michigan man and ESPN analyst Charles Woodson from @JennyVrentas ...  Texans giving more reps to LB Brian Cushing ,  back from his ACL . Yeah ,  hes basically a full time participant now ,  Gary Kubiak said . Washington ruled out TEs Jordan Reed and Niles Paul for Sunday at Seattle . OT Trent Williams doubtful ,  RB Rob Kelley and Jamison Crowder Q . And the regular season Thursday night opener   if the season starts on time   will be in Green Bay . Teams open to trading up if right player is there include Jacksonville ,  Buffalo ,  Philadelphia ,  San Diego ,  New England ,  Green Bay . RT @spiderman2k4 to be fair ,  no one thought the steelers would win twice this decade . At least they say chance of rain . Now Eddie Royal walks off with shoulder injury   a real ouch for Denver . Eagles add depth to O line ,  claiming G Kyle DeVan off waivers from the Colts . DT Cedric Thornton was released . Eagles inactives include Jason Peters ,  Trent Cole and Mike Kafka ,  which means Vince Young is No . 2 QB . Redskins QB Rex Grossman told CSNWashington.com ,  When it's all said and done ,  I really feel like this team's gonna win the NFC East.Washington used 84th pick on Virginia Tech DB Kendall Fuller ,  making him fourth Fuller brother to be drafted into NFL . Chiefs claimed former Packers LB Sam Barrington on waivers ,  per source . Giants waived running back DaRel Scott ,  their second leading rusher this season . Joe Theismann said on ESPN's Monday Night Countdown that he thinks Tony Romo should retire . When I saw him play ...  These HOF presenter videos running on ESPN before the inductee speeches ,  narrated by the great Steve Sabol ,  are stupendous . Redskins announced former OT Joe Jacoby will serve as their honorary captain for Sunday's game vs . Green Bay Packers . Marshawn Lynch is expected to play ,  though Seattle will be mindful of the workload it gives him with his back spasms . Jim Irsay has been suspended for first six games and fined 500,000 for violating the leagues Personal Conduct Policy . Eli Manning played with fully torn plantar fascia in 2009 Peyton Manning's is partial tear ,  which is more painful to play through . RT @ridethebench That John Randle bust needs some face paint .  ...  If ever a bust should sport the black ,  it would be Randle's . Cardinals CB Mike Jenkins has torn ACL ,  will be placed on IR . Danario Alexander is expected to start at wide receiver for Robert Meachem ,  who is inactive tonight . Cowboys LB Sean Lee has a sprained ligament in his neck and is considered week to week . He has not been cleared to play yet . Chargers RB Melvin Gordon  hip  is not expected to play Sunday vs . Raiders ,  per source . Remains a chance Gordon will play again this season . Last time Ed Reed actually played in a game he won was Baltimores Super Bowl win over SF last February . Since then ,  Reed's 0 for 2013.So this is what it's like to have a life on a Sunday . Revelation . RT @chargers Blackout lifted for #Broncos at #Chargers game on #MNF . Thank you FANS  !  Sam Bradford #1. 50 million guaranteed   and a lot of pressure   awaits . #nfldraft . Friday 10 Spot The chances of a Peyton Manning Eli Manning Super Bowl ...  Patriots announced that TE Visanthe Shiancoe has been activated to the 53 man roster from the injured reserve list . Today is the first day Jimmy Clausen and Golden Tate could announce their plans for next season . My sense is both are leaving South Bend . As if tomorrow's trip to Washington weren't enough ,  Redskins also will privately work out Jimmy Clausen in South Bend on April 15.Panthers extended HC Ron Rivera's contract by one year ,  per @josephperson ...  Colts announced they released offensive tackle Gosder Cherilus . Texans HC Gary Kubiak is expected to coach Sunday vs . Raiders ,  per league source . He's building up his hours this week . RT @AKDW90 Any chance Peterson wins DROTY  ?   ...  Should be STROTY  Special Teams Rookie od the Year . Von Miller is rather formidable . With Lawrence Timmons and LaMarr Woodley doing new deals this summer ,  Steelers have given 111.5 million of contracts to their two LBs . Elvis Dumervil's former agent also has right to waive five day waiting period for his former client to hire new agent . Cowboys do think CB Orlando Scandrick did tear his ACL ,  but will be doing an MRI to confirm . DVRd this week's T.O . Show @ midday today . Just watched it ,  and as wife says ,  her problem with the show is ,  It's not long enough . At QB ,  Buffalo has Ryan Fitzpatrick ,  Tarvaris Jackson and Brad Smith . The numbers do not bode well for Vince Young . Sammy Watkins and Robert Woods teammates again ,  this time in LA with Rams . Trent Dilfer and Lenny Kravitz are wearing the same jacket . Vikings officials say RB Adrian Peterson does not have a torn LCL other sources say he does . Two other injured RBs from todayJonathan StewartThomas RawlsPlusAdrian PetersonDanny WoodheadDoug MartinAmeer AbdullahArian Foster . Wade Phillips has agreed to terms to become Rams defensive coordinator ,  per source . Let's just say that sometimes there are things you hear and know ,  and the things I'm hearing and knowing look very good for Ben . Happy 93rd birthday to Nelson Mandela ,  a model of strength and resilience . Jim Harbaugh's newest podcast Attack Each Day ,  reliving last weekend . RT @AshokaESPN In honor of @OJBrigance's birthday today ,  here's one of the best features ESPN has ever done . A postcard from Dolphins camp and what WR Brandon Marshall and QB Chad Henne signed on the ESPN bus . NFL's side ,  its statement and Troy Vincent's letter to Patriots and Tom BradyThe New England Patriots were ...  Let's give those new OT rules a little test drive here ... Seem to be sticking with Collins for now . RT @ProScoutLook Any idea when Vince Young could be the starter ? Or is Fish pretty set on Collins  ?  Statement from Browns owners Dee and Jimmy HaslamWe view our organization ,  our league and our players as ...  The lowdown in Cleveland . Only one player   Panthers DE Jared Allen   ruled out in advance of Sundays games . Final four teams largely healthy . RT @Spartans4lyfe wow MSU free agents  !   ...  Yup . Only former Michigan State player Pittsburgh didn't sign today was Derrick Mason . Top five picks in April draft belong to 1. St . Louis 2. Detroit 3. Tampa Bay and KC and Wash will go 4 and 5 based on coin flip . Decision in  . Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski will appeal his one game suspension ,  per source . For Sunday night game ,  Broncos WR Emmanuel Sanders and Patriots WR Keshawn Martin both are expected to be active ,  per sources . Reggie Jackson on his romantic relationship with Jeanie Buss ,  his thoughts on Colin Kaepernick and Jerry Richardson  . Bengals were only AFC North winner today now up 1.5 games in division and coming home . According to ESPN stats maven  Russell Baxter   though anyone could have done math   Drew Brees on pace to throw for 80 TDs this season . Time flies . RT @ptishow It's the 20th anniversary of the passing of Hank Gathers . 3030 is doing a doc  . Russell Wilson had a Total QBR of 45.3 with Percy Harvin on the field this season ,  and a QBR of 71.0 with him off the field . RT @wendalrw For someone growing up w Elway ,  this version of Broncos is nuts  !  But LOVE IT  !  .. Setting back football 100 yrs . But #winning . We forget the human element . RT @kcs316 Brett Ratliff was buying a phone in my store when he got waived ,  over the phone . It was brutal . Texans announced QB Tom Savage is out for BAL game with a knee injury . Texans will start Thad Lewis or Case Keenum . Colts and WR TY Hilton made progress last night ,  per source ,  but have not agreed on deal yet. Negotiations resume this morning ,  per source . Giants expected to interview Ravens Sr . defensive assistant and former Giants DC Steve Spagnuolo for DC job this ...  To better gauge how long Texans WR Andre Johnson will miss ,  it sure would help if he tweeted an MRI of his hamstring . This is not good . RT @CinBengalsNFL Marvin Lewis believes Antwan Odom achiles injury is serious . Raiders RB Darren McFadden inactive . Jets announced they signed K Dan Carpenter ,  whom they went after last week ,  and cut K Billy Cundiff . Guess sarcasm doesn't come across on Twitter . Cmon man . Love the NBA . Watching the draft . But know no more than you . Kickers set NFL record in missed extra points for one week today . Regarding Cedric Benson ,  Bengals will test him in pregame warmups but Marvin Lewis has edged toward being cautious ,  for what that's worth . Jets will make former defensive lineman Dennis Byrd their honorary captain for Sunday's AFC Championship game . Tests on Steelers RB Isaac Redman revealed a hip injury that will not require surgery but will prevent him from playin  . NFL showed slides from Saints computers on 1711 , saying Now's the time to do our jobs ,  collect bounty . No apologies . Let's go hunting.As @mortreport reports ,  Julio Jones is active . And climbing . RT @lindacohn Mel Kiper says Nick Fairley of Auburn will be Number one overall on his new NFL draft board on Espn.com . RT @michaelsctt I would suggest checking out Serena Williams vs Justine Henin on ESPN  !  Its a GREAT one  !  .. Wish I could . On way to Miami . 49ers scheduled to meet Monday with disgruntled RB Frank Gore and his agent Drew Rosenhaus to see if two sides can make any headway . Classic . RT @AaronRodgers12 Looking forward to getting my PAC 10 championship ring from the '04 season . Thanks @claymatthews52 . #KnowThemFromAdam @Steelers Alejandro Villanueva talks Army memories ,  blocking for Le'Veon ,  NFL Future. ...  Full schedule of this and next weekend's NFL playoff games  . Ubertwitter has been awful today . Spotty reception ,  at best . Need it to get fixed so we can tweet from Hall of Fame all weekend . Great point from @marcelluswiley Dez Bryant not allowed to finish season for dining with Deion Sanders . But Joe Paterno goes on coaching . If Richard Seymour kept me up much of the night ,  I can only imagine what he has done to the Raiders . 49ers activated Aldon Smith off non football illness list . RT @NFLfootballinfo 32 compensatory draft picks awarded to 16 clubs . Atlanta & Baltimore awarded most with 4 each . RT @RealAndrewMeyer  Any word on the status of Warner  ?  &lt  Barring any setbacks ,  he's expected to play  said same last week ,  though .Cardinals are expected to release OT Levi Brown ,  whom Arizona selected with the fifth pick in the 2007 draft ahead of RB Adrian Peterson . After an hour of whining ,  crying and finally slurping ,  baby took her bottle and went back to bed . Now ,  me too . Good morning or good night  ?  One week after having to have his right index finger popped back into place ,  Carson Palmer expected to play vs GB ,  per source . Rex Ryan said Bills probably will start QB Matt Cassel in first preseason game against Carolina ,  and we will just go from there.Andrew Luck officially out again Sunday vs Browns . At No . 206 ,  San Francisco drafted Arizona St . WR Kyle Williams ,  son of the White Sox GM Kenny Williams  #nfldraft . With Dolphins C Mike Pouncey out at least three months after hip surgery ,  Miami's O line will have five brand new opening day starters . Skyler Mornhinweg ,  Marty's son ,  is the youngest football player ever to commit to Stanford . The kid is more than all right . If ESPN wants to bring me this same contract ,  I VOW to buck the trend and make good on the deal . ESPN'S NFL MVP Poll Brady ,  Stafford parked behind Carr . NFL officially has announced the nine game suspension for SF's Aldon Smith . Two words on why Leonard Fournette absolutely is doing the right thing by skipping the bowl.Jaylon . Smith . He might not be Cam Newton ,  but this isn't bad In two games ,  Tom Brady has thrown for 940 yards . Bears deactivated LB Lance Briggs . Bucs WR Mike Williams is inactive . And @mortreport reports it's a virtual certainty that Tim Tebow will play in 2013 for the Jacksonville Jaguars . After 6 games ,  Kyle Orton has been as good ,  and probably better ,  than Jay Cutler . So if Cutler gets 2 years ,  30 mil ,  what does Orton get  ?  And now a group that includes Derek Jeter has won the bid to buy the Miami Marlins ...  Who's this punter for Green Bay  ?  Never heard of him . Chargers announced they signed Philip Rivers to a four year contract extension through 2019.Patriots DELB Harvey Langi and his wife involved in car accident and there are serious injuries ,  but not life threatening ,  per @MikeReiss . Minnesota's decision on Adrian Peterson now will not wait until his reinstatement April 15. Clock starts running now . RT @espn NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell says labor talks must 'accelerate'    . The NFL game of the week ,  the upset of the week ,  and the player of the week ,  all right here   . Patriots signed WR Tiquan Underwood and DB Ross Ventrone to future contracts today . In the final anticipated step ,  Redskins doctors cleared QB Robert Griffin III to start Sundays game vs . Eagles ,  via league sources . How cool is this Ravens HC John Harbaugh is sharing his camp dorm room with his dad ,  Jack . Titans S Bernard Pollard tweeted that the NFL fined him 42,000 for his hit on Texans WR Andre Johnson . Redskins terminated the contracts of vested vets DE Adam Carriker ,  TE Richard Quinn ,  P Sav Rocca . Most interesting potential salary cap casualty in coming days Cowboys WR Miles Austin . Dallas needs cap space and Austin would provide it . Mort & Schefter's Week 15 notebook Le'Veon Bell's future ...  Seahawks CBs Richard Sherman and Brandon Browner will play Sunday vs . Chicago while they wait to find out when their appeals will be heard . Former Washington GM Scot McCloughan discusses how he's now spending time and his thoughts on touted 2018 QB class . Miami Dolphins have signed veteran guard Eric Steinbach and waived offensive lineman Derek Dennis . twitterverse . Bucs DC Mike Smith also withdrew name today from Chargers' HC search . Seattle may lose 2nd round pick in 2017 draft as a result of season long failure to disclose knee injury to Richard Sherman ,  per @mortreport . Honestly was planning to pick Orton in my fantasy draft . And after seeing this ,  I don't know if I'll be able to bring myself to do it . By being tendered with a first  and third round pick ,  Darren Sproles will go from making 6.6 million last year to 7.3 million this year . RT @SportsTaxMan During Seahawks reg season career Percy Harvin had 23 catches ,  made 18.3M  @spotrac    that's 795,652 per reception . So Lions haul today now includes Reggie Bush ,  Jason Jones ,  Chris Houston . Atlanta is giving former Redskins WR Leonard Hankerson a one year ,  1 million deal . Reunited with OC Kyle Shanahan . Watching the 60 Minutes tribute to Mike Wallace on DVR . What a reporter ,  what a style ,  what a life . Wow . One week ... Jacksonville Jaguars have scheduled an HC interview for Friday with Falcons OC Kyle Shanahan ,  per source . Browns WR Kenny Britt talks on Cleveland rookie QB DeShone Kizer He's going to be one of the great ones.cc @OldTakesExposed . Brian Hoyer has been named the Cleveland Browns starting quarterback . me . Rich get richer Former Packers DT Cullen Jenkins reached agreement with the Eagles on a five year ,  25 million deal . So exactly when did Charlie Sheen become more important than what's going on in the rest of the world  ?  Patriots signed former Cowboys WR Jesse Holley today . So basically traded @Ochocinco's roster spot to Holley . Last year an average of 111 million people ,  the largest U.S . TV audience ever ,  watched the Super Bowl . Think more will watch tonight's game  ?  RT @Bubraves41 Chances the chiefs lose again this year and chargers make the playoffs as division winner  ...  KC couldn't be set up better . Eagles plan to franchise Michael Vick ,  allowing them to listen to offers for Kevin Kolb  . RT @snco If you missed 30 for 30 Jordan Rides the Bus ... catch it on Thurs @ 1am on ESPN2. 30for30.espn.comschedule.html  #companytweet . A Colorado doctor has been offering a free vasectomy in exchange for Broncos tickets to today's game ...  Filed to ESPN Free agent WR Antonio Bryant is headed to Cincinnati for a visit tonight and tomorrow . He could be the Bengals WR . Another Longest Yard royalty check comes rolling in 12.03. #iminthemoney . Chargers agreed to terms with quarterback Charlie Whitehurst on a two year contract Friday . Rams lost QB Sam Bradford but today they get back LB @JLaurinaitis55 ,  who has been sidelined in preseason due to ankle injury ,  per source . RB Maurice Jones Drew scheduled to fly to Oakland tonight to visit Raiders Fri . One source said there's a good chance Oakland signs MJD . World champion Steelers on field . Gorgeous day . No Dan Rooney ,  which is odd . He now lives in Ireland . Johnathan Hankins' new 3 year deal with the Colts includes 14.5 million guaranteed ,  per slice . Jets expect four compensatory picks in 2014 to go along with the extra pick from Tampa ,  giving NYJ an expected five extra picks next year . Minnesota Gov . Mark Dayton Vikings RB Adrian Peterson should not play . Dolphins also releasing G Dallas Thomas and practice squad G Jamil Douglas to go along with OL Billy Turner ,  per source . Three OL out today . Vikings HC Leslie Frazier said he is unsure whether WR Percy Harvin will be able to play again this season . Thinking of everyone in Oklahoma City and praying for the best . 30 minutes till showtime . RT @wingoz 700 on ESPN .. mort ,  schefter ,  john clayton ,  michael smith and myself .. full hour of football talk , etc . Word around the league is that Bill Cowher is poised to return to the sidelines in 2010. Potential landing spots Tampa Bay and Carolina . Darren McFadden now on the mend in Dallas . Steelers signed former Titans RB David Cobb to their practice squad . Former Chiefs DL Jaye Howard passed physical in Chicago ,  received offer but left without deal ,  per source . Plans other visits ,  Chi an option . LT now on his way to the Jets . He will be arriving in NY   or is it NJ  ?    tonight . WR Percy Harvin is active . Washington tried weaking division opponent New York early Wednesday ,  reaching agreement with DT Barry Cofield on a six year deal . Saturday's best at NFL training camps OBJ puts on a show.Before Broncos and Mike Nolan parted ways ,  Miami sent in request for permission to interview him for defensive coordinator job . RT @ScottRemington Your tweet makes it look as if CW was arrested today .  ...  Unintentional . Happened last year . In court this week . My bad . Last time the Giants played a prime time game in Denver   91001   the world changed the next morning forever . NFL declined DeAngelo Williams' request to wear pink beyond October ,  but his daughters having none of it . And Cris Collinsworth is dead on Minnesota's win clinched the MVP for Tom Brady . Eagles CB Asante Samuel back at work . Reported this am . RT @JasonNaz @AdamSchefter Adam ,  all the other news sites are listing Calvin as ACTIVE ...  ?  &lt   Calvin Johnson is INACTIVE . Falcons WR Harry Douglas changed agents ,  hiring Atlanta based Todd France . RT MarkDavid we should NOT put Brett Favre and Derrick Mason in the same room and see what happens ,  he may get some ideas . Ravens HC John Harbaugh said rookie WR Breshad Perriman's knee injury is slower healing than team expected and no timetable on his return . Bears asked for and received permission to interview Bucs OC Mike Sullivan for their HC job this week . Busy in Washington Redskins signed former Steelers S Tyrone Carter and FB Carey Davis ,  and released LB Chris Draft . Projecting future Hall of Famers for all 32 NFL teams  . Moving from one opportunity to the next Giants RB David Wilson ,  now on IR ,  will be a guest analyst on Thursday's ESPN NFL Live at 4 ET . Interesting point to note Seahawks chairman Paul Allen and CEO Tod Leiweke fired Jim Mora in Los Angeles ,  where Pete Carroll lives . For those hoping QB Tim Tebow will start at Oakland ,  Broncos interim HC Eric Studesville said  QB  Kyle  Orton  is going to start Sunday.At one point this off season ,  now former Bills' RB Karlos Williams' weight went as high as 261 pounds . Bills had listed him at 229 pounds . Seahawks have signed tight end Chris Baker to a two year deal and wide receiver Ruvell Martin to a one year deal . And so Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski is a go . For the second straight day ,  Rams reported full practices for RBs Todd Gurley and Tre Mason . CJ Spiller will go to Bills . #nfldraft . Sportscenter special on ESPN right now with Jon Gruden meeting with the top QB prospects   trust me ,  put it on . Browns kept an opening for a young QB . Won't surprise me to see them make a bold move tonight later into the first round . Forty years ago today ,  Roberto Clemente and four others died in a plane crash en route to helping earthquake victims in Nicaragua . RIP ... RT @PietzschT Any truth to JaMarcus Russell being in Oakland much more fit than ever before  ?   ...  Confirmed . And changed throwing mechanics . Mark Sanchez hurt ,  Bills QBs hurt . Anyone figured out the Patriots' magic number  ?  Marvin Lewis doesnt often call out players ...  NFL looking into situation of Giants OT Ereck Flowers pushing a reporter after Sunday's game ,  per a league ...  Look who shows up in the new Call of Duty trailer  ?  None other than Beast Mode himself.Jets DT Sheldon Richardson now has as many rushing TDs as Arian Foster and Doug Martin combined . Five logical landing spots for WR @ochocinco Miami ,  Buffalo ,  Baltimore ,  Houston ,  Dallas . But nothing imminent . Could be a while . Le'Veon Bell still has not signed his franchise tender ,  so he's not obligated to be at camp . May not see him until mid to late August . Colts DB Jerraud Powers  foot  has been downgraded from questionable to doubtful on the injury report for Sunday's game . Filed to ESPN Sources saying Snooki arrested  !  She keeps this up ,  and @OGOchocinco and @terrellowens will own the reality TV market . AZ not sure about Carson Palmer  shoulder  ,  who has not thrown a pass since Mon . One source said 50 50 at best that Palmer plays vs NYG . Former Bucs HC Greg Schiano expected to accept Assoc HCDC at Ohio State ,  per source will replace former OSU DC Chris Ash ,  new Rutgers HC . Bears OT Gabe Carimi was placed on injured reserve today and OT Levi Horn was signed from practice squad to active roster . Seahawks agreed to terms with first round draft choice  25th overall  tackle James Carpenter . And now ,  St . Louis ,  back to the Rams . #congratulations . Redskins GM Bruce Allen quoted in team's news release as saying ,  The status quo is unacceptable.Taking @OGOchoCinco 's advice . Heading to the Cracker Barrel in Georgetown ,  Ky . Let's see how his taste is . RT @MikeReiss News story on OL Nick Kaczur and his back injury ,  as well as the team's other personnel at guard . 49ers announced they have signed DT Justin Smith to a two year contract extension through the 2015 season . RT @espnnfcsouth Harris says he's leaving Panthers    . This could be the one tiny silver lining Pittsburgh . RT @blkngldbabe @AdamSchefter Steelers lost to help not have Suh in the division . RT @ShowTimeP85 Asking you guys for your prayers for my family ,  friends ,  and people of Haiti . A major earthquake has hit capital of Haiti . Falcons signed RB Stevan Ridley and cut LB AJ Hawk . Ravens RB Justin Forsett left field and game in arm cast   which typically means a fracture . RT @JosinaAnderson Agent Carl Poston told me Chris Gamble informed him last night that he wants to retire . Before tonight's game ,  Saints waived LB James Laurinaitis from injured reserve ,  per source ,  freeing him to eventually sign with another team . RT @IcemanCal Whats the chance if released peyton and reggie wayne meet up at 49ers  ?   ...  About as much as Robert Mathis also joining them . Looks like the Bengals are making a kicking move for Sunday's game at Jacksonville . Cincinnati signed kicker Marshall Koehn today . Teams notified that any contract with Ray Rice will not be approved or take effect until further direction is provided from Roger Goodell . As NBC in Portland ,  Ore . reported ,  Chip Kelly and Bucs are involved in active contract discussions . Kelly interviewed with Bucs last week . Wham . RT @JosinaAnderson CB Antoine Winfield just told me he's agreed in principal to a 1 year deal with the Seattle #Seahawks . Dolphins now have hired Adam Gase ,  per source . Done deal . Warning RT @MJP0ke ubertwitter will now increase your tweets by at least 20% I guarantee this . Twitterverse be ready  !  NFLPA Exec DeMaurice Smith made it sound like one reason no 1st round picks have signed is collusion   his word . On day of brutal injuries ,  JJ Watt and Whitney Mercilus now have been ruled out for rest of game . And it looks a lot longer . Packers WR Donald Driver announced his retirement . Giants RB Ahmad Bradshaw will start versus Redskins ,  via @JosinaAnderson . Seahawks placing RB C.J . Prosise on injured reserve ,  per source . Ankle injuries hampered him all season . Packers reached agreement with TE Jermichael Finley on a 2 year ,  15 million deal . Texans are giving Lamar Miller a 4 year ,  26 million deal that includes 14 million fully guaranteed ,  per source . Had more elsewhere . RT @BigIrv716    @AdamSchefter Is Portis out today again  ?  &lt  Sure is . Rock Cartwright starts at RB for the Redskins . RG3 ran the 40 in an unofficial smokin' 4.38 seconds . Fun talking some NFL with Mr . @sidrosenberg . By Saturday ,  32 NFL teams will release roughly 37 players per team   1,184 lost jobs . Up to 320 back to practice squad . But no more for 864.QBs T.J . Yates and Matt McGloin now have jobs Colin Kaepernick and Jay Cutler do not . League is looking into Rex Ryan flip them the bird incident to determine if and how much of a fine there should be . Plenty of teams want to move back here's one trying to move up . Broncos exploring options of moving up in draft ,  per sources . Cowboys owner Jerry Jones challenges NFL to fine Ezekiel Elliott for jumping into Salvation Army kettle ...  Friday 10 Spot The Passing Age ,  Roddy White for MVP ?  ,  Troy Smith's impact ,  Dez Bryant vs . Mike Williams   . Green Bay Packers have signed DE Phillip Merling and released TE Cameron Ford and QB Nick Hill . Turns out GB surrendered a conditional 7th round draft pick in 2018 to KC in exchange for RB Knile Davis ,  per ...  Update Chargers GM Tom Telesco ,  not owner Dean Spanos ,  spent an hour on phone Monday night with Joey Bosa . Obviously liked what he heard . Filed to ESPN Cowboys signed Wade Phillips to three year contract extension through 2012. Picked up option year and tacked on two more . Former first round pick Anthony Davis ,  who spent last year out football ,  is reporting to 49ers' training camp today . Knicks F Amare Stoudemire is donating the money for 1,000 big heads of Kevin Ware for Louisville vs . Wichita State . So how is @tunasweasel celebrating Bruce Springsteen's 61st birthday today  ?  One year ago today ,  we lost the inimitable Stuart Scott.A slice of his legacy lives on through these words ...  He can afford it if he wants it ...  RT @PSchrags Next order of business  ?  Revis's jersey number . Mark Barron wears 24.If the Giants beat the Eagles tonight ,  there then will be a three way tie for first place in the NFC East . RT @RClay23 Redskins will not compete for a playoff spot . Don't become a prisoner of the moment . 6 win team .  ...  You're # is too low ,  sir . RT @internetservice Where's he headed if you were a betting man  ?   ...  Could be wrong ,  but I've never sensed he was staying in Cleveland . Sunday underway . More on ESPN RT @espn Sources Percy Harvin ,  Brad Childress had to be separated during confrontation    . One of the first big cuts ,  but not a big surprise . RT @calvinwatkins Andre Gurode has been released . Titans G Chance Warmack is having finger surgery and headed to IR . The new NFL world Indianapolis ,  San Diego ,  New Orleans and any team in the Final 8 cannot sign free agents unless they lose one . Browns offensive lineman Joe Thomas has been named a starter on the 2011 AFC Pro Bowl squad . Former Penn St . coach Joe Paterno has experienced health complications and is now in serious condition ,  according to family spokesman . It is so relaxing to have no Thursday night fantasy worries ,  @jimcramer . NFL officially announced referee Jerome Boger will lead the seven man crew of game officials selected to work Super Bowl XLVII . Oops ,  left out name there   Ravens hired Al Saunders as off consultant . Former Jets' RB Chris Ivory is expected to sign with the Jacksonville Jaguars when new league year begins ,  per league source . Browns have requested permission to interview SF's Tom Gamble and Kansas City's Ray Farmer for their GM job . Dark day in Denver Broncos became third team since 1970 merger to start 6 0 and fail to make the playoffs . HOF Pres David Baker said tonight's cancelled game will cost not for profit HOF about 4 million but called it an easy ,  ethical decision.If the NFL playoffs started now ,  as @MaseDenver pointed out ,  the Miami Dolphins would be in and the Denver Broncos would be out . Updated Steelers executive Omar Khan interviewed in NY for Jets GM job Tuesday. ,  not today . Lions worked out nine DBs ,  including Morgan Trent ,  Syd'Quan Thompson ,  Tyrell Johnson . RT @VMpalmer22 Penn State students are dancing 46 hrs for a cure for pediatric cancer ... retweet  ?  For The Kids  !  #THON  . Returned home from Arizona to this sign hanging on 6 year old daughter's bedroom door ...  First game for Denvers new offensive coordinator Bill Musgrave will be Sunday at Oakland ,  against the team that le  . A well deserved honor much respect . More great writing . RT @MikeVacc Column Santana makes history ,  and a grateful army of Mets fans joins him in spirit .  Watching game with Bill Polian . He declares Pittsburgh's weakness to be right tackle . Very next play ,  right tackle beat for sack . RT @Edubs2003 hey adam ,  what's the word on Rodgers  ?   ...  No practice today or tomorrow . Sounds bleak for Sunday night . Colts agreed to terms with running back Tashard Choice and placed running back Chris Rainey on Injured Reserve . RT @KCJoynerTFS A great way to show support   Peyton calls Colorado shooting victims in hospital  . Dolphins believe OT Jake Long sprained his medial collateral ligament during Monday practice . He's getting an MRI to determine exact damage . September's here . Preseason wraps up Friday night ,  rosters go from 80 to 53 by Saturday ,  regular season kicks off 1 week from tonight . Nice . Should Aaron Hernandez be unable to start season ,  Patriots could open 2013 with their 5 leading receivers from 2012 not in lineup . This is what Josh Gordon's business manager Michael Johnson said about client and decision to apply for ...  Eagles list WR Riley Cooper  knee  and CB Asante Samuel  knee  as questionable for Thursday night's game vs . Houston . Ravens RB Ray Rice was indicted today on one count of aggravated assault . Carries a 3 5 year prison term . Breaking Dan Marino's passing record is 1 thing . But Drew Brees also has thrown TD pass in 41 straight games ,  6 shy of Johnny Unitas' record . In my labor Blame Game poll so far ,  34 percent blame De Smith and 33 percent blame NFL owners . Please vote .  On the day of the ESPYs ,  worth rewatching the great Craig Sager accept the Jimmy V Award ...  Lions activated RB Joique Bell off of ActivePhysically Unable to Perform List and DT Haloti Ngata off of ActiveNon Football Injury List . Giants also releasing RB Rashad Jennings in addition to Victor Cruz ,  per @JordanRaanan . Chiefs think Spencer Ware suffered PCL injury ,  but he will undergo an MRI on Saturday to determine extent of injury . ACL thought to be fine . While talks between Chris Johnson and Titans are at standstill ,  negotiations between Frank Gore and 49ers are going slowly . Gore frustrated . RT @OneRamsWay Cassel no guarantee to start here . Gametime decision will be made right at game time . He and Croyle alternating in warmups . Green Bay Packers have released S Nick Collins . The transaction was announced Wednesday by Ted Thompson . RT @patriotscpfc  . Mets Johan Santana has probable re tear in shoulder  ?  Likely out for season  ?  Wow.Texans running back Arian Foster is expected to play today ,  though Houston wants to test him in pregame warmups first . Bay Area briefs Raiders sticking with Jason Campbell as starting QB ,  Niners sticking with Troy Smith as starting QB . Info on how ,  why and where you can make a contribution for the ESPN producer Leah Siegel . RT @AlexPicchietti Any news on McDaniels ,  Singletary joining Vikings staff  ?   ...  McDaniels is down the line if at all ,  Singletary likely . About to check into motel . If there's a jacuzzi next to my bed again ,  I'll puke . Enough of honeymoon suites . In his first seven NFL games ,  Peyton Manning threw nine touchdown passes.In his first seven NFL games ,  Deshaun Watson has thrown 19.Jets announced they released CB Ras I Dowling and WR Jacoby Ford . Eagles WR DeSean Jackson has been placed on IR with fractured ribs . Or this . RT @worm1979 RT @AdamSchefter This link to great Crabtree story should work . Really . Randy Moss and Vikings haven't discussed new deal at all . Moss will head to Minnesota like Richard Seymour headed to Oakland   without deal . On Super Bowl morning in Houston ,  Chinese food at an Exxon station . As @wingoz said ,  No thank you . Ravens and former Cardinals S Tony Jefferson reached agreement on a four year ,  36 million deal ,  per sources . Jefferson teams with Weddle . Steve Young asked former SI writer Jeff Benedict to write his life story for his family . Took 2 years . An excerpt . Panthers announce Cam Newton will undergo surgery on March 30 for a partially torn rotator cuff . Colin Kaepernick is in attendance at first day of 49ers' off season workout program . Not just espn RT @darrenrovell1 It's 1 thing 2 ban players from tweeting . Now 12 NFL teams r banning media from it   . Texans QB Matt Leinart ,  whose left arm was in a sling with a collarbone injury ,  said there's a pretty good possibility his season is over . Cowboys placed running back DeMarco Murray on IR and signed former Patriots RB Sammy Morris . Chris Borland was scheduled to make 530K this year ,  plus 10K workout bonus . Not many jobs pay 24 year olds 540K for 6 months of work . Scottsdale City Court records show Michael Floyd has an Order to Show Cause hearing set for 130 p.m . June 26 that  . 49ers will interview Packers Director of college scouting Brian Gutekunst ,  per source . Also Packers exec Eliot Wolf ,  as @TomPelissero said . Washington reached agreement with offensive tackle Jammal Brown on a five year deal . Elvis Dumervil got 1 mil base salary this season ,  plus 7.5 million signing bonus . He makes 8.5 mil this year ,  with cap number at 2.5 m . Bills now on buses on way to airport to fly to Detroit ,  per source . Surprisingly ,  they were able to round up all coaches and all 53 players . Look at the new fourth parargraph . Just proves deal not done yet and there's more work to do . Filed to ESPN Tom Brady suspended four games ,  Pats lose 1st round pick in 2016 and a 4th in 2017 ,  and team fined 1 million ,  per source . For now ,  forget about Seattle and Tampa being involved . Dallas is undisputed favorite to land free agent DE Greg Hardy . Jags placed QB David Garrard on IR and and signed linebacker Alvin Bowen to the active roster from their practice squad . The Bills just released Drayton Florence ,  per league source . Ravens and Joe Flaccos agent ,  Joe Linta ,  will meet this week in Indianapolis in their first face to face negotiating session since August . Tony Romo now will be in line to work with Jim Nantz as the color commentator for Super Bowl LIII in Atlanta ,  Georgia . Vice President Mike Pence said he left todays 49ers Colts game over the protesting that took place during national anthem . And an unheralded but important move for Oakland Raiders agreed to terms with long snapper Jon Condo . Kyle Shanahan briefly loses playbook when reporter accidentally takes OC's backpack ...  They meet again Bill Belichick vs his GM disciples ,  Atlanta's Thomas Dimitroff and Scott Pioli . Former Michigan AD Dave Brandon was hired as CEO of Toys 'R' Us . Randy Moss' moves have been a boon for the wide receiver and Reebok ,  but a bust for local retailers . Big news out of Buffalo ...  Former Jets FB John Conner reached agreement this morning with the New York Giants . Seahawks are working out former Patriots and Jaguars DT Kyle Love today . David Garrard's agent ,  Al Irby ,  said doctors cleared his client today to begin working out for teams . Garrard wants to find QB work . After taking our talent to  near  South Beach ,  we're now on the way to Tampa and the Bucs . More fallout Steelers LB James Harrison was excused from practice today and his agent said Harrison is contemplating retirement . Condolences . Sad story . RT @espn Albert Haynesworth's brother killed in crash ,  police say    . WR @LarryFitzgerald wins PFWA's 2017 Good Guy Award for helping pro football writers do their jobs and being the pro that he is . Bucs are re signing kicker Connor Barth ,  per sources . Guard Joe Dahl is third OL that Lions GM Bob Quinn has selected thus far to protect Matthew Stafford and improve NFL's worst rush offense . Chiefs giving Nick Foles 1.75M this year ,  plus incentives . Team option for 2nd year ,  which ranges bw 6.75 16M based on 2016 performance . NFL just declared Terrelle Pryor eligible for the supplemental that will take place Monday ,  Aug 22.Jets Bills ,  Monday night ,  7 pm ,  in Detroit ,  per league source . NFL reviewing Marshawn Lynchs physical contact with an official for a fine or possible suspension . What strength ,  determination and the mind can overcome ...  Colts have hired former Bills WR coach Sanjay Lal as their wide receivers coach . Jets WR Santonio Holmes officially is active . Calvin Johnson filed retirement papers with NFL . Retires at age 30 ,  one year younger than Barry Sanders was when he retired at age 31.Washington WR Terrelle Pryor said his altercation with a fan began over N word ...  Taping my mic to myself today with the hopes that @mortreport wont snatch it off . Who would have thought that of the top 3 picks in April's draft   Jared Goff ,  Carson Wentz ,  Joey Bosa   Wentz would be only Week 1 starter  ?  Colts WR Anthony Gonzalez will be out this week with a high ankle sprain . RT @NFLprguy Saints players to open NY Stock Exchange tmrw am . Hope their Super Bowl mojo carries over to Wall Street . For those asking who former Bucs WR Dezmon Briscioe is ...  RT @BaxFootballGuru Led team in total TD  6  last season . Anybody see the July 27 Star magazine with Pres Obama being all man ,  checking out behind of a 16 year old Brazilian beauty Mayara Tavares  ?  Can't stand seeing this Bears RB Matt Forte already has been ruled out for rest of game with a knee injury . Bengals expect HC Marvin Lewis now will remain in Cincinnati . The two sides expect to resolve any issues within next 24 hours . So OBJ did talk to one member of the media before the ESPYs ...  A letter from NFL Scouting Combine office ,  provided to ESPN ,  confirms Keenan Allen had his right ankle re checked . Update Julian Edelman's MRI is Saturday ,  not Sunday . Patriots suspect ACL ,  but tests to determine . CJ Spiller grabbed right knee in pain . RT @ZakarianFollett Heaven was bombarded with prayer request and they were heard  !  Thank you for showing your support . I'm ok . Thank God . Fastest 40s Since 20062008 RB Chris Johnson 4.242010 WR Jacoby Ford  4.282011 DB DeMarcus Van Dyke  4.282009 WR Darrius Heyward Bey 4.30New Bills' RB Reggie Bush and Buffalo HC Rex Ryan once had a little war of words in 2012 ...  Vikings WR Jerime Simpson has been suspended three games for violating NFL policy and program for substances of abuse . The top 25 HS QBs will be competing in @Elite11 The Finals part 2. Less than 30 minutes away on ESPN after @SportsCenter . S Tyrann Mathieu out again for the Cardinals this week . Falcons owner Arthur Blank spending Now given in season contract extensions to his general manager ,  right tackle and cornerback . It will be a major upset if former Ravens FB Vonta Leach winds up anywhere other than Miami . Dolphins want him too much . DeMarco Murray has accounted for 38% of Cowboys' yards from scrimmage this season . No other player has accounted for a higher percentage . So Jets are changing QBs and Ravens' starting QB ,  Joe Flacco ,  is not practicing today . RB Ahmad Bradshaw will be visiting Steelers again in a few weeks to check on rehab progress from foot injury . Pittsburgh still interested . And Eric Winston also will be working out Wednesday for the Dolphins ,  per source . With Redskins 4th going to Eagles ,  it also means Washington's 3rd rd pick goes to New Orleans for trade that brought OT Jammal Brown . Rams to hire former Jets asst . Brian Schottenheimer as their offensive coordinator . RT @bigmoneytony @AdamSchefter If you can get a media credential with Twitter ,  do you think the rest of us can as well  ?  Please don't forget a special 90 minute Sunday NFL Countdown later this morning on ESPN ,  from 11 to 1230.Look for former Raiders QB Matt Schaub to sign this week ,  per source . Interested teams include Jets ,  Ravens ,  Falcons ,  amongst others . Saints HC Sean Payton and GM Mickey Loomis are scheduled to meet today with Bill Parcells to gauge his interest in becoming interim HC . Packers signed former Broncos CB Josh Bell . RT @showsoto76 Hey Adam if colts , cowboys , browns , jets ,  raiders all put in a claim for meriweather who would get him  ?   ...  No one . He's a UFA . Dallas always could come out in an exotic formation ,  but Joseph Randle is expected to start and be lead Cowboys lead RB tonight vs . Giants . RT @cdbarker Adam ,  Mr . Woodson will be sending you a very angry letter .  ...  My  very  bad . Now corrected . @desmondhoward ,  then Charles . Bengals cornerback Dre Kirkpatrick announced he is staying in Cincinnati . Latest on Broncos HC John Fox and heart valve surgery he needs that could sideline him up to two months . Read and write as much as possible . Every day . RT @Joez25 @AdamSchefter any tips for some who aspires to be a sports reporterbroadcaster  ?  Cleveland almost had A Drive to replace The Drive . Almost . On to OT . Again . A name to watch with Eagles' off season QB maneuvers Nick Foles . Eagles' HC Doug Pederson drafted Foles and is interested ,  per NFL sources . Tough night for Terrell Owens ,  who has Struggled to hold on to the football . Tony Sparano will be named interim Raiders head coach today ,  per @JimTrotterNFL . Seahawks placed S Earl Thomas on IR . NFL The grievance filed by George Kokinis against the Browns has been amicably resolved.Terms of the settlement are confidential.Look who posted 1st tweet ...  RT @raylewis Everyone always asks me ,  Do I miss it  ?  If I missed it then I cheated it . NFL is looking into whether Saints illegally stashed LB Todd Davis in their training facility after they released ...   . Part 1 Eight   8 !    Vikings chosen to Pro Bowl WR Sidney Rice LT Bryant McKinnie QB Brett Favre RB Adrian Peterson . Jets have signed FB Lex Hilliard and waived WR Patrick Turner . Lions WR Calvin Johnson has a sprained knee with loose bodies in it doctors are recommending off season surgery . Johnson makes final call . RT @adbrandt Guaranteed money   Joe FlaccoRavens 52 million Aaron RodgersPackers 54 million Josh SmithPistons 56 million . NFL sent videotape to all 32 HCs this week ,  warning it will work with officials to call more push penalties like the one from NYJ NE game . QB Matt Hasselbeck is officially probable for Sunday vs . Texans . The veteran in line to start again . Kim Gandy ,  president and CEO of National Network to End Domestic Violence  NNEDV  ,  said this week that she is ...  Gordon Hayward announces on Players Tribune he is signing with the Celtics . Resume your barbecues . Due to the flu outbreak that hit at least 12 Browns players ,  afternoon meetings were cancelled . Jabari Parker turning pro ... Jets thinking offense ... thinking speed ... taking Ohio St . WR Devin Smith . Panthers RBs DeAngelo Williams and Jonathan Stewart are great RBs and ,  as it turns out ,  even better talkers . Now official ...  RT @49ers 49ers have placed LB @NBowman53 and DL @GlennDorsey72 on injured reserve . Officials are provoking Bengals LB Vontaze Burfict ,  according to a Cincinnati player who came to his defense ...  Cowboys have signed former LSU OL La'el Collins ,  as @NFLCharean reported . A potential first rounder as an undrafted free agent . To Dallas . Ocho . John Dorsey ,  who is entering his 22nd season in NFL personnel ,  has been promoted to Packers director  football operations . With Cam Newton's pro day today ,  let the speculation begin on where he will be drafted .  Why would Mike Vick flying from bankruptcy court to NFL game remind me of Deion Sanders flying from NFL game to World Series  ?  Friday's 10 Spot   Chris Johnson ,  DeSean Jackson ,  Chad Henne ,  and the Packers and Cardinals . And here is the encouraging part . RT @espn Pacman Jones is humble ,  Mike Zimmer of Cincinnati Bengals says    . Dean Spanos announced today that General Manager A.J . Smith and Head Coach Norv Turner will not return in 2013.Good for both . Jets were planning to release Calvin Pryor . Browns get a shot with him . Jets get back a player who h  . RT @TheDiabolical @AdamSchefter in Seymour's defense ,  Jamarcus Russell ,  Tommie Kelly and Javon Walker still haven't shown up either . ESPN Films and espnW partner together on the Nine for IX .  Series debuts tonight at 8 pm on ESPN with Venus Vs.Just walked into the training facility of the NFL's defending world champions ... and this  . History on the line . RT @AndrewSiciliano Here we go for the 9th ... Halladay is perfect . Broncos' QB Brock Osweiler makes his first NFL start today ,  on his 25th birthday . Please remember our NFL coverage starts 15 minutes earlier today ,  at 1045 a.m ,  at the back end of Sportscenter . 49ers announced they have added LB Aldon Smith to 53 man roster from Exempt List and placed DB Jimmie Ward on Injured Reserve List . Get used to jokes like this from the late night guys . Jay Leno just said Tiger's wife is a 19   a 10 with a 9 iron.Jets Head Strength and Conditioning Coach Sal Alosi has resigned . RT @benmaller Saints lead 31 0 at half . Stats Ttl yds Saints 344 60. Pass yds Saints 252 59. Rush yds Saints 92 1.  via @jeffduncantp  . Wow ,  David Stern to retire Feb . 1 ,  2014. Many counting down the days . When deal for Packers LB Clay Matthews gets done this off season  and it will  it will come in at or north of 13 million a year in new .Mike Shanahan scheduled to meet Tues with Miami Dolphins ,  as @alexmarvez said . Will be Shanahan's 2ND interview with Miami . Also met Dec . 22Packers claimed P Jacob Schum off waivers from Tampa Bay Buccaneers and released P Tim Masthay . Dak Prescott now has completed 24 of his last 26 4th quarter pass attempts ,  starting with game winning drive against the Eagles in Week 8.Tuesday marks 4 year anniversary of The Decision. Now the sports world awaits another from @KingJames . Who you got  ?  C'mon ,  man  !  RT @hotfatguys @AdamSchefter How does Berman do Nutrisystem & Applebee's commercials  ?  Can this be addressed on The Blitz ? It all comes down to this ...  Eli Manning has won an NFL record 5 road playoff games . Tom Coughlin has won 7 road playoff games ,  tied with Tom Landry for most in history . Colts and RB Ahmad Bradshaw agreed to one year deal . Amazing how football trumps baseball in every category ,  every single category   except one the All Star game . Which is why NFL changing up . NFL Insiders and NFL Live are on ESPN2 today from 3 5 pm ET  NBA hoops on ESPN .Ravens say RB Justin Forsett ,  with ankle injury ,  is game time decision.Bills RB LeSean McCoy listed probable.Andrew Luck questionable . Dolphins extending Lb Kiko Alonso's contract ,  as @MikeGarafolo reported . It's a 4 year extension for Alonso and Dolphins . Poice are investigating Junior Seau's death as a suicide .   . Now that Vikings have fired Leslie Frazier ,  next HC expected to go is Washington's Mike Shanahan . Meeting with Dan Snyder this am . Tom Coughlin late to his presser I got in this meeting ,  got caught up talking about people and didnt realize time . You guys can fine me.Former Cowboys LB Bruce Carter signing in Tampa Bay ,  per source . Uno . NFL actually will have prime time events Tuesday ,  Thursday and Friday nights next week . Anyone paying to baseball ,  basketball or hockey  ?  RT @JonJarbou Who would you have signed  ?   ...  Would've paid Kyle Orton the 27 million deal the two sides agreed to this summer . Doctors have told Willis McGahee not to put any weight on leg . He will not need surgery and he thinks he can come back in four to six weeks . A major loss before Sunday RT @TheRedzoneorg Chargers place Jamal Williams on IR  . Lions LB Zach Follett posted a video to explain his statements on Matthew Stafford being a China doll. ESPN's Insiders react to death of Aaron Hernandez and discuss Patriots visit to White House . Dolphins OT Jonathan Martin missed two days of OTAs last spring team knew he was struggling and unhappy without knowing exact reason why . RIP . RT @GeorgeAtallah Hard to believe that Gene Upshaw died two years ago today . We remember his legacy today on  . RT @sportswatch Economist Andrew Zimbalist on SB . I think it will put New York on the map . People generally never have heard of New York.Happy December ,  everyone . #timeflies . With CB Jason Verrett  knee  out Sunday due to knee injury ,  Chargers will start undrafted free agent CB Trevor Williams vs Miami . RT @MatthewHass8 My mom is in town for game . Seahawks 16 0 with her at Qwest since 2002. Pretty legit.&lt Betsy Hasselbeck is THAT powerful . Bucs LB Danny Lansanah ,  out of football from 2010 12 ,  now leads NFL linebackers with 3 INTs ,  including 2 for TDs . Quite the story at age 29.Filed to ESPN Terrell Owens visiting Bengals on Tuesday . Largest comeback in Super Bowl history is 10 points . About 25 Colts   including Vinatieri ,  Brown ,  McAfee ,  Castonzo ,  Reitz ,  Bethea ,  Angerer   shaved their heads to honor HC Chuck Pagano . Louis Zamperini was an American Hero . Anyone who hasn't read Unbroken should read it this summer . Riveting and fascinating . 49ers announced they have signed RB Marcus Lattimore to a four year deal . S Darren Sharper inactive for Saints . ESPN's version of the Hogs have finally connected in New Orleans . Rob Lytle was taken to Memorial Hospital in Fremont ,  OH with symptoms of heart attack . There he went into massive cardiac arrest . Very sad . Raiders giving former Packers WR James Jones a three year deal . RT @85Harms How much do Rams owe Titus Young for the 10 day interview  ?   ...  Not a single cent . Claimed his contract ,  released his contract . Sad..RT @mortreport..Rick Bryan was 47 years old . He was 9th player chosen in '84 draft by Falcons . Great ,  humble guy . Son Mike is Tulsa LB . For the second straight day ,  Bengals WR Jerome Simpson is not at practice . Correct ,  @daverichard . Dennis Pitta's out for the year . NBA memo reinforces rule that players ,  coaches must stand for anthem ...  Even bigger ... RT @bimmer325ci here's your picture  . Per ESPN Football Power Index ,  Brownshave 1.6% to lose outdont have better than 39% to win any 1 gamehave 45% chance to get top pick . Bears WRs Alshon Jeffery and Eddie Royal ,  both listed as questionable for today's game vs . Packers ,  both expected to play . Detroit came through Lions officials set up a makeshift locker room in their training facility ,  giving each Bills' player his own locker . Seattle Seahawks and first round draft choice Bruce Irvin have agreed to terms on a four year deal ,  the team confirmed to Mike Sando . Well said . RT @BobPapaNFL If you ever get the chance ,  make a trip to Green Bay for a game . It is truly amazing . Check it out @DaleJr and @gregolsen88 raffling incredible weekend to benefit children's hospital . Marshall scheduled to fly to Miami . He still must pass physical and league must approve deal before it would become official . Though Washington has shown NO inclination of trading Kirk Cousins to date . But now that Cousins has signed ,  Washington can review options . RB Arian Foster will meet with Texans to determine how soon he should have surgery . Foster would like to play but doesnt how prudent it is . Jaguars requested and received permission to interview Patriots OC Bill OBrien ,  who still is squarely on Penn St.'S radar . RT @TrentPerkins3 How does it feel to wake up awesome every morning  ?   ...  You'd have to ask Trent Dilfer or Keyshawn that ,  not me . 1  Patriots   Outscored the Bears and Jets by a combined 81 10.2  Falcons   Trying to wrap up division before it  ...  RT @espnnfl Vikings ,  Redskins discussing McNabb  . Not that there isn't NFL business to tend to first ,  but the NFL draft is 50 days from today . Niners have options at QB with Jimmy Garoppolo in fold . Texas.Preview  . RT @RichCimini Rex shows media split screen of his Mets 1st pitch from the other night ,  comparing his form to Strasburg . Hilarious  !  Showtime  !  Broncos placing QB Trevor Siemian on IR with a shoulder injury hes done for season as Broncos go into off season with QB questions . From side of box used to sell official Super Bowl 49 footballs manufacturer implies air retention could be issue . Since 2010 ,  Bucs S Dashon Goldson has 15 personal fouls ,  more than any NFL player . The one Sunday might be tipping point . Redskins cut kicker Shaun Suisham and signed kicker Graham Gano . Steelers keeping busy today . Also hosting a visit with former Jaguars ,  Dolphns and Browns LB Matt Roth . Knowing Mike Shanahan ,  he would not do Haynesworth a favor ,  give him a ticket out of Wash . Haynesworth issue will be handled differently . Jake Ballard's comments on leaving New York for New England While this was very sudden and I am still experiencing a  . Former Cowboys' RB Lance Dunbar in Chicago visiting the Bears today . Raiders hired former Jaguars QB coach Greg Olson as offensive coordinator . NFL said it will team with CBS to produce and televise Thursday Night Football for the 2014 season . Dolphins left tackle Jake Long is scheduling a visit to St . Louis for tonight . The Eagles ,  Bears and Dolphins also are interested . Ravens plan to place their franchise tag on running back Ray Rice today . RT @MoveTheSticks Terrence Cody weighed 354 lbs  That's big news for the big guy . It'll get him in the scouts' good graces again  . No surprise to anyone ,  but with no recent progress ,  Rams holdout DT Aaron Donald expected to miss Sunday's regular season opener ve Colts . Remember where you were when you heard John F . Kennedy Jr . Perished in a plane crash exactly 10 years ago today  ?  RT @Ian83Shepp What's the word on Garrard  ?   ...  Active conversations ,  looking for right fit ,  no deal yet . Here's the link to the performance of our weeklong Twitter vote .  K by Cirque du Soleil . #PacquiaoWins  . Raiders CB Nnamdi Asomugha and WR Darrius Heyward Bey are inactive ,  but TE Zach Miller is active . Patrick Willis would join Jim Brown as only players in NFL history to make 7 straight Pro Bowls  never play an NFL game at age 30 or older . Love this day.Draft Day.Finally . 49ers are not expected to pick up the fifth year option on LB Aldon Smith's contract ,  per league source . Lions liked what they saw enough in backup QB Shaun Hill to give him a one year extension . Guessing these children like the @RGIII trade ...  RT @GshePHILLSme Any hope for my cowboys this year  ?   ...  Lots . Methinks the Cowboys surprise people this year . Panthers believe RB Jonathan Stewart has a torn MCL . Raiders signed former Redskins quarterback Colt Brennan today . RT @mortreport Tedy Bruschi on NFL Live Couldn't be a bigger loss than Ty Warren along that defensive front 7. He is a LB's best friend.Rams requested permission to interview 49ers OC Greg Roman along with former Browns OC Kyle Shanahan for their OC vacancy . Let's put it this way Nebraska's Ndamukong Suh might not go #1 overall . But he will be a certain top 3 pick   and I still think #1.Chargers changed their mind on Darren Sproles   he's not going anywhere anymore . Jets re signed RFA TE Jeff Cumberland Giants re signed RFA C Jim Cordle . Colts RB Mike Hart  ankle  ,  CB Kelvin Hayden  neck  ,  DT Dan Muir  chest  and LB Clint Session  elbow  did not travel with Colts to Oakland . All 3 road teams on Thursday night this season   Packers ,  Steelers ,  Bucs   have lost by at least 20 points . And this  !  Jaguars also hiring their former HC Tom Coughlin as Executive VP of Football Operations ,  per source . Marrone and Coughlin in Jax . RT @RotoworldFB Ex NFL S Darren Sharper indicted in rape cases  . Bengals now have three fifth round selections   their original pick at No . 156 overall ,  a pick from NE at 166 and the  . Raiders LB Rolando McClain is active . Filed to ESPN Eagles placed LB Omar Gaither on season ending injured reserve list and signed RB P.J . Hill off New Orleans' practice squad . Rex Ryan on Thanksgiving in Ryan household A lot of green bean casserole . Thats the most underrated dish there ...  A reminder of the turmoil that's ahead . RT @OfficialSaints Commissioner Goodell's letter to NFL fans  . The top seven scheduled picks for April draft 1. Colts 2. Rams 3.Vikings 4. Browns 5.Buccaneers 6. Redskins 7.Jaguars . Former Bucs LT Donald Penn left Oakland without a deal and now is scheduled to visit the Redskins this weekend . Info on Cowboys Chargers ,  Broncos DE Elvis Dumervil ,  the streak the Falcons can't snap ,  and a key to the Bengals season . Packers listing RB Eddie Lacy and WR Davante Adams as questionable for Monday night vs Chiefs . RT @DashMan18 So did the Raiders interview Carmichael or not  ?   ...  Sure did . Friday ,  no matter what some say . Expected to talk more . RT @larryhouse Looking like good news for U Mr Schefter . Long lockout means no dreaded training camp bus tri .  ...  Nothing dreaded . Want it . Hard to imagine that Florida State S Myron Rolle still is available . He's going to make some time very happy . #nfldraft . Albert ,  Albert ,  Albert RT @RedskinsInsider Haynesworth's agent says he will skip minicamp ,  demands trade  . Just got some yummy cookies in the mail from Geoff & Drew's as a holiday gift . Good gift for anyone at  . Falcons Pro Bowl CB Brent Grimes returns to the lineup tonight after missing past three games with a knee injury . RT @RapSheet And a slim chance Rodgers even practices on Friday . Said he'll make decision Saturday . RT @bhofheimerespn next stop for undefeated saints ... MNF vs Falcons  112 . should be a good one . The fact that Goodell and Kraft are on amicable terms could help cool tensions between the two sides and help lead to truce on Deflategate . Formers Rams and Ravens WR Chris Givens visited the Jets today ,  per source . Cardinals WR John Brown officially active . Jets beat Pats ,  Giants beat Cowboys   has NY ever had a better day regular season day than that  ?  Maybe as good ,  but not better . Colts HC Chuck Pagano has been diagnosed with a serious illness and will miss Sunday's game vs GB ,  according to Indianapolis Star . None . RT @mrh61988 @AdamSchefter Adam have you heard any trade rumors about Steven Jackson  ?  Tom Brady now leaving Courthouse ...  Jets RB Mike Goodson ,  embroiled in legal issues this off season ,  is expected to report to team in next 24 hours . Needing arms for start of camp ,  Seahawks signed two undrafted free agent QBs ,  Nebraska's Zach Lee and California  PA.'s  Josh Portis . Browns are now likely to sign former Eagles and Colts K Cody Parkey to replace injured Patrick Murray ,  per source . Murray hurt knee today . And that is a two year deal that former Bears QB Jason Campbell signed with the Cleveland Browns . Nice job from @GregABedard ,  filling in for @SIPeterKing on this week's MMQB  . Bills DT Marcel Dareus tweaked his hamstring and could miss some camp time . Some LB movement . RT @Ravens Ravens have re signed free agent inside linebacker Jameel McClain . Latest on Peyton Manning's search for a new team ...  Seattle's first QB visit is scheduled for later today with Miami's free agent Chad Henne ,  who is in Jacksonville . And now Bengals have re signed S Taylor Mays . Jaguars GM Dave Caldwell plans to announce Jacksonville's interim HC on Monday . Jags now have fired HC and OC . Bengals WR AJ Green told ESPN's Bob Holtzman that ,  due to his toe injury ,  he does not expect to play in Sunday's game vs . Colts . Carson Palmer will not play tomorrow night versus the Colts ,  but will be ready for the regular season opener versus the Broncos . Why Josh McDaniels talks in St . Louis broke down and who might be next for the Rams . Key part of Rob Gronkowski's extension He has a 10 million dollar option in 2015 that ,  if exercised ,  would extend deal through 2019.MRI today . No results yet . RT @DestinysFinest @AdamSchefter anything on big Kris Jenkins  ?  Browns QB Josh McCown questionable to return with shoulder injury . Cody Kessler time . RT @SteveRushin Today's anagram Northern Iowa  Ironheart Won . Bravo for Ben ...  RT @ProFootballTalk Roethlisberger graduates college ,  nine years after leaving  . Going outside comfort zone here ,  but credible people saying today they believe Bob Stoops will wind up coaching at Notre Dame next season . RT @StevenShadesRx Adam I know there's no off season anymore but you need to sleep sometimes .  ...  Thank you for concern . I'm a sick man . Flu going around Steelers' locker room . Browns WR Josh Gordon's appeal hearing with NFL will be tomorrow ,  when he will argue why a 1 year suspension is unwarranted . Titans think TE Delanie Walker will be close call . Team expects him to do early warmup to see how hamstring feels before making decision . RT @mortreport RT @timothywilson Will NFLPA fight anything over a certain amount of games  ?   &gt Ben didn't invite union to his hearing . Then again ,  had Brandon Marshall signed with Seattle ,  he also would have saved nearly 4 million in taxes . He couldn't lose ,  only save . Mitch Albom's tribute to the late great John Saunders ...  Deal's not done yet but will be .  RT @TheRedzoneorg Cardinals agree to deal with Derek Anderson  . Giants . After spending some time with Dan Snyder ,  the one thing I can report is the man is in top shape . He's ready for camp . Two big losses Bucs placed CB Aqib Talib and C Jeff Faine on Injured Reserve . Vikings Special Teams Coordinator Mike Priefer suspended three games ,  fined after investigation into allegations of anti gay remarks . Tale of tapes Jameis Winston measures in at 6 3 34 ,  231 pounds Marcus Mariota 6 3 34 ,  222 pounds . Public negotiations continue RT @GeorgeAtallah Free agent center and NFLPA President Kevin Mawae will join @MikeAndMike tomorrow at 800am . Alabama CB Dee Milliner is visiting the Kansas City Chiefs today . Bears signed WR Rueben Randle to a reservefutures contract . Eagles and safety Malcolm Jenkins agree to terms on a new five year contract through 2020.Pitt Chic ,  Dal NYG ,  NYJ NEP RT @sdjfig @AdamSchefter @mortreport Which matchupgame is of most interest to you on SunMon and why  ?  Thanks . When wife saw Joe Buck calling game ,  she said Joe Buck  ?  Two words   Artie Lange. As great as Buck is ,  hard to think any other way fornow . Detroit Lions and former Jaguars CB Rashean Mathis agreed to a one year deal .  . away . Mark Sanchez is not Denver's Week 1 starting QB.@JosinaAnderson is cutting off her hair as a result.Sneak preview  . Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford broke a blood vessel in his left hand but still expects to be ready for Detroit's regular season opener . Eli Manning deal done . Chargers QB Philip Rivers next . Week 14 NFL schedule was finalized with originally scheduled Philadelphia at New York Giants Sunday night game on NBC remaining in place . Memo to 0 1 Ravens ,  Redskins ,  Packers ,  Falcons over last 4 seasons ,  30 teams have started 0 2 none have made playoffs . David Carr's new potential team has nothing to do with team that drafts Derek . David Carr still hoping to sign with a team before NFL draft . Pittsburgh has begun contacting teams to trade Ben Roethlisberger for a top 10 pick . At least one team considering it . Story far from done . Co sign RT @mortreport Very excited that @JasonTaylor has been added to our ESPN lineup as an NFL Analyst . He'll be great . Welcome ,  Jason  !  So the Ray Rice Fallout continues with a new domestic violence policy . Six games for 1st offense ,  lifetime ban for 2nd . Distinction to be made here Shawne Merriman can play again this season for another team . But he is finished in San Diego . Raiders traded S Dewey McDonald.to Seahawks for conditional 2017 pick . Wow ,  Derrick Rose done for season . Las Vegas already has established SF and SEA   today's movers and shakers   as co favorites to win next Super Bowl . Jets reached agreement with kicker Nick Folk on a one year deal . Cowboys' owner Jerry Jones told @1053thefan that QB Tony Romo has hairline fracture and is done for the season ,  as Ed Werder reported .  . Never have gotten more Who to start fantasy questions than past 24 hours . Family ,  friends . Got own issues trying to beat @MatthewBerryTMR . Who does the best Gronk imitation  ?   RT @AGottfried please tell us something about Maclin  !   ...  OK . Playing . Good to go . Jets RB Mike Goodson was arrested this morning on drug possession and weapons charges ,  NJ state police spokesperson Stephen Jones said . Steelers QB Landry Jones is expected to start today vs . Cleveland in place of injured Ben Roethlisberger ,  per sources . One of these teams need to sign Randy Moss as its kicker . Bengals assistant coach Hue Jackson is interviewing today with the Panthers for their offensive coordinator job . One of the standouts from the Giants first three training camp practices WR Jerrel Jernigan ,  the team's 2011 third round pick . Chargers running back Ryan Mathews is unlikely to play today vs . the Titans . Adrian Peterson and Greg Jennings both active . Bengals fear that RB Bernard Scott tore his ACL on Sunday . Further testing Monday . BREAKING SportsCenter reporting I'm out for the year ...  Rams were debating making a move on Jeff Fisher ,  decided today . One issue was short week ,  Thursday night game vs Seattle . But Fisher fired . Jacksonville WR Cecil Shorts  groin  did not practice Friday and Is questionable . Texans' WR Will Fuller is unlikely to play tonight vs Colts due to a hamstring injury ,  per source . With K Neil Rackers nursing a tweaked groin ,  Cardinals spending Thanksgiving workout K's ,  including Mike Nugent and Matt Bryant . RT @degs99 Sunday would have been longtime Steelers announcer and Terrible Towel inventor Myron Cope's 82nd birthday . Good omen for PITT . RT @DCProSportsRep A ton of media out there say his deal in Washington is done  ...  False . If it were ,  Zorn would have gone way of Cerrato . RT @EricStangel Just saw Rex Ryan at market stocking up on food . I said Preparing for the snow ,  huh ?  He said What snow ? Wonder if the Colts will have to change the side of this building anytime soon ...  Quite the Cleveland send off woman cab driver adamant that NBA Finals were fixed AND LeBron wasted all his energy in his upcoming movie . OKNFL fined Jets coach Rex Ryan 75,000.Denver does not expect to re sign free agents to be ,  WR Demaryius Thomas and TE Julius Thomas ,  during season will wait until after season . Jason Taylor's deal is two years ,  13 million . But the real number is one year up to 3.75 million . Taylor is a Jet . Going to post poll  ? 's weekdays to get your opinions .. For today's ,  please go to my fbk at  . Jacksonville traded wide receiver Mike Thomas to Detroit for a mid round draft pick . Former Colts WR Donnie Avery signing with KC Chiefs . The day for Cris Carter is coming   and should have already . 12 Trouble looming in Tennessee RT @ChrisJohnson28 Just got off the phn w my agent & its not gd news I'm feeling lk @Revis24 rt now . Jeff Fisher is the only HC that Tennesse has known . Ever . Franchise got there in 1997 with Fisher as HC . Stat of the day#sticktofootball  . Browns running back Trent Richardson injured his ribs and is scheduled to undergo an MRI Monday . Dallas' deal with S Will Allen is like the one with LB Justin Durant When cap space is there ,  players will be signed . Giants RB Ahmad Bradshaw and WR Hakeem Nicks active . So far ,  six teams are changing HCs SD ,  Denver ,  SF ,  Buff ,  LA ,  Jax . Not even Monday yet and six . Bucs WR Vincent Jackson's riib injury is not considered serious he's considered day to day . RT @MattPomPom You need to get back to work  !  ...  No doubt . And interestingly ,  my first day at ESPN ,  Aug . 17 ,  also is Jon Gruden's birthday .After a disagreement in OAK on OT Rodger Saffold's physical condition ,  he is returning to STL to sign a 5 yr contract with the Rams . Wow . Bengals HC Marvin Lewis said NFL Draft is like watching paint dry ...  Buccaneers gave former Bengals OT Anthony Collins a 5 year ,  30M deal ,  including 15M gtd . Bears selected Harvey Unga ,  RB ,  Brigham Young in Round 7.Cowboys selected Josh Price Brent ,  DE ,  Illinois in Round 7.RT @iAmCorin Is the Hall of Fame weekend affected by the Lockout  ?   ...  As it stands now ,  there would be the ceremony but no game . Tim Tebow has come and gone from Philadelphia . Team is not planning to sign him at this time . We'll see if anything changes . #KnowThemFromAdamMother's Day Special @LisaMcCaffrey6 on raising @CMcCaffrey5 ,  and three other great young men . RT @askmetostay323 Any truth to the RamsEagles rumors  ?   ...  Nothing but good old fashioned rumor mongering . Former Chiefs QB Aaron Murray is signing with Cardinals practice squad ,  per source . Seattle with more surprises Seahawks cut RB Julius Jones and DB Jordan Babineaux . Peyton Manning It will be tough not to be out there playing for the organization and our fans.I simply am not healthy enough to play.Just made a donation to  . At least four teams have looked into signing recently reinstated RB Ray Rice ,  including Indianapolis and New ...  Cowboys had been 42 0 in which they led by 20 or more points at the half . Some more details on Cardinals trip to Missouri RT @espnnfl Cardinals owners attend Blaine Gabbert's private workout . stops . Two year deal for Greg Jennings in Miami . Rashaan Salaam was found dead Monday night at a park in Boulder . Police said there was no sign of foul play . He was 42. RIP . Jets DL Sheldon Richardson suspended first four games for violating the NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse ,  per NFL . Eagles deactivated Michael Vick and made him the 3rd QB today . #KnowThemFromAdam @RyanDLeaf chronicles life w painkillers & prison ,  and road to recovery & redemption. LISTEN  . CB Darius Butler released by Patriots after club was unable to trade him   should be a hot commodity on waivers . Jets have invited 23 players to mini camp for a tryout ,  including Tennessee QB Matt Simms ,  son of Phil Simms . A replay of the controversial hit on OBJ ...  It's not that Geno Smith didn't pay back IK Enemkpali . He just didn't do it yet . He intended to pay him back ,  per sources . Just not in time . Cowboys are pursuing Browns defensive coordinator Rob Ryan as a potential replacement for Paul Pasqualoni ,  who left to be UConn's HC . A top 3 pick . RT @tab42 AS ,  if you are watching the OKNeb game keep your peepers on  Ndamukong Suh . Hes a dancing 302lbs Baryshnikov . I try to answer as many tweets as I can when I'm not working and spending family time . RT @tyme66 @AdamSchefter why don't u answer man  ?  Rams DE Robert Quinn downgraded to out Saturday due to a hipback injury and will not play Sunday vs . Baltimore . Vikings officially signed former Titans S Michael Griffin . Terrelle Pryor's Pro Day ,  scheduled for Friday ,  is now on hold until the NFL decides whether he's eligible for supplemental draft . After RG3's smokin' 40 ,  condolences go out to Cleveland ,  Washington and Miami . The Rams' No . 2 pick just became that much more valuable . RT @SaleemTheDream I hope Shanny learns everything he can from the pats and steelers . We all know he'll be Snyder's man in 2010 . Tony Romo returns next week for Dallas . Too late  ?  RT @AJMiqueli What does Miami do with 8th pick  ?  Trade up for Tannehill  ?   ...  If Miami doesn't get Tannehill ,  Fins fans will be boisterous . Good idea ,  @WesWelker . Now taking bids for the autographed Brady certificate . Money for it will be donated to @Bestbuddies . The Tebow effect RT @broncossacco Crazy interest in our OTAs which start today . Greatest interest I've seen since John Elway was a rookie . TE Niles Paul resigns with Redskins ,  a three year deal that can earn him up to just under 10 million ,  per source . Cowboys rookie CB Jourdan Lewis found not guilty in pillow related domestic violence case ...  Chargers RB Melvin Gordon out for year with knee injury . Panthers claimed former Packers' CB LaDarius Gunter on waivers and waived K Harrison Butker . LA Rams have agreed to be this summer's participants on HBO's Hard Knocks . Aside from Steelers ,  other AFC teams reporting back to work two weeks from today Browns ,  Texans ,  Chiefs and Chargers . The new Marshall Plan Dolphins WR Brandon Marshall is making plans to play in the ... NBA . Seriously .  RT @jacobga12 This is really Brady's 6th AFC Championship in 10 seasons  not 12  ,  considering he started 1 game in 2008 ,  0 games in 2000.RT @RonD1954 Webster spent 4 yrs with TB ,  2 @CIN ,  & 3 @ DEN yet he's former Bengal ?   ...  Girl was teenage  ...  Packers have released special teams coordinator Shawn Slocum ,  Head Coach Mike McCarthy announced Friday . MikeAmmo scores again RT @MikeAmmo Truthfully ,  I'm FAR more upset Mangini traded the spot for Josh Freeman to Bucs for a 6th round pick . NFL fined 49ers LB Ahmad Brooks 16,000 for hit on Saints QB Drew Brees . Ray Lewis has offered to pay half the fine . Filed to ESPN San Francisco is trading a conditional draft pick to Miami for OT Jonathan Martin ,  per league sources . Cam Newton Dont be like me . Be better than me.Worse WR news for Falcons Harry Douglas ,  Roddy White's replacement ,  injured knee in practice today . Falcons don't know how serious . Yikes . CB Kayvon Webster's 2 year deal with Rams is worth 8M over 2 years and 12M with incentives ,  per source . Reunited with Wade Phillips . The Seahawks trade for former Chargers QB Charlie Whitehurst    . Reporting to camp today Cowboys ,  Broncos ,  Colts  rookies  ,  Steelers ,  Bears ,  Packers ,  Ravens ,  Bills ,  Pats ,  Chargers ,  Redskins ,  Eagles  vets  . Former Chiefs and Cowboys Pro Bowl G Brian Waters announced his retirement.After a long and wonderful career I ...  Believe me ,  he doesn't need any leverage . RT @bobbyp8183 any chance Shanahan takes Bills seriously ,  or is it leverage for a better offer  ?  Folks here at ESPN are calling the DeSean Jackson Andy Reid TD celebration The Rump Bump.Redskins officially re signed RB Tim Hightower to a one year deal . RT @giantspathanlon Peyton's backup of 6 yrs ,  Jim Sorgi ,  now a Giant and will compete with Rhett Bomar for same role behind Eli . LSU and the University of Miami each had 41 players on NFL rosters on opening weekend ,  the most of any school . Raiders now have added Mario Edwards Jr . to the injury report with an illness . His status for today's game is questionable . Cardinals RB David Johnson named Week 13 NFLPA Community MVP after raising nearly 200,000 for his newly formed Mis  . South Carolina DE Jadaveon Clowney said he will leave school and enter NFL Draft . Top 5 pick . There's speculation that Redskins DT Albert Haynesworth will be released today . He will not . Not today ,  not this season . Patriots LB Jerod Mayo suffered a season ending right knee injury ,  per source . Texas is interested in UCLA coach Jim Mora as a possible replacement for Mack Brown ,  per sources . Gets worse for Raiders LB Malcolm Smith suffered hamstring injury return questionable . Jets released WR Santonio Holmes . Bears' WR Alshon Jeffery speaking today about the Chicago Cubs I believe they are going to win the World Series.Eagles have signed RB Darren Sproles to a one year contract extension . He's now a stay at home Eagle RT @espn Report Michael Vick prohibited from out of state travel    . Jim Harbaugh and 49ers have mutually parted ways ,  per source . More than game balls all around . RT @TonyGonzalez88 Great job to the four pilots that landed the plane . You guys kept everyone calm . Johnny Manziel will be Browns third string QB Monday night ,  behind starter Josh McCown and Austin Davis . Cowboys S Barry Church ,  who broke a tooth on a cherry Jolly Rancher and missed camp to have root canal ,  has been ...  RIP RT @lindacohn One of the NHL's all time greatest enforcers Bob Probert collapses on a boat and is later pronounced dead . He was 45.Filed to ESPN Redskins Exec VP Vinny Cerrato resigned . Marshawn Lynch's future among Seahawks' biggest offseason questions ...  Browns hired former Bears asst . special teams coach Chris Tabor as their special teams coordinator . Bears traded former 2nd rd pick Jon Bostic to Patriots for 6th rd pick ,  pending phsical . Bears get back two 6's for Bostic and Jared Allen . Colts RB Joseph Addai is active ,  but RB Delone Carter will start . Roger Goodell expects to make a decision on any potential discipline for Cowboys DE Greg Hardy in the near future.Jets Patriots of course . A butt touchdown . Steelers WR JuJu Smith Schuster already has had his appeal heard with appeals officer James Thrash ,  and Bengals S  . 49ers are signing free agent RB Pierre Thomas ,  a source confirms to ESPN's @JosinaAnderson . Falcons WR Julio Jones is active . Not that there was a question ,  but Giants WR Odell Beckham Jr is active today vs Rams ,  per source . Leonard Fournette will not play in LSUs bowl game . Will focus on pre draft process . On the conference call with the player reps ,  De Smith is debriefing them on the meaning of today's court ruling . In FA ,  teams have doled out 600M million in guarantees 3 lowest spending teams from 2013 14  NYJJAXOAK  accounting for 25% of all gtd .This must be bc the new Mrs . Elway has left the squad . RT @RAIDERS With 509 left 2nd qtr ,  John Carney's 35 yard FG puts Saints up 24 0.A little longer than five minutes but still ... Rams hired former Cowboys defensive coordinator Rob Ryan as their defensive coordinator . Was @jimcramer outstanding with his cameo on Sunday NFL Countdown or what  ?  RT @MrFantasyExpert I am anxiously awaiting @AdamSchefter to reveal what his 1 millionth follower will receive .  ...  Got any suggestions  ?  New England traded second round pick to Green Bay for Packers third  and fifth round picks . Patriots back in the draft Saturday . Frank Gore and Andre Johnson ,  former Miami teammates ,  scheduled to arrive into Indianapolis on Jim Irsays plane early this evening . Patriots and Pro Bowl G Logan Mankins were thisclose to a deal ... and then this happened . On @ESPNColin ,  @sheridanhoops is convinced    and convincing    that LeBron is going back to Cleveland . In past two summers ,  former 2nd rd picks Ryan Williams ,  Mikel LeShoure ,  Ben Tate and Montario Hardesty all suffered notable injuries . Never seen an onsides TD . Until now . Wow . RT @ArmenKeteyian For life of me I don't know how kidsschools can believe a word that comes out of such coaches mouths . And now Houston becomes favorite to land Super Bowl LI . So @mortreport and I got dumped at halftime of MNF tonight for special debut of R2 D2 ,  Chewbacca ,  Star Wars Episode VII   The Force Awakens . And here's the video . RT @ESPNNFL MUST SEE @DenverBroncos QB Peyton Manning and Wes Welker working out at Duke . Adrian Peterson's appeal denied ,  per NFL . If Steelers LB James Harrison does not win his appeal   and nobody expects him to   the one game suspension will cost him 73,529.Looks like J Lo ,  Marc Anthony and Serena want Ronnie Brown out of this game   16 rushing yards short of 750 and his half million bonus . Redskins TE Jordan Reed sprained his right MCL and also is now in concussion protocol . BTW ,  wife NOT happy when I took out the blackberry when stuck in traffic and started tweeting . If looks could kill ... No practice today for WR Greg Jennings and TE Jimmy Graham . Gary Kubiak said Peyton Manning's cast came off today ,  his boot still is on . Manning now able to start rehab . Teams can begin talking trades this afternoon . Any trade made would not become official until Saturday . Well ,  that OT FG miss explains why the Jets had interest in signing free agent kicker Dan Carpenter . DeMarcus Ware's new contract is agreed to and it should be like the deals given to Terrell Suggs ,  Dwight Freeney and Jared Allen . Falcons placed RB Jerious Norwood on injured reserve with a knee injury and signed RB Gartrell Johnson III to the active roster . In January 1974 ,  Notre Dame ended UCLA's record 88 game winning streak . Forty one years later ,  a chance for more Fighting Irish history ... Bucs signed 2010 fourth round pick WR Mike Williams to a four year contract   he's going to be good . After a seven month investigation ,  NFL has determined that Peyton Manning did not use HGH nor any other PED ,  sources told ESPN . The man earned it   Gary Brackett gets a five year contract worth 33 million ,  including a 12 million signing bonus . With a 4 yr ,  fully guaranteed 21.2 mil deal ,  Jags OT Luke Joeckel will make more than No . 1 pick Eric Fisher . No state tax in FLA . Chargers announced they have agreed to a new four year contract with left tackle Jared Gaither . RT @caplannfl Great Q & A with Sean  Payton ,  must read  . Jets quarterback Mark Sanchez turns 23 years old today . After this weekend ,  San Diego will be left with two holdouts   WR Vincent Jackson and OT Marcus McNeill . Those won't end so quickly . Bears also could reach out to Univ . of Minn . OC Jedd Fisch ,  who also worked with Cutler in Denver . Bates and Fisch would make Cutler happy . I sure hope so ,  but the more time passes ,  less chance . RT @joeleli @AdamSchefter u think derrick brooks will sigh with a team this season . Union leaders unite on MLK panel ...  Aaron Rodgers and Green Bay's playoff hopes are being carted off ... Cardinals really miss Anquan Boldin ,  don't they  ?  This is the ultimate evidence as to why he'll be traded this winter . Better late than never . RT @RachelNichols    Both Matt Ryan and Michael Turner will play  and start  for the Falcons . This is how to kick off Twitter  . So other Philip Rivers resigning with Chargers and Edgerrin James signing with the Seahawks ,  it was another nice quiet Monday afternoon . Kevin Mawae holding a press conference in Nashville at 4 CT today . Won't surprise me one bit if he retires . Great career for Mawae . Bears chairman George McCaskey called Buddy Ryan the architect of the greatest defense our league has seen.Our prayers are with his family . Via @RossTuckerNFL ,  TE Kellen Winslow told Sirius the Buccaneers are trying to trade him . Which helps explain the Dallas Clark workout . Top 5 on @MelKiperESPN's 2014 Big Board DE Jadaveon Clowney ,  QB Teddy Bridgewater ,  WR Marqise Lee ,  OT Cyrus Kouandijo ,  LB Anthony Barr . RT @wingoz Day 3 of the draft gets under way on ESPN at 1000 EST . Have a seat on the couch and enjoy the party . #nfldraft . Now that Urban Meyer has stepped down ,  what are chances he reunites w Tebow  ?  RT @mortreport He will not be coaching in Denver next season . Seattle's new ace ...  RT @awfulannouncing John Clayton threw out first pitch in Seattle ,  and had a training montage  . Bill Belichick on the challenge that awaits each drafted player The biggest challenge for all these players is ...  Not the way to start the weekend . RT @ProFootballTalk Tampa's Mike Williams arrested for DUI  . Brett Favre has thrown at least four TDs in a game 22 times   best in NFL history and one more than previous record holder ,  Dan Marino . Hopefully Belichick just got spooked ,  nothing more . RT @mortreport @AdamSchefter Brady was supposed to go at least 3 quarters . Michael Vick injured . Hurt throwing hand on Jason Kelce's helmet . Vick came off field wincing . NFL and NFLPA are close to enacting these calendar changes for the next three years . Sean Payton and running game coach Aaron Kromer   pretty good ,  hih  ?  RT @CarolinaPride21 Who is saints offensive coordinator  ?  @AdamSchefter . RT @BobLeyESPN Ashley Fox ,  Phil . Inquirer ,  tells us on OTL that Michael Vick today referred to himself as the co MVP . Raiders and 2nd round pick Obi Melifonwu agreed to terms ,  per @seanstellato . Oak still has first rounder unsigned . RT @dayers Reggie Bush and Tony Romo have moved up my fantasy league draft board #distractions . That's funny bc I grew up a Jets fan and live in NY RT @JimmyShnoogen @AdamSchefter FYI ,  alot of JetsFans R painting u as a Patriot stooge . NFLPA now is going to file a non injury grievance on Terrelle Pryor's behalf . RT @DMNGerryFraley Receiving numerous calls about a Chris Henry rumor that I did not start . Everyone repofake . Josh Gordon shares his side of the story ...  This is why they lift the weights ,  run the sprints ,  work the way they do One more week and two more Sundays to go . More cap room for Ravens ...  Keep hearing former Broncos GM Ted Sundquist was particularly impressive last Thursday when interviewing for Jets GM job . Sleeper candidate . Raiders quarterback Carson Palmer restructured his contract Thursday ,  saving the Raiders about 9 million on the cap . Former Broncos GM Ted Sundquist interviewed late last week in New York for Jets GM job . Filed to ESPN Texans quarterback Matt Schaub is out for the season with a lis franc injury . Matt Leinart from here on in . Chris Berman rocks it at Pebble Beach.Rules that the NFL adopted today . As @CasserlyCBS noted ,  Bengals offensive coordinator Jay Gruden declined the chance to interview for the Colts head coaching job . Bengals personnel will travel to the Chris Henry services Tuesday via team charter and will return to Cincinnati on Tuesday evening . Bengals placed S Taylor Mays on the ReserveInjured list with a dislocated shoulder . Jaguars' WR Allen Robinson suffered a significant knee injury today ,  per source . Another poor secret now public Kyle Shanahan ,  the former Texans offensive coordinator ,  is the Redskins new offensive coordinator . Bengals are listing TE Tyler Eifert  neck  as probable to play vs . Steelers . Hes in line to return after 1 game absence . Former Seahawks LB @aaroncurry51 said he has signed with the New York Giants . And Segal didn't even hesitate . He was adamant that Vick was not at strip club . Adamant . This is a great question for @Richeisen . RT AshDiggy . Do you think NFL will ever improve the rookie salary structure in fairness 2 vets  ?  NFL Live roundtable special today Bounties in the NFL ... 4 eastern on ESPN . Of the 99 players to sign in first three days of free agency ,  only 5   D . Martin ,  T . Hali ,  Mack ,  Ivory ,  D . Johnson   made Pro Bowl in 2015.At No . 207 ,  the last pick of the 6th round ,  Tennessee drafts Florida St S Myron Rolle #nfldraft . Dolphins moving operations from Miami to Los Angeles tonight to conduct practice and prep for next week's game vs Chargers ,  per sources . San Francisco 49ers announced that S Dashon Goldson has signed his one year franchise tender . Per @toddarcher ,  Cowboys restructured contract of QB Tony Romo . Bills signed former Colts' QB Josh Johnson to 53 man roster . Michigan has been telling incoming recruits it plans to have a new HC by middle of this week . Michigan is confident . Mike Vick on Eagles exempt list ,  meaning he can't practice . But Eagles could activate him any day   and chances are they will before Weds . Ambulance on the field to take away Denver DE Derek Wolfe ,  who is strapped down . Broncos gave former Chiefs' RB Jamaal Charles a one year deal ,  per source . Lions signed QB Jake Rudock to active roster . Can almost be assured Bears first tried to sign him to their roster . Must see ...  RT @NFLprguy Amazing @annenbcnews 1 World Trade Center from Jersey City  . Now Brent Musburger has arrived ,  and the whole CBS gang is here . This must be what it's like for some high school QB to meet Peyton Manning . Like everyone ,  I'm waiting to hear about Chris Henry and praying he's OK . Is his home for sale ,  too  ?  RT @pmpjr @AdamSchefter josh cribbs to miami  ?  Espn Cleveland speculating ... Chicago's Matt Fort's 151 receiving yards are the most a running back ever has had in the NFL on opening weekend . Brian Quick needs 1 catch today to reach 150,000 incentive for 40 catches this season also 1 receiving yard to reach 125,000 incentive . Filed to ESPN Initial tests showed Patriots WR Wes Welker tore his ACL and MCL . He'll undergo more tests tomorrow to confirm . Captain Munnerlyn is signing a 4 year deal with Panthers ,  as @PSchrags reported . Jaguars announced they used their franchise tag on TE Marcedes Lewis . Former Jets CB Antonio Cromartie agreed to terms with Colts . Washington . RB Samaje Perine being evaluated for a concussion . RT @thurmanthomas #Respect RT @ESPNNFL Today would have been the 60th birthday of the great Walter Payton.Falcons' WR Mohamed Sanu will be playing through a separated shoulder today vs Panthers ,  per league source . Former Colts GM Bill Polian just said on ESPN's NFL Insiders that he projects Eastern Illinois QB Jimmy Garoppolo to be a first round pick . What a day in our country's history . Born July 4 Al Davis ,  George Steinbrenner . Died July 4 John Adams ,  Thomas Jefferson . Carl Johnson ,  NFLs VP of Officiating ,  is leaving his head referee job after February Super Bowl ,  per sources at owners meetings in Dallas . Drew Brees now has thrown a TD pass in 37 straight games ,  passing Brett Favre  36  for second longest streak in NFL history . Unitas 1 at 47.Ravens GM Ozzie Newsome announced that LB Rolando McClain ... is retiring . OK ,  then . Steelers announced Ben Roethlisberger starting . Arizona's new starting QB Drew Stanton gets a tough test today Detroit's defense ranks 1st in the NFL in PPG  15.8  and YPG  283.4 .Doug Marrone has named Blake Bortles starting QB for Jaguars' regular season opener against Houston on September 10.Two QBs scheduled to attend draft are Geno Smith and EJ Manuel . At least one more could decide to come ,  but so far only two QB commitments . Raiders interviewed Broncos defensive coordinator Dennis Allen in Denver today for their head coaching vacancy . Redskins OT Trent Williams is not a suspect ,  said a Honolulu police source . The same police source confirmed Williams was a victim.Hope for teams playing this weekend Six of past 8 Super Bowl champions have played in Wild Card round ,  including in the past three years . Was 27 years ago tonight that Bill Buckner committed the error that was heard around the world . Wheeling and dealing continues Bears are trading TE Martellus Bennett to Patriots for draft pick compensation ,  league sources tell ESPN . Bengals' RB Joe Mixon was kicked in the heel and cut ,  per source . Injury not considered serious . Baltimore has emerged as the favorite to land former Panthers WR Steve Smith ,  per sources . Seahawks placed G James Carpenter on reservenon football illness list and waivedinjured WR Braylon Edwards . RT @NFLprguy Jets@Raiders blacked out in Oak . no others this wknd . only 7 of 103 blacked out in '09 season . 93% air locally . Raiders donated 1 million to North Bay fire relief and recovery efforts . Amazon and not Twitter will stream Thursday night NFL games this year ,  as recode reported . Lucrative Thursday night deal . Brett Favre thinks Dwight Howard is really indecisive . QB Colt McCoy is re signing with Washington ,  per source . So it's RGIII ,  Kirk Cousins and McCoy back together again . West Coast teams struggle in early East Coast games . 49ers haven't . They're 4 0. Could be first team to clinch division   by Thanksgiving . Good sign for Carolina Panthers RB Jonathan Stewart practiced today for first time since undergoing off season foot surgery . NFL reviewed Panthers late hit on Donovan McNabb and determined it to be legal . No fine for the hit will be forthcoming . Brad Childress told Ed Werder that WR Sidney Rice will start today and play 20 40 snaps ,  depending on how his hip is feeling . NFL likely to fine Steelers LB James Harrison for hitting defenseless QB Drew Brees with crown of his helmet late in Sunday's 4th quarter . Ravens are giving former Vikings WR Mike Wallace a 2 year ,  11.5 million deal ,  per source . RT @TheJetsStream Jets @Plaxico Burress turns 34 today . Have a feeling Rex Ryan's Bday present will be giving PB more reps in team drills . A rarity Bills news . Bills announced they have re signed free agent TE Joe Klopfenstein . More Matt Moore He tore his labrum . He will undergo surgery in two weeks ,  be out four to six months . Moore expected to next throw in April . To quote the great Russell Baxter ,  It's Christmas  !  Former Patriots CB Leigh Bodden went unclaimed on waivers now free to sign where he wants . Bob Ley is tremendous . Didn't write one word of script today when Deflategate broke ,  ad libbed all ,  and sounded like the total pro he is . Redskins TE Jordan Reed is signing a 5 year ,  50 million extension ,  per source . RT @Chaseisdope malcom floyd playing  ?   ...  Don't think so . For those that missed it . RT @ManofthePeople this is not detroit man this is the superbowl Vikings radio call of INT  . RT @mikecwright Marc Trestman told Emery his favorite quote What I do for myself is buried with me . What I do for others lives forever.RT @MoveTheSticks As a former RavensBrowns scout ,  never thought Id see NFL teams so anxious for return of Kyle Boller and Bruce Gradkowski . He and Carson Palmer both worthy but Brady's mine . RT @brenthageman @AdamSchefter what abou Cedric benson for comeback player of the year  ?  Giants expected to use franchise tag on Jason Pierre Paul by Wednesday if two sides cannot reach long term deal by then ,  per league sources . One interesting item to pop up this spring Jets are pleased with the way QB Christian Hackenberg has looked . The Jeremy Bates effect . it . As ESPN statistician Russell Baxter just pointed out ,  the state of Florida is now down 72 0.Have no problem with Tiger   who I'm rooting for   showing emotion . But he openly said he would try to control his emotion . And he can't . Short of an unlikely contract extension ,  the 49ers will place their franchise tag on defensive tackle Aubrayo Franklin in next week . Bad news in Baltimore ...  Former Browns' S Donte Whitner is signing with the Washington Redskins ,  per source . 5 yr old daughter thinks the Frogs Neck Bridge should be renamed the Strawberry Whipped Cream Bridge bc of red and white lights on it.Jets now expected to sign newly acquired RB Chris Ivory to a long term contract ,  per sources . Deal called likely.RT @espn Sources Jon Bon Jovi in talks to buy part of Atlanta Falcons    . Johnny Manziel will start at quarterback Sunday in Browns home opener against the Titans ,  Mike Pettine announced Friday . Chargers added WR Seyi Ajirotutu to active roster and placed LB Kion Wilson on Reserve Injured due to an ankle injury . RT @IHellaRaise Where's the #sticktofootballschefter hashtag  ?   ...  Got locked out . Will be hard for @PeteCarroll to start someone other than Russell Wilson . If he does ,  only a matter if time before Wilson's gets his turn . Bucs CB Darrelle Revis will be man on man today vs Lions WR Calvin Johnson   with double team help at times . 5th round picks are hot commodities this off season   5th for Santonio Holmes ,  5th for Ted Ginn ,  5th in Tony Scheffler trade . And so it continues . Packers HC Mike McCarthy said LB Brady Poppinga and DL Mike Neal both are expected to have season ending surgery . Giants signed former Seahawks S Deon Grant and rescinded their tender to C.C . Brown ,  who started seven games last season . Corey Wootton has agreed to a 1 year contract with the Vikings ,  per player's agent . Texans second round pick Connor Barwin signing four year deal as this is tweeted . NFL announced it is conducting a thorough review of Russell Wilson's concussion test . League said that if the Co  . Last Wayne allows me to achieve my goal of playing my entire career with the Indianapolis Colts. And there we have it   one more no show . Browns signed former Bengals DE Frostee Rucker to a five year deal worth over 20 million . RT @JayRod24 Will @RAIDERS make another trade  ?  Perhaps help in secondary  ?   ...  Already tradsd their 2 ,  3 ,  4 and 7. Not much ammo left . hopeless . Giants have parted ways with defensive coordinator Perry Fewell ,  per league source . Best Steelers' QB performance ever Ben Roethlisberger has 522 passing yards ,  6 TD passes today . In case it doesn't work out with the Seahawks ...  Happy 82nd birthday to Al Davis and 235th birthday to America . Exactly one year ago ,  LeBron James made The Decision . Hoping NFLPA and NFL give us a sequel ,  a more well received Decision today . Today is the one year anniversary of Aaron Rodgers' last loss as a starting QB   a 7 3 loss at Detroit . Now official Cardinals LB Daryl Washington has been suspended at least one year for violating Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse . WR Andre Caldwell is signing back with the Broncos on a 2 year deal worth a max of 3.45 million . Thanks for support to @LBJAkronHammer @bigge3021 @natelyman @chelseayouth @Geowood818 @Schottey @grinwis7 @csamaru @FantomFresh21 @dasnogs4 . Here in Detroit ,  and @mortreport is right . Lions DT Ndamukong Suh is not asking for a larger contract than Sam Bradford . Will take less . It's official The Bengals signed free agent CB Adam Pacman Jones today . With RB Charles Sims on IR ,  Bucs signed former Falcons RB Antone Smith . A smart Raiders fan here . RT @theraiderfan Jets can thank Mr . Davis for Revis wanting Nnamdi  . Redskins Raiders trade talk heating up over QB Jason Campbell ,  who would be an instant upgrade in Oakland . #nfldraft . So it's Saints at Seahawks on Saturday ,  49ers at Panthers on Sunday . Just like many expected ,  NFC Championship not close ... Seahawks are first reigning Super Bowl champion to win a postseason game the next post season since the 2005 Patriots . ESPN Power Rankings Broncos now No . 1 Ravens back in top 10. Details on Albert getting TO'd RT @espn Albert Haynesworth of Washington Redskins suspended four games    . Bears' WR Alshon Jeffery ,  listed as questionable with knee injury ,  is expected to play tonight vs Dallas ,  per ...  Ravens reached agreement with former Cowboys C Andre Gurode on a one year deal ,  according to the team . Not made up as much as it sounds like it 49ers RB Frank Gore fined 10,500 today for wearing his socks too low in NFC Championship Game . Make of it what you will NFL and NFLPA not meeting again today ,  as they were scheduled to do . Meeting cancelled after yesterday's session . With money Bears are giving Kyle Long and possibly Josh Sitton ,  Chicago could have NFL's priciest and best G ...  Busy week for Dr . Watkins and Dr . Wakins Jr . They performed cervical spine surgery on L.A . Dodger Casey Blake on Tuesday . Cardinals RB Adrian Peterson  neck  a game time decision vs Rams ,  but team pessimistic ,  per source . Falcons today signed former Saints running back Aaron Stecker and placed rookie safety William Moore on injured reserve . A source familiar with a certain QB in Mississippi told  . 49ers and Seahawks spent the off season building up their rosters and the preseason now trying to preserve them . New pushed back extra point has wreaked havoc today ,  and really all season . Been great . Complex and disturbing story of former NFL standout Darren Sharper ,  via @JulietMacur . A decision on whether Chargers WR Vincent Jackson will be suspended six or three games is expected today . Washington safety Sua Cravens has received medical clearance to resume all football activities and plans to play n  . As OCNN reported ,  WR Chad @ochocinco signed a one year deal with the Miami Dolphins . No job is as challenging and as rewarding as being a dad . Happy Fathers Day to all who do it . #respect . So it's not just Adrian Peterson Steelers said RB Rashard Mendenhall was a full participant in today's practice . Texans HC Bill O'Brien declined publicly today to name a starting QB for Thursday night game vs . Bengals . Remember ...  Bears entertaining trade offers for Pro Bowl TE Martellus Bennett ,  per league sources . Bennett wants a new contract in Chicago or anywhere . Bengals WR AJ Green ,  listed as doubtful for Sunday ,  is out ,  per source . Others out include Julio J ,  D . Moncrief ,  Starks ,  Sproles ,  Gordon . Brett Favre was fantastic ,  Kevin Greene was badass ,  Marvin Harrison loquacious . But night all about these two men . Ravens OC Gary Kubiak plans to take Broncos HC job if it is offered to him ,  per sources . Kubiak is believed to be ...  Dolphins owner Stephen Ross taking care of families ,  coaches and players in move to LA . Plan is to go tonight ,  weather permitting . Worst OTA injury this off season For second time in less than a year ,  Panthers LB Thomas Davis tore his right ACL   a crushing blow . Big early morning move out of Tennessee Titans reached agreement with former Redskins LB Brian Orakpo ,  per source . Bears have acquired TE Khari Lee via trade with the Houston Texans for a 2017 sixth round NFL Draft pick . Hold on   now another Bucs official is saying Mike Williams will NOT play . One says he will ,  one says he won't . Someone will be right . Here's one more great reason why @TheVFoundation deserves as much support as possible . Well done ,  @Edwerderespn ...  Cowboys QB Jon Kitna is taking the 53,000 that Dallas is paying him and donating it to his high school . Michael Sam gives Twitter user a charitable way out of bet . Text from Shannon Sharpe I'm in !  As is Ed Sabol ,  Deion Sanders ,  Marshall Faulk ,  Richard Dent ,  Les Richter ,  Chris Hanburger . Congrats  !  Raiders gave former Packers WR James Jones a three year ,  11.3M deal . A non field goal at end of first half looms large . RT @greggrosenthal ESPN's Jay Rothman says he expects draft ratings to be higher than usual .  ...  Mort better be wearing his Thursday best . Not entirely unpredictable . RT @mtread72 Evel Knievel flew over his handlebars and right into snake Canyon tonight  !  #Bears #SoLongBrett . Packers RB Eddie Lacy is not listed on today's injury report but Green Bay RB James Starks did not participate due to a hip injury . RT @JeffSchultzAJC Shocking on Andrew Luck staying in school . We're talking what   55 mill guaranteed  ?   ...  Not with the rookie cap coming . Jets are going to sign former Packers' ,  Raiders' ,  Seahawks' ,  Patriots' QB Matt Flynn to a one year contract ,  source tells ESPN . Saints have re signed restricted free agent defensive tackle Remi Ayodele . Picture of the day The man who holds the Giants hopes ...  Harvin Per Game by Team               MIN     SEATargets    7.3      4.5Rec yds   61.2   25.0YAC        34.2   17.0YAC rank  6th   99th . Colts signed free agent defensive end Tyler Brayton and released defensive tackle DeMario Pressley . Why the Eagles were smart on Michael Vick ,  along with items on Brett Favre and the Cowboys in this week's 10 Spot   . Other team that pursued free agent wide receiver Wes Welker was the Tennessee Titans ,  per source familiar with situation . We won't be seeing him for at least a few weeks . RT @dutdanut @AdamSchefter  Any word on WR Kevin Curtis about his knee injury  ?  Maybe the Jets can try to re sign Mark Sanchez when he becomes a free agent this winter ... Eagles DeSean Jackson is giving 50,000 to the Wounded Warrior Project . Lions DT Nick Fairley underwent foot surgery today in Charlotte and Lions said he will miss a significant portion of preseason . At least . Eagles' rookie LB Myke Tavarres plans to sit out national anthem Thursday ,  too . Dating back to last season ,  Texans have won six straight games ,  the league's longest active win streak . Next week for Houston Dallas . Houston is the first team since the 1970 merger to win each of its first two games of the season on the games final play . Latest on Jets' CB injuries and why this team will be haunted by not landing a top tier UFA CB such as Vontae Davis  . As G Andy Levitre is free to leave Buffalo with tag going on Jairus Byrd ,  Bengals OT Andre Smith free to leave with tag on Michael Johnson . Veterans released so far Reggie Bush ,  DeAngelo Williams ,  Jacoby Jones ,  AJ Hawk ,  Mathias Kiwanuka . More to come ,  too maybe Haloti Ngata . Chiefs deactivated WR Dexter McCluster as well as TE Tony Moeaki . With closing arguments scheduled to begin this morning ,  a verdict in the Will Smith murder trial could be reached during Saints Bucs game . Players ruled out for Sun Texans WR Andre Johnson ,  Raiders RB Darren McFadden ,  WRs Jacoby Ford and Denarius Moore ,  Packers RB James Starks . RT @rodboone Jets are confirming it was Sal Alosi ,  the strength and conditioning who tripped Nolan Carroll . Any techie know why ,  on new work computer ,  twitter pictures are inserted more to right ,  over messages ,  and I can't read them  ?  How do I fix  ?  For those making fantasy plans ,  league source saying Vikings WR Percy Harvin not likely to play . Here comes someone for some QB Jacksonville is fielding offers for top pick in fourth round and a trade is in play . Colts officially signed free agent quarterback Matt Hasselbeck . Drew Rosenhaus said Greg Hardy ,  who is undergoing a physical this am in Dallas ,  is expected to chose today between Cowboys and Bucs . Mike Tomlin on Antonio Brown's Facebook Live post . As if Brady Quinn trade were not enough ,  Browns also traded OLB Kamerion Wimbley to the Raiders for a draft pick of some sort . Another CB off the market Former 49ers CB Nate Clements reaches agreement with Bengals . Cardinals officially placed Carson Palmer on IR and signed QB Ryan Lindley . Panthers clinch NFC South and first round bye . Seahawks GM John Schneider has traded away his pick three straight times . Seattle finally on clock at No . 35.Rams placed franchise tag on CB Trumaine Johnson ,  per source . Another player tagged before today's 4 pm deadline . Since playoffs expanded to 12 teams in 1990 ,  63 pct of teams to start season 2 0  119 of 188  have advanced to postseason . Former Giants tight end Martellus Bennett reached agreement with Bears on a four year deal . Seahawks President Peter McLoughlin  . Colts announced they signed former ChargersSaints49ers DT Aubrayo Franklin . Bears will meet again with Seahawks OC Darrell Bevell and Montreal HC Marc Trestman ,  first 2 candidates to be identified as Bears finalists . 22 Bucs official said any claims that team has pursued or talked with Cowher are categorically false. Raheem Morris will be HC in 2010.Eagles and their 1st round pick Derek Barnett agreed to terms ,  per source . Chase Williams already is in class at Va . Tech . Let this be the start of good news to the Williams family during SB week !  Gregg texted . RT @thomaslake Gary Smith is retiring from SI .  ...  Once sent me a 6 page handwritten note with writinglife advice while I was in college . After one day of the tournament ,  only 272 perfect brackets remain from the 11.57 million that were filled out on  . Broncos rule out CB Aqib Talib and DE Derek Wolfe for Sunday vs Saints . Patriots owner Robert Kraft says Tom Brady willing to play 6 7 more years . AFC playoff seedings as of now 1. Patriots 2. Broncos 3. Cincinnati 4. Indianapolis 5. San Diego 6. Miami . These names will suffuce ,  too ,  yes . RT @BTait24 @AdamSchefter I think you mean Northworst and Hurtz . Ravens signed former Vikings TE Visante Shiancoe to a one year deal . Minutes ago ,  Browns still were uncertain whether they were keeping or dealing top pick in second round ... And the Giants close out the first round ,  drafting RB David Wilson . Not just football news . RT @espn Los Angeles Lakers sign Kobe Bryant to three year extension    . CB DeAngelo Hall ,  who tore his Achiles last month and underwent surgery to repair it ,  tore it again this week and will have to redo surgery . RT @lpwhite Do you think we will have football this year  ?   ...  Would be a bigger upset than Giants over Patriots in the SB if we didn't . Browns activated DL Phil Taylor off PUP and placed defensive lineman Brian Sanford on injured reserve . This says it better than I could . RT @Reddstone Everybody Wang Chung tonight  !  Vance Joseph has told the Broncos that Brock Osweiler will start Sunday . NY has agreed to pay half of the 5 million in compensation back to Denver that was in dispute in Tim Tebow trade . Despite overtures from Seahawks ,  former Seattle QB coach Jedd Fisch isn't going anywhere he will remain the Univ . of Miami's OC . Marshawn Lynchs 1 game suspension was upheld ,  per source . Out Sunday . One more reason Seattle is attractive It has two first round picks ,  its own and Denver's . Best Total QBR This SeasonJosh McCown85.7Peyton Manning83.5Philip Rivers 72.9Saints are signing linebacker Gerald Hodges today ,  per source . LA is claiming former Jaguars CB Dwayne Gratz off waivers ,  per source . First time since 2004 ,  when NYG dealt for Eli Manning ,  that the top overall pick has been traded . An assist to the uncapped year In one day ,  there are new deals for Tom Brady ,  Miles Austin and Charles Woodson . Ravens' WR Breshad Perriman did undergo arthroscopic surgery today and his ACL was deemed stable . Expected to be ready for regular season . RT @johnelway Awesome day for Shannon Sharpe  !  Well deserved  !  Proud he was a Denver Bronco  !  915 kickoff now . Filed to ESPN Seattle is strongly considering signing Broncos restricted free agent WR Brandon Marshall . A huge move . Browns HC Mike Pettine The key component ,  as I stated earlier this week ,  is that we are going to balance the reps. Hoyer Manziel share . Former Cowboys' CB Morris Claiborne is expected to sign with the Jets ,  per league source . CB market now moving . Who wants to win the NFC South  ?  RT @AndrewShika I don't like the new kickoff return rules in the NFL  ...  Neither do Leon Washington ,  Josh Cribbs or Devin Hester . Buccaneers signed former Eagles WR Josh Huff to their practice squad ,  as @NFLSTROUD reported . contribute . Ex Eagles WR Jason Avant rejoins Andy Reid . RT @proatc Honored to be this guy's ATC again . Will fit nicely in KC  !  Get ready for your fantasy draft with this ESPN Insider free trial  . 49ers announced that long time team executive Paraag Marathe will be promoted to President ,  as Gideon Yu is stepping down from that role . Panthers WR Steve Smith is giving 100,000 to help survivors of the movie theater shooting in Colorado pay for their medical expenses . RT @FauxJohnMadden @AdamSchefter last time Jets played the Bills .. Thomas Jones YPC  9.5  was higher than Mark Sanchez's QB rating  8.3 Top media day revelation came from Steelers DE Brett Keisel People are saying that Im taking beard enhancing drugs ,  but Im not.Saints CB Jabari Greer is undergoing groin surgery today in Philadelphia . He'll definitely be ready for the regular season ,  said Joe Vitt . Fact of the day RT @Keimer2254 Just realized this is the last weekend without football in America till February  !  Patriots RB Dion Lewis hurt his hamstring ,  he said . He's fine . Expected to be ready for the parade . Also in the conversation ...  RT @STATandSTUFF OJ Simpson Bronco chase and Murder trial was bigger this is close though . Chargers announced they released OT Jared Gaither . The @StephenCurry30 sneaker debate now has made its way to the NFL  . Scott Fujita submitted signed declarations from nearly 20 players to the NFL that he did not contribute any money to a bounty fund . Steelers' WR Sammie Coates underwent arthroscopic knee surgery and will miss start of camp ,  per @JFowlerESPN ...  Please direct any rookie salary peeves to @richeisen . Nothing   and I mean ,  nothing   gets him going quite like this issue . Right ,  Rich  ?  Vikings' OT Phil Loadholt is expected to retire pending meeting with team officials today ,  sources told @caplannfl and me . Cal WR Keenan Allen ,  who missed combine due to sprained PCL ,  will hold his Pro Day at Proehlific Park in Greensboro ,  N.C . on April 9.Colts wide receiver Austin Collie  concussion  will be out this week.Former Bears HC Marc Trestman coaching Toronto Argonauts in Grey Cup game vs Calgary Stampeders tonight on ESPN2 at 6.RT @soldier4him13 I thought Chip Kelly was all but there  ?   ...  Why we cover risky business ,  and why deals are not deals till they're done . RT @ESPNNewYork New York Giants rule Ahmad Bradshaw out for game vs . New Orleans Saints  . Most Picks By School  1st 2 RoundsFlorida State  5Washington   4Missouri        4Alabama       3Miami           3Oregon         3 . RT @jaycatcdcr David Garrard in Silver and Black  ?  your thoughts  ?   ...  I'd already have arranged for him to be in Oakland on Monday . Six Cowboys chosen TE Jason Witten ,  C Andre Gurode ,  LB DeMarcus Ware ,  G Leonard Davis ,  NT Jay Ratliff ,  WR Miles Austin . Only Detroit so far . RT @Lupintheone @AdamSchefter how many blackouts this week I hear two so far . Washingtons LT Trent Williams  knee  won't play today vs . Dallas ,  per @DanGrazianoESPN ,  a big loss for teams offense . Non schedule notes Patriots released veteran NT Myron Pryor  ...  Steelers RFA RB Isaac Redman re signed today . Browns' DE Desmond Bryant likely out for 2016 with torn pectoral muscle  . Texans HC Bill OBrien confirmed that ,  like Whitney Mercilus ,  JJ Watt is out for the season . A nice little pickup for Indianapolis . Former Steelers cornerback Deshea Townsend signed with the Indianapolis Colts . Giants WR Odell Beckham Jr . fractured his ankle . He could have surgery but no decision yet . Candidates to host Super Bowl XLVIII are New York ,  South Florida ,  and Tampa Bay.just a hunch ,  but something tells me NY's time is coming . Only want my two fantasy drafts in the next two weeks to go half as well as @jimcramer's fantasy draft tonight . He landed all blue chippers . Let's try again for proper days After his case of Hot Dog Envy on Sunday ,  Kobayashi is free Monday . Whew . RT @MIDmikeindenver @AdamSchefter is VY a go at QB for Titans ,  tomorrow  ?   ...  Expect him to play ,  yes . At running back ,  Broncos starting Knowshon Moreno . Randall Cobb back to Green Bay on a 4 year ,  40 million deal ,  per source . NFL filed today for an expedited appeal in Brady case . Lions sold out for Sunday   no blackout in Detroit . no . More details to come but Texans have reached agreement on a new contract with running back Arian Foster . More on ESPN . Parting ways with Jeff Fisher does not change the Vince Young situation . Team still plans to trade or release Vince Young . Rex Ryans likes his former Ravens . He visited today with DB Corey Ivy and former Jets Pro Bowl returner Justin Miller . Just found out ,  @OfficialBraylon . Hasselbeck tweeted Somebody ask Cromartie if he knows what CBA stands for ,  then deleted it . NFL now has announced its clubs have agreed to a new contract with Roger Goodell that extends his term as commissioner through 2018 season . Rams reached agreement on a one year deal with former Titans DE William Hayes ,  who reunites with Jeff Fisher . 3 games in NFL history with recorded temperature less than zero 2007 NFC Championship   1  ,  1981 AFC Champ   9  ,  1967 NFL Champ   13 .Jacksonvilles two GM finalists are Falcons director of player personnel Dave Caldwell and Cardinals director of player personal Steve Keim . Marcus Mariota told NFL it is important to him ,  personally and culturally ,  to be in Hawaii to celebrate next step in life . No draft for him . Cardinals HC Bruce Arians said he has no idea if RB Adrian Peterson will recover from his neck injury to play ag  . Sam Bradford apparently wasn't the only QB that starred tonight RT @JoshuaDuin @AdamSchefter Mr . Kraft  Pay the man  !  T . Brady1822 273 30 . And @Edwerderespn reports Ravens LB Ray Lewis is scheduled for an MRI on Monday to determine the severity of his triceps injury . Happy 70th birthday to Muhammad Ali . RT @JeffDarlington Karlos Dansby questions when NFL will go to flag football . We'll be counting to five Mississippi before 2012 ,  he said . A postcard from Titans camp ,  where @chrisjohnson28 is shooting for NFL single season rushing record . On each Raiders' helmet is a decal with the word AL.Nothing on holdout first round pick Jeremy Maclin ,  Eagles fans . And it might be a few more days . At least . Jacksonville ,  Miami ,  Tampa Bay ,  New York Jets all put in waiver claims for former Pats WR Taylor Price ,  who was awarded to Jaguars . Patriots downgraded LB Kyle Van Noy and DB Brandon King to out for Sunday . Busy week ahead for Seahawks   hosting visits with former Patriots TE Chris Baker and Saints RB Mike Bell . NE RB Dion Lewis needs clean up knee surgery that will sideline him indefinitely ,  as @globejimmcbride reports . Still could return this year . Much respect for @ChargersPRguy ,  via @sdutGehlken . All those Tony Romo bashers should note that on third downs last night   only third downs   Romo compiled a passer rating of 149.1.Those were Jeremy Shockey's first two touchdowns as a Saint . Long time coming . travels . First Time Eligibles For Pro Football Hall of Fame ,  Class of 2016QB Brett FavreWR Terrell OwensRB Clinton PortisOL Alan Faneca . RT @BigFysh Does that mean if Pats take him back ,  they could get two draft picks for him  ?   ...  If they got him now and he left again ,  yes . Eagles claimed QB Stephen Morris off waivers from Jacksonville he replaces Tim Tebow . Need a father's day gift and can't afford the Buffalo Bills  ?  How about Rick Reilly's new book Tiger Meet My Sister ?  Great read ... UCLA LB Myles Jack is visiting with Atlanta ,  where he was born . Jack's former UCLA DC ,  Jeff Ulbrich ,  is now the Falcons' LB coach . Bill O'Brien makes it official ,  rules out JJ Watt for rest of season after Thursday's back surgery . For only the 2nd time in his career   and the 1st since week 7 of 2004   WR Randy Moss was not targeted in a game . 0 targets ,  0 impact . Packers placed OT Mark Tauscher on injured reserve and re signed TE Spencer Havner . RT @ScottLovejoy Minot ,  ND is having the worst flood in over a 100 years . Could you help get the word out to donate  . Until this bus trip ,  I never realized how many Cracker Barrels there are . They're everywhere . RT @schadjoe As expected ,  Oklahoma DL Gerald McCoy announces he'll go pro  ...  and more from Oklahoma coming . RT @GKMcCoy Full cast here at Rams . So many famous college stars . Names like the great Suh ,  Everson Griffen ,  Jerry Hughes ,  Corey Wooten . Great line from Mike Tirico Super Bowl Sunday is the one day of the year when diamonds are a man's best friend . FSU standout RB Dalvin Cook declares for NFL draft . Chargers LB Jonas Mouton ,  a former 2nd rd pick and a Michigan man ,  is out for year with a torn ACL . Over his last four games ,  Jeremy Lin has 109 points ,  the most by a player in his first four career starts since NBA ABA merger in 1976 77.At No . 128 ,  Lions draft Miami OT Jason Fox . #nfldraft . RT @KingJames Never thought I'd say this about my Cowboys  they are officially the worst team in the NFL even though the Bills are winless  !  Corey Coleman gets hurt after 2 weeks in practice last year . Garrett not even to Week 1.Not a good sign . RT @SteelersPRBurt HC @CoachTomlin will provide statementupdate on @CortezAllen shortly on @steelers official website . Eagles relieve duties of defensive line coach Jim Washburn . Team hired Tommy Brasher as defensive line coach . On it goes ... What a great experience to go back to school . RT @ylichterman @AdamSchefter speaking at the @michigandaily  . Bucs releasing Darrelle Revis . Official . Cowboys' exec Stephen Jones says NFL should improve efficiency of investigations ...  Chargers parted ways with Special Teams Coordinator Kevin Spencer ,  the team announced . Vikings signed former Bears' DT Will Sutton . Cardinals announced they placed RB Chris Johnson on IR designated to return ,  meaning he is out a minimum of six weeks . Green Bay wins   and now can win NFC North with two more wins . Does Tennessee qualify  ?  RT @CruscoSports @AdamSchefter Adam who is a sleeper team to watch out for the remainder of the season  ?  RT @GAtallah Follow NBA insider @AdamSchefter for news ,  notes and analysis of the game .  ...  And in 2010 ,  LeBron will play in ...  That's a catch . Let's see if NY agrees . Now it's official Panthers announced they released WR Steve Smith . Free agent . And there it is RT @VikingsFootball Inactives B . Favre ,  P . Harvin ,  H . Baskett ,  T . Johnson ,  C . Cook ,  S . Hutchinson ,  F . Evans ,  & R . Edwards . Giants kicker Josh Brown not expected to appeal NFL decision to place him on Commissioner's Exempt List ,  per league source . Rumor circulating about intent of Anheuser Busch customer phone line and status of its NFL sponsorship is false ...  Colts claimed TE Chris Gronkowski on waivers today . Dallas reached agreement on a four year ,  32 million deal that included 17 million in guaranteed money with OT Doug Free . Let's let @DeAngeloRB's interview with First round pick Luke Kuechly get us ready for tonight's Giants Panthers game ...  Duron Carter ,  @criscarter80's son ,  is making his mark on the CFL before he goes to the NFL  . RT @BreakingNews URGENT   Mass shooting at Orlando high rise at least eight shot and more victims expected  . Eagles announced they have signed HC Andy Reid to a three year contract extension that will keep him in Philadelphia through 2013.A two hour Sunday NFL Countdown kicks off at 1030 am ET . Before we kick off our day of football ,  how about this from world of baseball Derek Jeter broke his ankle and is out of the postseason . Patriots RB Dion Lewis does not expect to play vs Jets due to abdomen injury ,  though team wants to test him one more time before final call . NFL Foundation will match Bob McNair and Texans' 1 million contribution to United Way Relief Fund for those impacted by Hurricane Harvey . Jets do not plan to release Tim Tebow before start of new league year in March and will hold on to him with slim hopes they can trade him . Gore needs 91 yards in final two quarters to break Adrian Peterson's single game rushing record ... Colts at Patriots on Saturday Chargers at Broncos on Sunday . Browns waived former Duke QB Thaddeus Lewis . RT @MikeMcCartney7 So Pryor loses over 100k for his 5 games and Coach Tressel loses 0 for his volunteer position  ?  How is this fair  ?  Jets also working out former Ravens K Billy Cundiff ,  per source . Idea is to upgrade competition for K Nick Folk . Eagles HC Andy Reid said WR Jeremy Maclin has a hip pointer injury that makes him uncertain to play Sunday vs . Baltimore . Former Bears first round pick John Thierry died Friday . He was 46. Former Bears OL Marcus Spears said Thierry suffered a heart attack . RT @Vinnie2884 Sideline him from what  ?   ...  From OTAs ,  minicamp . But after knee and foot surgery ,  Ingram expected back for training camp . Opening NFC wild card round 49ers at Packers ,  Saints at NFC East winner . Rams signed second round pick ,  OT Rodger Saffold ,  and sixth round pick ,  TE Fendi Onobun . And there was one   No . 1. Last one left . Bucs DT Gerald McCoy 'It's going to be an uproar' if players forced to stand.New England never has lost a playoff game under Bill Belichick when winning the turnover battle  15 0 .As of last night ,  the Dolphins were preparing to fire head coach Joe Philbin ,  per league sources . Dolphins owner ...  At No . 139 ,  Jets draft Kentucky FB John Conner . Leon Washington trade has to be coming soon . #nfldraft . The Lions 24 point comeback win ties for the largest deficit overcome in any game in franchise history . Valid thought RT @Genske    just cancel the game ,  don't risk injury to these guys ,  hotcoldhot plus wet and preseason   who cares  !  NFL commissioner Roger Goodell testified under oath Wednesday for two plus hours in Ray Rice's appeal hearing in ...  Guess here that former Rams QB Marc Bulger winds up either in Arizona or Pittsburgh ,  where he is from . For now it sounds like Denver's Elvis Dumervil will miss at least four months ,  but it could well be the season . Crushing blow for Broncos . Despite his sore ankle ,  WR Mike Sims Walker scheduled to start for the Jaguars . Broncos VP of Corporate Communications Jim Saccomano will be retiring after 2013 seasonhis 36th year with team . RT @JeffinPhx Buddy Ryan thinks Nick Folk's foot is gorgeous . Former 49ers WR Jeremy Kerley signing Jets on one year deal ,  per source . With Cody Kessler suffering another concussion ,  Browns expect to go back to starting QB Josh McCown . Titans HC Mike Munchak announced QB Jake Locker will start Friday night vs . Tampa Bay . For first time in 15 days ,  family's power has been restored . Hope all those still without it get it asap ,  before Chiefs hold an in game lead . RT @tunasweasel Don't forget We're letting you quarterback our new show ,  Audibles . @reply us an interesting NFL topic w #Audibles . 7p et . The District Attorney for Dallas County ,  Texas dismissed all of the charges that were filed against Bucs CB Aqib Talib in March ,  2011.Hangover best movie this summer . An all time top five Shawshank Redemption ,  Forrest Gump ,  The Fugivite ,  Bourne Identity ,  Life is Beautiful . Today's inactives Lions WR Calvin Johnson ,  Browns CB Joe Haden ,  Panthers WR Steve Smith . Actives Browns TE Jordan Cameron ,  RB Ray Rice . Since 2010 ,  New England has run 6,520 offensive plays . Only 96 of those have come with Rob Gronkowski and Tom Brady off the field . Tonight's head ref is Jim Core ,  who will be working with a crew he did not work with this preseason . Broncos signed free agent tackle Cyrus Kouandjio and placed tackle Menelik Watson  foot  on injured reserve . Patriots' TE Rob Gronkowski after Wednesday's practice It's just like any other week ,  except Tom's back at quarterback ,  baby.What former Wisconsin State Journal reporter Tom Mulhern learned during his 56 years . Jets making strong push to sign Seahawks free agent OT Breno Giacomini ,  who's on his way to visit team Wednesday . Eagles name Tom Gamble Vice President of Player Personnel . Pro Bowl return man Devin Hester has agreed to a one year deal with the Baltimore Ravens ,  league source tells ESPN . Hester will sign today . Jim Harbaugh is first coach in NFL history to take his team to AFCNFC Championship Game in each of his first 3 seasons ,  via Elias SB . Seahawks are giving DT Jason Jones 4.5M fully guaranteed with another 500k in performance incentives this year . Tell the Pats ... RT @dichi It amazes me that nobody can find out anything . How can injuries be kept so secret  ?  Fans have a right to know . Chiefs announced WR Dwayne Bowe signed his franchise tender . During his suspension ,  Aldon Smith can participate in team meetings and team activities ,  as @MikeGarafolo reported . New Orleans officially placed RB Mark Ingram on IR   out for year ,  per source . At No . 7 ,  Tampa Bay intends to take Alabama S Mark Barron . Giants DE Jason Pierre Paul is undergoing back surgery this morning in LA with Dr . Watkins . Belief is he should be ready for September . All these years coming to Indy ,  and I just found Patachou on the Park . What a great breakfast spot . You have to come here @SIPeterKing . Rams releasing Marc Bulger is the latest piece of evidence that Oklahoma QB Sam Bradford is going to be the No . 1 overall pick . Didn't win Powerball . Gotta keep grinding . Uh oh RT @GAtallah We're not predicting ,  but preparing . RT @darrenrovell1 It is way too early to predict a lockout   we're not even close . RT @JeffDarlington S Ryan Clark just arrived for first free agent visit with Dolphins . He told me he hopes to sign . Friday 10 Spot on Saturday Peyton Manning ,  @RGIII ,  and what Cleveland got back for WR Julio Jones . Congratulations to my friend Jackson George on his acting debut in The Vatican Tapes  . And there it is ,  Darrelle Revis ,  pen to paper . A Cowboy Christmas Philadelphia helps Dallas ,  beats Giants ,  clinches homefield advantage for the Cowboys throughout the playoffs . Baltimore signed RB Terrance West off its practice squad and on to 53 man roster . Saints interim HC Joe Vitt on Drew Brees ,  who still is a no show He'll be here . What else is he going to do  ?  He can't sing or dance.Cowboys released TE Martin Rucker and signed veteran cornerback Frank Walker . A memento of the tremendous weekend with @Bestbuddies  @WesWelker's job is safe  ...  Who would have guessed Seattle has scored more points this season  306  than New Orleans  305 .RT @JoeClark7 How long before results are typically announced  ?   ...  It'll be moments after the pick of Pryor is made . Patriots go from pick 64 in second round to pick 72 in third round and get Kony Ealy . RT @espnnfl  Agent Kurt Warner has no desire to return to NFL despite efforts that were made  . #KnowThemFromAdamESPN's Mel Kiper Jr . and Todd McShay look ahead to 2018 draft and their offseasonLISTEN  . Broncos and Chargers fighting 40 minutes before kickoff . Rare on field fracas before kickoff . Wow . Should be a great game  !  Updated Chargers RB Ryan Mathews will not play today vs . Titans . Please welcome the Broncos new Exec VP of Football Operations   and great hope   @johnelway to Twitter . Using his base salary of 11.75M ,  Adrian Peterson forfeits 4,147,058.82 for being suspended without pay for the rest of this season . Dolphins OT Laremy Tunsil slipped getting out of shower at local team hotel Sunday ,  ankle swelled ,  couldn't play ,  as @andyslater reported . RT @UB32UNC Sources say Bob Sanders breaks hand signing wChargers ,  out for season .  ...  False . One year deal signed without incident . And one week from tonight ,  the regular season kicks off . Green Bay at Seattle . Former Texans S Kendrick Lewis reached agreement on a three year deal with the Baltimore Ravens ,  per league sources . Eagles name Jim Washburn ,  formerly of the Tennessee Titans ,  as their new defensive line coach . Great hire . One year ago ,  Redskins thought John Beck would be their starting QB . One year later ,  Beck haas been released . Battling a strained hamstring . RT @THEKyleMoffatt @AdamSchefter what's the deal with Lance Moore this year  ?  RT @AntonioPierce Good luck to teams playing outside today . I remember what that felt like in GB 2007. That was 1 time thing . #neveragain . Round 6 and 7 is where draft got away from me . Leon Washington and Donnie Avery . NFL fined Packers LB Clay Matthews 15,000 for hitting 49ers QB Colin Kaepernick out of bounds . Hakeem Nicks told his HC he'll be back soon .  'I'll be back for training camp' were his final words ,  Tom Coughlin told reporters . He's got a big fine coming and mayne more . RT @MrPieczynski @AdamSchefter What's the latest on Dante Wesley and the consequences  ?  One other WR RT @rstukenborg @AdamSchefter you also left Brandon Jones off the list of injured WRs   he's out wfractured shoulder . Mike Shanahan and Bob Slowik standing by Steelers defense ,  studying how the world champs do their thing . So Giants get a one year deal done with former Seahawks CB Walter Thurmond still scheduled to meet today with Dominique Rodgers Cromartie . Megatron . Megadeal . Jets inactives include RBs LaDainian Tomlinson and Shonn Greene ,  CBs Darrelle Revis and Antonio Cromartie . Big Joe McKnight day . This week's cover of ESPN The Magazine  . EJ Manuel went 6 8 as the Bills starter ,  meaning Doug Flutie  21 9  is the only Bills' QB with a winning record since Jim Kelly retired . Filed to ESPN Lions reached agreement with WR Calvin Johnson on a seven year ,  132 million extension that includes 60 million guaranteed . For anyone who missed it it's a 10 year labor deal . With NO opt outs . Labor peace through the 2021 draft ,  at least . Dolphins home game vs . Buccaneers ,  originally scheduled for Sunday at 1 p.m . ET at Hard Rock Stadium ,  will not be played in Miami on Sunday . Just remember ,  even the great John Elway lined up behind a guard during his rookie year . Fact of the day RT @josheisner Steinbrenner died a winner   he even beat Uncle Sam . By dying in 2010 ,  he avoids federal estate taxes . Nebraska DT Ndamukong Suh is visiting Tampa today and will be in St . Louis to visit with the Rams on Wednesday . Dallas now calling around for other RBs . Cowboys know they've lost DeMarco Murray to the Eagles . Suspension on Marshall is for rest of preaseason . If he behaves during that time ,  Broncos can bring him back for regular season opener . Vikings' QB Teddy Bridgewater ,  who sustained a concussion last Sunday ,  has been cleared and is ready to play vs Raiders ,  per @GoesslingESPN . DVR set for ESPN tonight at 8 for Swoopes and Thursday at 8 For This is SportsCenter Top 50 Countdown of commercials . Tweet ,  and decision ,  of the month . Respect ... #KnowThemFromAdamTexans HC Bill OBrien on drafting Deshaun Watson and recruiting Saquon Barkley ...  Bears are releasing QB Jay Cutler ,  per sources . Cutler asked for and was granted his release this morning . Now a free agent . James Harrison's agent ,  Bill Parise ,  said as well as his client's visit went with Cardinals ,  he is not expected to sign there . Friday football preview ,  my weekly 10 Spot  . After today's win in Oakland ,  Chiefs HC Andy Reid now 16 2 after bye . No coach any tougher after break . 49ers formula for winning SF is 5 0 this season when Frank Gore gets more than 15 carries and 0 6 when he doesn't  DNP in 2 games .After studying each of Dak Prescott's 131 NFL pass attempts ,  Bengals do not believe the Cowboys' QB has thrown a single bad pass this season . Giants ,  Lions ,  Panthers and Chiefs each got their first win of this season against the Redskins . Despite not practicing all week ,  Washington OT Trent Williams is active . RB Rob Kelley inactive . Kudos to Steve Sabol and the NFL Films staff that does great work as evidenced by this RT @ProFootballTalk NFL Films wins 100th Sports Emmy . Panthers strongly considering placing RB DeAngelo Williams on IR ,  as early as today . Strained arch might be too much to overcome this year . Giants better be careful taking a knee . RIP RT @ArmenKeteyian Passing of Don Coryell will be State funeral in San Diego . The Quacker ,  as he was known to intimates ,  was pure genius . Surprise cut of day Ravens released RB Justin Forsett ,  league source tells ESPN . Falcons reached agreement with CB Desmond Trufant on a contract extension ,  per source . Trufant staying in ATL long term . Mike Shanahan's summary of what you can learn about Fantasy Football during the July 17 18 @FantasyCombine in ...  Bucs LB Angelo Crowell tore his biceps Saturday night   looks like he's done for the season . And the war of attrition goes on . RT @cblockd Hey Adam is Antonio Gates playing sir plz plz plz respond .  ...  Didn't practice this week . Questionable . Sounds gametime . TY ,  TY . Vikings TE Kyle Rudolph is active 49ers RB Brandon Jacobs is inactive . beverages . Can't just give a shout out to my Twitter friend ,  @gregjennings . Have to call out my bus buddy ,  @Jonathanstewar1. Good men . Those who know soon to be former Raiders QB Carson Palmer believe he was hoping to wind in Tampa Bay with Bucs . Doesn't look that way now . Bears official just confirmed   Jay Cutler out for Chicago . RT @BradBiggs Todd Collins will start at QB for Bears Sunday . friend . Confession Having your Twitter account cited in an NFL fine letter has to be as fun as scoring a touchdown and donning a sombrero . Larry King on Colin Cowherd saying NFL is being laughed at with replacenent officials ,  league is being cheap. King going to town on NFL . Steelers are preparing for Ben Roethlisberger to start Sunday vs . Cincinnati . Fitzpatrick versus Texans . RT @AlbanyInsurance @AdamSchefter Any Trent Edwards v . Fitzpatrick news from the B Lo  ?  RT @SportsCenter Buccaneers release DT Albert Haynesworth  started 6 games in 2011 after being waived by Pats .  ...  End of line for him  ?  Investigation of domestic violence assault involving Johnny Manziel now referred to the Dallas DA's office for presentation to grand jury . New England Patriots announced the signing of unrestricted free agent wide receiver Anthony Gonzalez today . Bucs RB Doug Martin called Muscle Hamster worst nickname ever . Got a better suggestion  ?  Former Broncos' DT David Moala agreed to terms with the Arizona Cardinals ,  per @seanstellato . RT @dg0370a Is the NewtonS . Smith connection for real  ?   ...  Have you watched them  ?  Absolutely . Eagles' fans of all kinds want answers to the same question  . Former Chiefs C Casey Wiegmann visited KC . Giants placed a waiver claim for former Raiders OT Joe Barksdale ,  who was awarded to Rams . Such fight ,  such disappointment . A great run from @ussoccer ends with a greater game from Belgium . Well done ,  men . The Tom Burgess tour continues . The British rugby star ,  who worked out for Giants last week ,  tried out for both Jets and Bills ,  per source . RT @dsrsleepy Thought one game per year due to ESPN locking you in a cage with only water and blackberry .  ...  Didn't want to bring that up . RT @bryanbrackney any truth about Jeff Garcia and Cleo Lemon tryouts &lt  False . No tryouts planned for either in Pittsburgh right now . Great to be back in Chicago ... love this city . ESPN producer Blair Soden went to Virgin Islands ,  was supposed to return Saturday but got stranded there due to snowstorm  likely excuse .Eagles WR Riley Cooper and CB Cary Williams had to be separated today at practice ...  Packers exec Brian Gutekunst has decided to remain in Green Bay and not pursue 49ers GM job ,  per source . Three players attended funerals yesterday Dez Bryant  dad  ,  James Winchester  dad  ,  Telvin Smith  brother . All expected to be active today . Cardinals ,  Panthers and Chiefs did not win a game during this preseason only 1 team has gone winless in preseason and won SB   Redskins . RT @darrenrovell Paterno's new win count is 298.  ...  12th all time . Some top names available today Miami RB Lamar Miller ,  Michigan St . QB Kirk Cousins ,  Oklahoma LB Ronnell Lewis and Ole Miss OT Bobby Massie . This season's 1st 10 spot Why the Bills ,  Browns ,  Jags ,  Chiefs ,  Redskins ,  Lions ,  Bucs or Rams will win their division  . Warriors were down 3 games to 1 ,  then 13 points in Game 6 ,  and 13 more in Game 7 ... and overcame every deficit and obstacle in their way . Cowboys are guaranteed a top 4 pick with a loss . They havent picked in top 4 since 1991 ,  when they took DT Russell Maryland 1st overall . RT @ericwinston Please send thoughts and prayers to @ShuttleCDRKelly whose wife  Congresswoman Gifford  was attacked today . She is fighting . Bills RB CJ Spiller broke his collarbone ,  as @jasonlacanfora also reported . Value of 12 Computer models now give Packers a 5.5% chance to make the playoffs ,  down from 88 percent before Aaron Rodgers was injured . RT @jtrott54 adam when do you ACTUALLY sleep  ?   ...  When I forget to charge my human android battery ,  which is 3 hours about once per week . This is Trey and Frank .. Adam has left flank open . RT @caplannfl Nice job by Florio here Team by team look at who wouldcouldshould betagged  . Chiefs released WR Devard Darling and RB Dantrell Savage . Colts now have signed former Ravens LB coach Ted Monachino as defensive coordinator . Doctors operated on Ben Roethlisbergers right meniscus . Same procedure done on left knee 7 years ago   knee perfect since . 49ers waived S Chris Maragos   at the worst time . Imagine the flight home from London after being told you've been released . Brutal . ESPNNY Jets LB Quinton Coples fractured his ankle ,  could miss about a month . On it goes . Bears announced they terminated the contract of vested veteran WR Johnny Knox today . Filed to ESPN Patriots released CB Shawn Springs today . Team has not ruled out re signing him ,  but for now sides seperating . Filed to ESPN Former Eagles RT Jon Runyan en route to San Diego to try to work out a deal with the Chargers . RT @smslatts Any word if teams put a claim on Al Harris  ?   ...  Nobody did . Nobody wanted 2.5 million contract . Now free to sign anywhere . Coby Fleener and Andrew Luck together again . Judge Doty has overturned Adrian Peterson decision and Peterson now will be reinstated ,  per source . Browns announced they signed both their 1st round picks ,  DL Danny Shelton and OL Cameron Erving . Love when coaches do this means a lot . RT @espnnfl Ken Whisenhunt ,  Gary Kubiak will visit troops on USO tour  . 1,000 more followers closer to @TheEllenShow ,  which our Twitter family will try to hunt down . Remember Asomugha's contract is a burden . It has one year ,  16 million left and strong provisions preventing him from being franchised . Carolina unbeaten no more . Champagne corks popping in Miami . Question is not whether deal will be done this week bit whether Manning now is a member of the 100 million QB Club . If not ,  he's very close . RT @EricStangel Dick Jauron fired as Bills coach . And this was inappropriate   as he left ,  Titans owner Bud Adams gave him the finger . Chargers expected to exercise option for L.A . move ,  sources say . 49ers inactives include WR Ted Ginn and RB Brandon Jacobs . Valid point . RT @icrvn @AdamSchefter  Always bugged by references to Dallas' triplets. It was as if Novacek was a nonentity to some . Darrelle signed six year ,  96 million deal with Bucs . This year he will make 16 million . Makes 16 million each year . Ripped up old deal . And @RashadJennings tweeted that he's signing with the Oakland Raiders . Steelers have re signed veteran quarterback Charlie Batch to a one year contract ,  the team announced today . RT @SkinnyDip why is O.J . becoming a F.A so late  ?   ...  Clause in contract that allowed him to become a FA after June 1.Jacksonville debated Jalen Ramsey and Myles Jack with fifth overall pick . Wound up with both of them . A touching column from Rick Reilly on a child with an inoperable brain tumor who called plays for the Ravens .    12 Steelers DB coach Ray Horton is scheduled to meet with Cardinals in AZ today to try to finalize deal to become defensive coordinator . Value of Sean McVay Rams have scored 263 points in 8 games ,  surpassing total from all of last season when they scored NFL worst 224 points . Falcons and their HC Dan Quinn reached agreement on a 5 year contract ,  per source . Quinn is expected to fly to Atlanta with Falcons today . Chargers reached agreement on a one year deal with former Chiefs CB Brandon Flowers ,  as @JasonLaCanfora reported . Here's a thought on T.O.'s injury . RT @AdamLedet @adamschefter Somebody call a toe truck for T.O . Please  !  Question to someone in the know Ryan Mathews still signing with the Eagles  ?  Answer We shall see.Chiefs released QB Matt Cassel . Pls consider donating to Jordana Rubin  THON   annual 46 hour dance marathon at Penn St . to end pediatric cancer . Ocho My cardio and my conditioning right now is ridiculous . I could probably go through Tour de France with Lance Armstrong and last.RT @JHScramble is mike Hart playing or not  ?   ...  Nope . Mike Hart inactive . RT @schwincat05  @AdamSchefter the browns broncos Brady Quinn deal never happened bc there wasn't a backup Jets player involved . Raiders have placed first round pick ,   CB DJ Hayden ,  on IR . Arizona lost this game   and its season   when it declined to pay Marc Bulger the money that Baltimore did . Cards QB Derek Anderson has play time incentives that raise his 2011 base salary 1.25 million ,  making it less likely he returns to Arizona . Some better WR options out there Matt Jones ,  Reggie Williams ,  Marvin Harrison and anyone willing to role dice on Plaxico . Seahawks CEO Tod Leiweke in Minnesota tonight ,  trying to interview Vikings DC Leslie Frazier ,  who is undecided whether to interview . Two teams to watch on CB Darrelle Revis once Tampa releases him Philadelphia and New England  Jets fans shudder .Check out newest @ESPNMondayNight commercial ,  Andrew Luck Welcome to the New Age  . Some positive QB developments for Minnesota  . 49ers anounced Gideon Yu has been named President and Co Owner . Yu was the Chief Financial Officer of both Facebook and YouTube . Brees is planning to play tonight vs Dallas expected to be out there . Aware of reports that it's a heart attack ,  and it could be . But one person familiar with case said Adams' family is investigating cause . Detroit weighs in   Lions released CB Phillip Buchanon . Mike Zimmer said Teddy Bridgewater is sedated and he is going through an MRI now . 49ers announced they have signed RB Jarryd Hayne to their practice squad . MRI tonight for @RGIII . Buccaneers QB Jameis Winston signed a 4 year ,  25.35 million deal that includes a 16.69 million signing bonus ,  per source . RT @JWspeaks Wes Welker didn't tippy toe around ,  or put foot in mouth at presser . After all ,  it's not football without the word foot  !  Finally and officially Scot McCloughan reached agreement to become Redskins GM . Love the NFL  ?  Love human interest stories  ?  Got Kleenex  ?  Catch my friend @ReillyRick's 1 hour special tonight @ 10 pm ET ,  ESPN2. Great tales . RT @DonteWhitner Who Dey  !  Difference in Cincy Andy Dalton is the first quarterback since Kurt Warner in 2000 to start 4 0 and average at least 10 yards per attempt . Russell Wilson has become a member of the Wilson Sporting Goods Advisory Staff . Just as there is Johnson  Johnson ,  there's Wilson  Wilson . Watching the latest DVRd 30 for 30 series on ESPN . Another truly standout effort . Al Davis with Ice Cube   priceless . RT @KingOfDaVille QB or wide out or RB for the browns  ?   ...  My sense today ,  subject to change ,  is Richardson . Robert Kraft's commencement address this weekend at Yeshiva University . Denver traded OT Ty Sambrailo traded to Atlanta for a 2018 fifth round pick ,  per source . With Peyton Manning out at least the next couple weeks ,  Broncos expected to work out QB Christian Ponder on Wednesday . Not to distract from the hoops tournament or anything ,  but the NFL draft is five weeks from tonight . Yeah ,  baby  !  RT @toedog10 Great new NFL phrase RT @MattMaiocco GPS game  a game on a team's sked that provides an exact location of where it stands . Broncos officially signed free agent defensive end DeMarcus Ware . Depends on how Bears backers play ...  RT @84GONZO @AdamSchefter So no Derrick Brooks for the Bears  ?  Is it really on hold or is it dead  ?  Colts making a surprise Sunday roster move ,  releasing center Brian Schwenke ,  per source . A hometown editorial on Dez Bryant  . For former Dolphins CB Vontae Davis ,  Colts surrendered a second round pick and a conditional late round pick in 2013.Far less than chances he'd ever play there . RT @kevhooker @AdamSchefter what do you think the chances of @terrellowens staying in buffalo  ?  He told Dan Snyder he definitely wants to try . RT @SBDeardorff @AdamSchefter do u see Samuels coming back another year  ?  RT @miketirico From ESPN Stats and Info Lions 4 prime time games this year equals the number of prime time appearances the prior 11 years . Redskins signed three free agents  tackle Sean Locklear ,  center Donovan Raiola and punter Sav Rocca . ESPN's NFL Power Rankings 49ers ,  Ravens and Bears all drop within top 10. Bills announced they signed their 1st rd pick EJ Manuel to a five year deal . TE Dennis Pitta ,  WR Jeremy Maclin ,  CB Aaron Berry ,  WR Armon Binns each done for year before preseason snap is taken . Wishing you and yours a very Merry Christmas ...  Broncos officially named former Browns GM Tom Heckert as their director of pro personnel . While NFL season kicks off ,  Brett Favre kicks back . Vick not as close as he said to deal . Sense on Vick is ,  he might not sign with another team till someone suffers a notable preseason injury . RT @mortreport Trent Richardson deal done ,  per sources . 4 yrs 20.4 mill fully guaranteed . 13.6 sign bonus . Chris Johnson joins Jim Brown and Adrian Peterson as only backs to rush for 1,000 yards and average 6.4 yards per carry in first 9 games . Gary Kubiak said DeMarcus Ware has a ruptured disc in his back and will undergo surgery Friday . Since Week 3 ,  Drew Brees  5  ,  Raiders P Marquette King  27  and Tom Brady  29  are among those with more rush yards than Russell Wilson  3 .Lions RB Kevin Smith is active and will start . Filed to ESPN Free agent wide receiver Malcolm Floyd reached agreement with the Chargers on a two year deal . So if Philadelphia decides to sign Tim Tebow ,  he would be reunited with Mark Sanchez . And Kansas City has traded the pick to Cleveland . Sirius' @PatKirwanRFN on whether Seattle will sign Colin Kaepernick I don't think that's going to happen.Please help fundraising push this week for @bestbuddies programs for people w intellectual disabilities . Donate at  . James Farrior's agent ,  @RalphCindrich ,  reporting that his client has been cut from Pittsburgh . Rough 24 hours Steelers S Ryan Mundy was fined 10,000 for unnecessary roughness vs . Raiders ,  his 4th quarter helmet to helmet hit . Seahawks S Earl Thomas will be out for season and will not return for postseason ,  no matter how far Seattle advances . Jets QB Tim Tebow is active and the backup . Jets QB Greg McElroy is inactive . Browns DT Phil Taylor will have MRI Friday ,  visit doctor Mon . IF pectoral is torn ,  would need surgery and likely sideline him 4 to 6 months . Former Steelers LB LaMarr Woodley agreed to a two year deal with the Oakland Raiders with a max value of 12 million dollars.So Patriots QB Tom Brady hit one car and hit it big ,  all in one day . Quite a day . After second opinion in LA ,  Raiders LT Jared Veldheer has decided to undergo surgery on his partially torn triceps Friday . Falcons ruled out RB Tevin Coleman  hamstring  for Thursday night game vs Tampa . show .. Nuggets' G Emmanuel Mudiay has 24 points tonight ... through the first quarter . Lions QB Matthew Stafford underwent shoulder surgery today . Team expects him to be ready for training camp . Broncos RB Ronnie Hillman was expected to miss at least 2 weeks with foot injury ,  but it also could be as many as 6 weeks ,  per sources . One more free agent QB ...  As if it couldn't be worse for Denver . RT @fredman80  @BroncosForums KOA radio is reporting Moreno has a knee sprain and will get an MRI . Where the bookcase used to be in what's left of my office . Office is now on IR ,  out at least 10 days . RT @mortreport RT @AdamJohnB Carson Palmer's house going up for sale  . Connor Cook will become first QB in Super Bowl era  since 1966  to make first career start in a postseason game . Who knew that Ditka got his glasses from the character in UP ,  as @FootballGuys pointed out  ?  A postcard from Westminster ,  Md. ,  and Ravens camp .  From The New York Times Magazine ,  The Lives They Lived . And this man lived . Courtesy of ESPN's Chris Sprow ,  the Ansel Adams of departing QB marketing photography ,  on what is taking place in ...  RT @DRRoleModel Are the Chiefs going to get Tannehill  ?   ...  Not unless they're moving on up . pt . RT @BradGinter @AdamSchefter Kellen Winslow to Cincinnati for players and picks to be named later  ?  &lt  Better chance of me being traded . RT @jchemtob Len bias doesn't make the cut  ?   ...  Makes mine . Way up there . But not the biggest . Eagles signed WR Alshon Jeffery to a four year ,  52 million deal ,  per source ,  that also includes another 1 ...  Andy Reid on Travis Kelce Travis has got a slightly sprained ankle ,  not a high ankle sprain . Theres a chance ,  ...  Redskins TEs Fred Davis and Jordan Reed unlikely to play today . Opens opportunities for TE Logan Paulsen . My fantasy team AJ Green ,  Giovani Bernard ,  CJ Prosise.My decimated fantasy team thanks them and wishes them a very speedy recovery . Broncos placing former first round pick ,  LB Shane Ray  wrist  ,  on injured reserve but plan to bring him back mid season ,  per source . In regards to Terrell Suggs lawsuit ,  not only was the case dismissed but the Ravens LB did not have to pay the woman any money   zero . Kyle Shanahan said RB Carlos Hyde will be limited in practice this week due to a hip injury . Peyton Manning ,  another year older ,  turns 36 today . On day Bengals lost Manny Lawson ,  Cincinnati free agent LB Rey Maualuga is visiting the Arizona Cardinals . Big morning on Sportscenter . It's @JoshElliottESPN's swan song ,  his farewell . He's off to Good Morning America and off to more greatness . For RGIII ,  a final game in DC . Jets are likely to sign former 49ers WR Jason Hill . More on Tony Romo leaving football to go into broadcasting on SportsCenter now ,  then @MikeAndMike . RT @MoveTheSticks    Leinart vs Young ...  Think I've seen this one before &lt  And with LenDale White playing with Young this time . NFL fined Ravens LB Terrell Suggs 8,268 for his late hit on Steelers RB LeGarrette Blount . Less than a week after bringing back former Packers QB Brett Favre ,  Vikings are planning on signing former Packers WR Javon Walker today . Your judgement is seriously flawed ,  @AshokaESPN . Beyond boring and unhip . Well ,  we know who's NOT going to appear on Dancing With The Stars . #Truth . Knicks plan to use this weekend to recruit free agents  ?  Coldest temps in NY the past two decades could leave a lasting chill on those plans . A great read on Michael Crabtree . And I mean ,  great . Former Redskins OC Sherman Smith will interview today with the Seattle Seahawks for their running backs coach job . Rob Gronkowski's big adventure ...  Not big surprise but Mike Glennon will start at QB today vs . Vikings . Also ,  WR Vincent Jackson ,  listed as questionable ,  will be active . Chargers hired Tom Telesco as GM . To clear out two roster spots for the two players they claimed ,  the Browns also placed TE Steve Heiden and P Dave Zastudil on IR . A surprise for todays big game Patriots WR Chris Hogan not expected to play vs Steelers as he continues ...  RT @TonyGrossi Browns DC Rob Ryan does not appear to be staying . Been out of the mix and out of the office despite being under contract . Browns sources are baffled as to why Josh Gordon ruling has taken so long and frustrated over where it could ...  Broncos adamant they won't give Marshall either . Standoff . Could be ugly . But it has been ugly ,  with Marshall trying to get what he wants . Didn't used to be this way ,  but Loser of tonight's Seattle at San Francisco game will be in sole possession of last place in NFC West . Every week is now a how did he and they do that game . Holy Tebow . Ravens reach agreement with former Cowboys CB Brandon Carr on four year deal . Giants guard Chris Snee and tackle David Diehl have been added to the NFC Pro Bowl team . AFC playoff picture with three games to go 1. Patriots 2. Broncos 3. Colts 4. Bengals 5. Steelers 6. Chargers . 1st breaking news this am Ravens HC John Harbaugh just walked into hotel gym  saw ,  spoke with him . He slept well . He's excited . Who's not  ?  Arian Foster had another lower body ,  soft tissue injury . Injuries just piled up   too many . So after a great run ,  Arian Foster is retiring . No surprise ,  but Seahawks WR Percy Harvin officially ruled out of Sunday's NFC Championship Game . Please help @CurtisMartin28 raise money for my high school to benefit Hurricane Sandy victims ...  And the TV piece of the day goes to @djsteveporter for his remix on the NFL draft . Loved it . Tremendous . Watching New England practice right now with my new friend @bonesaw  ,  who will be included in today's Patriots postcard . Colts waived tight end Weslye Saunders ,  who had been suspended for eight games . Chargers HC Mike McCoy said rookie LB Manti Teo has a foot sprain and will be out this week . Lions QB Matthew Stafford was part of interview w Ravens OC Jim Caldwell and is expected to speak to other candidates ,  he told Mitch Albom . Teams that trailed by 17 points in the fourth quarter this season were 0 98.Giants' plane didn't leave Dallas until after 4 am due to a mechanical issue . Adds insult to injury ... Rams signed former Packers LB Brady Poppinga . Eagles OT Jason Peters practiced for first time today after tweaking a hamstring on 1st day . Redskins announced that they have signed free agent kicker Justin Medlock to a futures contract . Former Washington GM Scot McCloughan thinks Colin Kaepernick is good enough to start this season ...  Now looks like a three year agreement between the Washington Redskins and WR DeSean Jackson . Summer nights are for taking your kids for ice cream ,  and watching them grow ice cream mustaches.Tremendous . Ravens and former Broncos DE Elvis Dumervil reached agreement ,  as Denver Post reported . Despite being listed as questionable with a hip injury ,  Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski is expected to play Sunday vs . Buffalo . More on Manziel  . Call me a skeptic   which I almost never am ,  truly   but something about this Balloon Boy story seems like a scam . Remember when the Texans started Tom Savage  ?  This is even more challenging and daunting than Bears TE Brandon Manumaleuna  RT @JFLANland Say it with me now Ho OH ma NOW uh nu ee . Patriots love them some Rutgers . In third round ,  Patriots took Rutgers CB Logan Ryan and Rutgers S Duron Harmon . From @mortreport Rams plan to hire Gregg Williams as their defensive coordinator to replace Tim Walton . Interesting that J.P . Losman signed a one year contract with the Raiders . Gives them three weeks to get a glimpse of potential QB of future . Giants signed LB Jasper Brinkley ,  who was released Monday  by the Cowboys ,  the team NY plays Sunday night . We have a trade Jacksonville traded safety Anthony Smith to Green Bay . Smith was scheduled to start Monday night . We remember Al Davis ,  Dave Duerson ,  Mike Heimerdinger ,  John Mackey ,  Chester McGlockton ,  Lee Roy Selmon ,  Jim Mandich ,  Joe Perry ,  Ron Springs . Bills deactivate WRs Roscoe Parrish and James Hardy ,  but get your popcorn ready . T.O . active and starting . Ravens officialy have hired former Patriots DC Dean Pees as their new linebackers coach . So in one night ,  Bears cut their all time leading scorer ,  Robbie Gould ,  and add the Packers' former Pro Bowl guard ,  Josh Sitton . Busy ... Packers free agent RB Eddie Lacy scheduled to visit Vikings and Seahawks . RT @darrenrovell1 Manhattan DA Robert Morganthau holding a 130 pm ET presser 2 announce the fate of Giants WR Plaxico Burress . More from ESPNElias Since Brady's first season ,  Pats have converted 59.1 percent of fourth downs in their own territory   13 of 22.Jets announced they fired GM Mike Tannenbaun and are keeping HC Rex Ryan . Email from locked out official officials still have not been notified by our leadership . I'll believe it when I hear it from them.Insiders discuss Brandon Marshall signing with Giants ,  Tony Romo's scheduled release and the free agency frenzy.Touche . RT @GlennGiangrande @degs99 The Yankees lost game 7 of the 2004 ALCS to Boston on Mickey Mantle's birthday . Omens are meaningless . RT @stevehebert @AdamSchefter couldn't disagree with @chuckg4509 more . Chuck is missing the point of twitter .  Wouldn't it figure Broncos QB Peyton Manning is scheduled to play this season in New England against the Patriots . #PrimeTimeSpecial . NFL's Twitter account was hacked . Roger Goodell is working away . Bills officially signed QB Kevin Kolb . Words of the day . RT @davegoldberg84 A labor dispute is not Armageddon . It is not war . It is 2 groups who have let passion overcome reason . Asked about a timetable for Mario Williams' return ,  Doug Marrone said Our medical staffs going to evaluate him . So I dont know.Turned into Legion of Wound Earl Thomas played with torn labrum ,  Richard Sherman with torn elbow ligaments ,  Kam Chancellor with  torn MCL . Eagles announced they acquired RB Jerome Harrison from Cleveland for RB Mike Bell . Need a name for your fantasy football team  ?  Check out @bestfantasyname . Love I Ansah To No One.My day was just made . The champ ,  @Miketyson ,  just DMd me . Only thing better would be a DM from Lebron telling where he's signing . Players not happy . RT @ChrisJohnson28..THE NFL TRIPPIN THEY NEED TO LET MIKE VICK PLAY HE ALREADY BEEN IN JAIL 2 YEARS DAMN WTF IM UPSET . Jeff Fisher announced Chris Long will undergo ankle surgery . Will miss some significant time . Marcus Mariota officially will start Mike Mularkey's first game as Titans' interim HC Sunday vs Saints . Lions announced they have released LB Stephen Tulloch . Jets have signed OT Ryan McKee to the active roster from their practice squad . RT @jonamo22 I'm a sports journalism student at #IU ,  any advice  ?   ...  Read and write 30 minutes every day ,  work for  ...  Sign by 1117 ,  trade after March 1 RT @FirstCavTommy whats real deal just read 49ers have to trade Crabtree by 1019 or sign him by 1120.RT @AZLionsfan Is Pat any relation to old time Packers DC Fritz Shurmur  ...  His nephew . Known Mr . Holmgren a long time . Top 10 ,  I'd say . RT @alexsimson @AdamSchefter is Nick Collins a top five safety  ?  Scorecard   130 a.m. Baby up crying . 230 a.m Baby back to sleep . 445 Baby back up . 515 Baby sleep . Now Daddy's ass kicked . Wiped . Band together ,  tweeps . With over 9,000 followers ,  we are not stopping till we reach the @TheEllenShow  !  Let's all wish a very happy 44th birthday to Hangover co star @MikeTyson . Redskins HC Mike Shanhan said WR Pierre Garcon is doubtful for Sunday . Drew Brees and Matt Ryan will face off against each other today for the 19th time ,  which trails only Jim Kelly vs D  . Saints DT Sedrick Ellis could miss anywhere between four and six weeks with sprained knee . He'll try to return sooner ,  but it won't be easy . So it's Tim Tebow and Mark Sanchez as teammates once again ... Former Dolphins and Broncos QB Zac Dysert also is signing with Cardinals' practice squad ,  per source . Packers CB Sam Shields  concussion  ,  LT David Bakhtiari  ankle  cleared to play against Cardinals . Bills' RB Fred Jackson  hamstring  ,  and WRs Sammy Watkins  glute  ,  Robert Woods  hip  and Marcus Easley  knee  returned to practice today . Broncos waivedinjured second year running back Ryan Torain ,  who at one time had a bright future with the team . Cowboys WR Terrance Williams ,  listed as questionable with ankle injury ,  is expected to play vs Denver ,  per source . RT @mortreport No face to face negotiations set for Fri Mediator meets separately with both sides decision to be made on 7 to 10 day ext . Gronk and Gronk ...  In 2016 Bears had NFL low snaps for original team draft picks prior to 2015  pre PaceFox . Bears had 2,857. Next CLE 3,347. NFL Avg 7,933 . Texans have re signed restricted free agent SS Bernard Pollard ,  the team announced . Turns out that Brandon Lloyd is not the only Broncos WR on the trade block . Eddie Royal also is . Each player in last year of his contract . Vikings HC update ...  RT @caplannfl Bengals DC Mike Zimmer is expected to have his 2nd interview with the Vikings early next week . Will get to see my Twitter buddy in Miami   Bengals WR @OGOchocinco replaces injured Patriots WR Wes Welker in the Pro Bowl . Florida State's compliance department is looking into whether Jameis Winston signed more than 340 items for an ...  Ravens HC John Harbaugh on Browns QB Brady Quinn We think hes dangerous and on his way to becoming a great quarterback in this league.Trevor Siemian in line to become first QB to start a defending Super Bowl champ's season opener with 0 NFL career pass attempts to his name . More inactives Cowboys DTs Jay Ratliff and Kenyon Coleman ,  SS Gerald Sensabaugh ,  Rams DT Michael Brockers ,  Colts LB Dwight Freeney . Kyle Orton had one INT in his first seven games ,  then had three Monday night  two in the 4th qtr when he had a zero QB rating . Anyone care to debate the results of this year's Westiminster Dog Show  ?  Former Cowboys DC and Eagles assistant coach Brian Stewart was named defensive coordinator at the University of Houston . Former Chiefs safety Tyvon Branch reached agreement with Arizona Cardinals ,  per source . As @ProFootballTalk reported ,  Giants placed their franchise tag on punter Steve Weatherford . Vince Young's one year deal with the Eagles will be worth up to 5.5 million . In each of previous 4 times the Eagles were 8 1 ,  they advanced to either Super Bowl  1980 & 2004  or NFL Championship Game  1949 & 1960 .With Steve Sarkisian going to Atlanta ,  Falcons QB coach Matt LaFleur is expected to become Rams offensive coordinator ,  per sources . Chargers awaiting official MRI results but they are pretty certain RB Danny Woodhead tore his ACL ,  per source . New England has had success drafting from Michigan . Tries it again in round 7 with Michigan WR Jeremy Gallon . Bengals free agent CB Leon Hall is visiting the Giants today ,  per source .  Cincinnati also interested . Looks like one of those two teams . Source says Packers free agent TE Jermichael Finley is going to visit the Seahawks ,  per @RobDemovsky . Visit starts tonight . Great summer read ,  especially for Bills' fans . RT @JeremySchaap Eager to read Joe Valerio's new book . Just got it.RT @DuB55   @AdamSchefter any news on Curtis Lofton  ?  ... He's active for the Falcons despite his ankle and knee injuries . Cleveland is ready for another Golden Domer at QB  ?  RT @nicocanada @AdamSchefter Clausen has Cleveland written all over him  !  Eagles saddened to announce that Pro Football Hall of Fame RB Steve Van Buren passed away this evening at age of 91 in Lancaster ,  PA . RIP ... Filed to ESPN Bengals reached agreement with running back Cedric Benson on a one year deal . Bucs announced they have placed defensive end Adrian Clayborn on Injured Reserve  biceps  and re signed defensive end Scott Solomon . Steelers' WR Antonio Brown told @saltersl that he is playing tonight the more pertinent question is how effective he will be . Albany . Broncos signed free agent linebacker David Veikune and waived linebacker Jarvis Moss ,  a former 1st round pick . Big day ,  big week.Training camp tour starts Thursday ,  in Washington ,  with a little Redskins . Gonna see old friend Clinton Portis   good guy . If 49ers lose S Dashon Goldson ,  some around league expecting them to make push for free agent S Ed Reed . Could be Reed and Boldin in SF . Browns placed rookie RB Montario Hardesty on injured reserve . Season officially done for him . RT @MelKiperESPN Looking forward to seeing @mortreport ,  Jaws ,  Boomer ,  Todd ,  Steve ,  @TomJackson57 ,  Gruden ,  @wingoz ,  @AdamSchefter at Draft . In case anyone can't tell ,  I'm not exactly sleeping very well on the bus . Good work if you can get it Each player on winning Pro Bowl team receives 45,000 ,  while each player on losing team receives 22,500.If Sam Bradford is not Eagles' starting QB this season ,  Philly gets  back its 2016 2nd round pick from STL . Jags don't list Denard Robinson's position as QB ,  WR or RB   positions he played in college . List it as OW . Offensive weapon . For wearing orange shoes for the second straight week ,  Bears wide receiver Earl Bennett was fined 10,000 by the NFL . Nnamdi looks headed to the ... Eagles . Seahawks have signed defensive tackle Anthony Hargrove and released defensive tackle Landon Cohen . Chip Kelly said he will name his starting QB for Eagles preseason opener against Patriots on Wednesday . Sources close to Saints said Sean Payton and Mickey Loomis directed Gregg Williams to ensure no inappropriate conduct would occur . Cutting edge news Colts quarterback Andrew Luck has shaved his head in honor of head coach Chuck Pagano . Cardinals' HC Bruce Arians reveals he was battling kidney cancer ...  Tom Brady and his future ,  via @TomJunod and @SethWickersham ...  RT @ChrisBroussard Tune in to Mike and Mike in the Morning'' Thursday  Friday ,  6 10 a.m EST . Hosting w Mike Greenberg and Chris Bosh . Just as he did in week 4 ,  QB Kyle Orton will start vs . the unbeaten Packers . Only this time he will do it for the Chiefs ,  not the Broncos . A potential Jax connection Falcons director of personnel Dave Caldwell was college roommates at John Carroll U  w 49ers OC Greg Roman . Dolphins terminated the contract of LB Reggie Torbor . season  ?  Wildest ,  most raucous atmosphere in draft history . Philadelphia bringing it . Jaguars ruled out Cecil Shorts and MJD from Sunday's game vs . Jets . Giants announced today that they are donating 500,000 to help victims of Hurricane Sandy . Bout time Chiefs S Jarrad Page signed his restricted free agent tender . Tampa Bay Buccaneers announced the signing of running back Peyton Hillis . If this reaches someone in Hattiesburg ,  please tell Brett Favre the Vikings report to training camp exactly two weeks from today . Walking in to my polling place to vote now . Wife and I are only people here . Remarkable and a sign of times in New York . Panthers used 2nd  and 3rd Rd picks on CBs James Bradberry and Daryl Worley to try and replace former 5th Rd pick CB Josh Norman . RT @juliareusch @AdamSchefter I'm pretty sure you are cornering the market on urine tweets . Since NFL postseason expanded to 12 teams in 1990 ,  112 of 175 teams to start a season 2 0 have reached the playoffs  64.0 pct .A great night for a great cause  . Walking into @BBGtradebook for #TBKCharityDay . Hitting phones for @JDRF . Will be trading for @JDRF at @BBGTradebooks #TBKCharityDay . Not to go all @SIPeter King or anything ,  but finding a Starbucks in Westminster is like finding morning glory . Sprained his surgically repaired ankle . Not bad ,  but one more thing for Philly to worry about RT @humgtzs What's situation with Westbrook  ?  In an effort to be efficient and provide equal access to dual investigations ,  Ray Rice extended opportunity to do all interviews at once . Interesting part is Raiders and Bills would have seemed no brainers . And they're not interested . Cardinals DE Calais Campbell ,  who was carted off Sunday with neck injury and spent night in hospital ,  will play tonight vs . Seattle . A whopping eight teams put in waiver claims for former Eagles DE Jason Babin who was awarded to the Jaguars ,  per league source . Let this be the first of hopefully very few Favre Watch updates Favre told ESPN's Ed Werder it was highly unlikely he'd play again . Teams that have made calls about moving back in draft include PHIL ,  DET ,  CLEV ,  BUFF ,  MIA . Doing what they should . On May 23 ,  Tom Coughlin will receive the Outstanding Civilian Service Award ,  one of highest honors the U.S . Army can bestow upon a civilian . Sunday NFL Countdown on ESPN kicks off at 1100 am ET Saturday . Lots of Pete Carroll updates ,  along with other developments . Mark Sanchez is hot dogging it   actually eating a hot dog during the game  !  Doesn't get much more insulting than that . Lots of angry McNabb tweets RT @Woodleyb9 don't do that schefter ,  you got my damn heart all pumped up and you took it away . Damn u schefter . Show goes on ,  with thoughts on all involved . NFL ,  Cowboys ,  Patriots ,  Raiders and Steelers are contributing 250,000 to Mexico City earthquake relief efforts . I promise you there is RT @sbolduc69 BS..there is no way any sports fan can divorce themselves from their beloved teams ... no freaking way  !  Quarterback to watch for Cleveland Paxton Lynch . St . Louis' Greg Zuerlein is first kicker in NFL history to convert a 60 yard field goal and a 50 yard field goal in same game . Big news by the Bay RT @espnnfl Santa Clara voters OK new stadium for 49ers  . Excited to debut new podcast ,  'Know Them From Adam' on Jan . 10. Please come along for ride  . Might turn out to be the single worst trade in NBA   or even sports   history . That bad . Bears TE' Zach Miller  is out for the season and will have surgery on his foot ,  per source . Victor Cruzs new book ,  Out of the Blue ,  from @TeamVic and @Pschrags hits bookstores Tuesday . The link to order  . Former Steelers LB  James Harrison was in Baltimore for scheduled visit with Ravens when the team struck an agreement with Elvis Dumervil . Right about now ,  Jordan Speith is American Pharoahing it . Chargers RB Ryan Mathews carted off with a right ankle injury . RT @Rbasi I need to know the future of my Favorite QB Daunte Culpepper  ...  Haven't spoken to him but time to find another favorite QB . Driving 143 MPH ...  Oh by the way RT @ESPNCFB NCAA has ended Penn State's postseason ban ,  effective immediately  . Bengals have reached agreement with TE Alex Smith . OJ Atogwe Its really important to stay here . One of the things I was thinking about through this process is my purpose with the Rams.Multiple teams around the league believed Bills' 1st round pick Shaq Lawson would need shoulder surgery that would sideline him 4 6 months . This marks the eighth consecutive division title for the New England Patriots ,  the longest streak in NFL history . Filed to ESPN Miami plans to hire Joe Philbin as its head coach . RT @MikePorcelli Any truth to T.O . to the Bears  ?   ...  Nope . Bears not in play on T.O . And another opening now filled . For the second straight day ,  no practice for Lions WR Calvin Johnson and his ankle injury . Giants seeking to restructure Pro Bowl special teamer and WR Dwayne Harris   absent agreement he could be released ,  per source . More Russell Wilson contract details Deal includes 60 million in guarantees . Now will enter final year of deal at only 30 years old . Browns DL Danny Shelton injured his calf during Wednesdays practice . Bills DE Shaq Lawson injured his groin during Thursdays practice . Jaguars G Justin Smiley passed his physical . Trade from Dolphins to Jags for late round pick now official . Does the WR drama ever end   Roddy White ,  Brandon Marshall ,  Ocho ,  Anquan ,  Plaxico ,  Mason . Crazy . RT @DrewUrsic Are the Browns looking at any WR's  ?   ...  The question that has become almost an annual rite of spring . Seahawks WR Doug Baldwin is active tonight vs Colts . Franchise tagged Von Miller and Josh Norman must be taking notice of Giants deals with Olivier Vernon and Janoris Jenkins ... Bill Belichick on Seahawks' QB Russell Wilson He kind of reminds me of watching  Roger  Staubach . I remember a ...  90 percent of Long Island   90 percent   has no power . A huge thank you to @JohnnieWalkerUS for helping out with the Johnnie Walker Black Label holiday gifting   the time  .  . Just landed in Indianapolis ,  and look what's for sale at the first airport Super Bowl memorabilia gift shop I ...  How clueless I am met a guy in ESPN green room named Adrian. Look on TV ,  see Hannah Storm interviewing Red Sox 1B Adrian Gonzalez . Oh . Vikings don't pick up fifth year option for QB Christian Ponder . Best analysis of today yet . RT @adbrandt Wrath of Doty persists reaction and analysis of today's ruling against NFL  . President Obama will welcome the Super Bowl champion NY Giants to the White House on Friday to honor them for their Super Bowl XLVI victory . Who knew that fuschia is spelled with an h. I clearly need to sharpen up on my pinks . When the Lions host the Rams today ,  Shannon Eastin will make history as the first female to officiate an NFL regular season game . Redskins announced they have signed former Broncos' safety David Bruton ,  Jr . 25 years ago today ,  my friend @illwalk's life changed . Looking back to go forward ...  Well said . RT @LandrysDad @AdamSchefter respect those who respect the game . Tony Romo's statement was a classy concession speech . Romo   not Jerry Jones ,  not Jason Garrett   declared Dak Prescott deserves QB job . Colts WR TY Hilton is active . NFL was born in smoky auto showroom in Canton 95 years ago today . A story about one of my good friends and one of the most admirable people Ive ever met ,  the great @illwalk  . Raiders leaving London shortly . Dennis Allen's Monday presser scheduled for Tuesday at 2 PT . AP reporter apologized to Raiders official . Kalil brothers in Carolina rare JayJoel Hilgenberg  1993 Saints  ,  DaveDoug Widell  1990 92 Broncos  are only brother OL to play together . RT @MikeReiss With Leigh Bodden out for year ,  it thrusts 1st rd pick Devin McCourty and 2009 2nd rd pick Darius Butler to top roles . After playing in Colts' preseason opener Thurs night ,  Indy TE Dwayne Allen flew out of Newark Airport at 5 a.m ...  TJ Lang is signing with the Lions ,  per source . Falcons and RB Devonta Freeman reached agreement on a 5 year contract extension ,  as @MikeSilver reported . Bengals' Tyler Eifert will have ankle surgery this week ,  as @JimOwczarski reported . Start of 2016 season for Eifert in jeopardy ,  per source . ESPN's first NFL Power Rankings of the season   guess who's first ...  Cardinals signing QB Zac Dysert off their practice squad on to active roster ,  casting doubts about Carson Palmer starting Thurs ,  per source . Today is the fourth incentivized weigh in of the year for Falcons DT Dontari Poe ,  who collects 125,000 if he weighs 330 pounds or less . Saints and Colts are just 3rd duo to start season 9 0 ,  joining 1934 Lions and Bears and 1990 Giants and 49ers . Correction on DT John Henderson's new contract with the Raiders . It's two years ,  8 million . #LittleleftinOaklandforNnamdi . Mark Anderson's four year deal with Buffalo is worth 27.5 million ,  including 8 million guaranteed . Until Stephen Gostkowski missed a potential game winning kick Sunday ,  he had made 38 straight fourth quarter ,  regular season FGs . A warm welcome to ESPN's newest addition ,  @LRiddickESPN ,  former Director of Pro Personnel for Eagles and Redskins . He'll be on The Insiders . RT @smkaplan89 stick to talking football  ...  I don't get it . Why do so many Twitter enforcers want to impose their laws on my views . Patriots are 5th team in NFL history  and first since 1983 '98 49ers  to have at least 16 consecutive seasons with .500 or better record . Chargers win and they're in . Chargers lose to Chiefs and Steelers advance to postseason . Former Ravens CB Josh Wilson reached agreement with Redskins on a 3 year ,  13.5 million deal ,  including 6 million guaranteed . If you don't mind ,  allow me to show you the fickle nature of sports and some examples of what have you done for me lately ... Giants announced that Justin Pugh and Ryan Nassib ,  their first  and fourth round selections in the 2013 NFL Draft ,  signed . There's this and more on 10's timeline RT @VinceYoung10 Just heard about Reggies Heisman . Reg will continue to be the 2005 Award recipient . RT @MikeReiss Brady not at practice . Congrats and good luck to John Elway . He's getting married today in Idaho to   and this is not made up   a former Raiders cheerleader . Fans in 32 cities tweeting ,  asking if their team will sign Nnamdi . My sense is he'd like to be on East Coast . But no guesses till a new CBA . Washington's Robert Griffin III became first QB born in 1990s to start an NFL game . Here are some NFL players who I'm told have official Facebook profiles or pages .  If you know of any others ,  ...  Unspeakably sad ...  RT @chipscoggins Adrian Peterson's son has died according to police . Raiders will start Connor Cook vs Texans.So it's Cook vs Brock Osweiler . RT @SportsCenter On this April Fool's Day ,  we put together some memorable sports pranks . Enjoy    . Always impressive when a reporter writes as big as the event itself . Well done ,  @joedrape . Bengals placed RB Bernard Scott on IR and activated LB Dontay Moch . From me and @MikeReiss Pats TE Rob Gronkowski is scheduled to undergo back surgery in LA on Tuesday ,  per sources . Just got back my Twitter . Gone all day . Never want to go through an ordeal like that again . Had the shakes . Complete withdrawl . Just brutal . Plus @Becster225 RT @TheKostos Congratulations to @psmyth12 ,  @schube13 ,  Broncos PR staff on winning @PFWAwriters Rozelle Award . Phenomenal . Three Patriots listed as questionable  Martellus Bennett ,  Julian Edelman ,  Chris Hogan  all are expected to play vs . Jets ,  per sources . PART IV Flacco definitely improved for tonight's game in Indianapolis ,  but still is not close to fully recovered . But he's good to go . Falcons closing in on a deal for Browns C Alex Mack ,  but not done deal yet ,  per source . Bengals claimed S DeAngelo Willingham on waivers from the Seattle Seahawks . Broncos close to agreement with former Chiefs' RB Jamaal Charles ,  per source . Looks as if he could be staying in the AFC West . Due to academic reasons ,  Purdue DT Ra'Zahn Howard is declaring for next month's supplemental draft ,  per source . Having pro day in NJ July 8.And Lions DT Ndamukong Suh was named the Associated Press Defensive Rookie of the Year . Former Seahawks WR Sidney Rice is in New Jersey today ,  visiting with the Jets . Busy day for Jets ... off . Houston Texans are signing former Purdue DT Ra'Zahn Howard ,  who went undrafted in today's supplemental draft ,  per source . Doctors told Panthers that Steve Smith should be sidelined 10 weeks ,  knocking him out of camp but putting him on target to play opener . In a sworn affadavit ,  Osi Umenyiora says the Giants broke their promise to him .  Statement by NFL Executive Vice President of Football Operations Troy Vincent on Atlanta Falcons Matter The ...  One of the many people that texted well wishes this week to Titans OC Mike Heimerdinger was Colts QB Peyton Manning . Penn State has identified Patriots offensive coordinator Bill O'Brien as the coach it wants to hire to succeed Joe Paterno . Updates on ESPN . Saints will ask LB Jonathan Vilma and DE Will Smith ,  two players the NFL linked to its bounty scandal ,  to restructure their contracts . Chuch thinks I should tweet less . Thoughts on his thoughts  ?  RT @chuckg4509 @AdamSchefter you post too much . CB Drayton Florence to the Bills   3 years for 15 million . Depending on how practice goes this week ,  there's a real chance Browns QB Robert Griffin III starts Sunday against Cincinnati . Look forward to speaking to the campers at speak to campers @BDYouthFBCamp run by  @Coastaladvisors  . A facemask ,  a heave and a win . They had announced  earlier ,  but Houston officially signed DT Devon Still to a reservefuture deal . Candles lit ,  flashlights on . Power not expected back on till 8. Sometimes it takes a power outage to realize how much we take for granted . Michael Vick's autobiography released in July . Vick shares untold details about career ,  imprisonment ,  comeback . RT @wingoz Ed Werder and @mortreport also reporting Jason Garrett takes over as Head Coach . Details on NFL LIVE 330  Eastern . RT @BigSky99 That's been out since 2009 !  Where you been  ?   ...  In an ESPN cave . But I heard it on radio today ,  when I briefly escaped . Deals done for Eli ,  Rivers and Ben . Next The whoppers   Tom Brady and Peyton Manning ,  whose deals are up after 2010. Record deals coming . There is no agreement yet between Greg Hardy and the Dallas Cowboys   yet being the key word   but negotiations are ongoing . Here come the cuts of the next few weeks Colts released S LaRon Landry ,  ILB Andrew Jackson ,  OT Xavier Nixon . Tough news The official word that Saints RB Lynell Hamilton tore his ACL and is done for the season . Bills could decide to rest RB LeSean McCoy until his hamstring is healthy ,  per league source ,  especially with Karlos Williams playing well . RT @Cyphate Nobody is talking Vikings . Who will they draft 3rd overall  ?   ...  My feeling today is in the minority . Think WR Justin Blackmon . Ravens RB Alex Collins ,  questionable for Sunday vs . Lions due to calf injury ,  is expected to play ,  per source . TE Dwayne Allen suffered what Colts believe to be a high ankle sprain ,  per source . So lose Ahmad Bradshaw and Allen hurting . Dolphins announced former Chiefs President Carl Peterson will serve as an advisor to owner Stephen Ross on their search for a new GM . Texans had Eastern Illinois QB Jimmy Garoppalo in for visit Thursday . Just wondering has San Diego already clinched the AFC West  ?  ATL 1st round pick Keanu Neal told teammates he did not think his knee injury was serious and he expects to be ready for opener ,  per source . Highest Total QBR This SeasonDeshaun Watson  82.3Case Keenum       77.3Carson Wentz      73.4Numbers never lie ... Is it me or are the Seahawks and 49ers treating the off season the way the Red Sox and Yankees do  or at least used to  ? Jim Schwartz fired . Need to clog some holes in O and D lines first . Packers free agent QB Matt Flynn is scheduled to visit Seattle on Thursday night ,  into Friday . After four different votes ,  Super Bowl XLVII goes to ... New YorkNew Jersey . Cardinals HC Bruce Arians and new Cardinals QB Logan Thomas on March 26 in Blacksburg ,  Va . Broncos are planning to play CB Ty Law tonight between 15 and 18 plays . Denver needs someone to cover slot receivers . And Bears LB DJ Williams also carted off today . Depending on how Elvis Dumervil situation plays out in Denver ,  Broncos could take run at DE Dwight Freeney or LB Shaun Phillips . They've lost 8 straight AFC east games . RT @bigred8485 what is the record for the longest division losing streak ? are the bills close  ?  Done it before and doing it again With trade deadline Tuesday ,  Raiders have informed teams they're willing to trade any player on roster . Packers activated TE Andrew Quarless from reservephysically unable to perform and placed LB Nick Perry  wrist  on injured reserve . Rounds 4 7 today . Four rookies made Pro Bowl last year ,  and 3   Dak Prescott ,  Jordan Howard ,  Tyreek Hill   were taken in 4th round or later . Bud Adams put on even more of a show . After Jeff Fisher gave him a gameball Sunday ,  Adams broke out in a dance that had players cracking up . Before it's said and done ,  it will not be surprising if Green Bay wishes it had gotten done the deal for RB Marshawn Lynch . RT @NFLonTheHill Redskins night @ Lombardi play tonite . Dan Snyder ,  Bruce Allen ,  Sonny Jurgensen ,  Sam Huff in the house .  ...  Allen's b day . RT @gmercer9 classy move by Ravens  . RT @MikeMcCartney7 Steelers RB Coach Kirby Wilson needs your prayers . At this time 1 year ago ,  Cleveland debated dealing WR Josh Gordon to SF for a couple of picks . Browns held off picks would have been nice . Here's why Rex Ryan would be deified with a win Sunday . The Patriots have beaten the Jets in the teams last eight games at Giants Stadium . They just keep coming . RT @ChefJaaws James Harrison just fined 25K for beaker to beaker hit on the Science   . NFL has conference call this am to determine whether to play or postpone Sunday's Bucs Dolphins game due to Hurricane Irma ,  per sources . Heath Shuler ,  Tim Couch ,  Curtis Enis ,  Rashan Salaam are some other suggestions that quickly have flowed in . Always in studio in Bristol with Mort and the guys . No po'boys for me . RT @Cby29 @AdamSchefter will you be in new Orleans Monday night  ?  Bengals have lost 6 straight playoff games and theyll have to break streak against Colts without A.J . Green ,  who is out with a concussion . Would be an upset if the Ravens and their franchise player Ray Rice were able to strike a long term deal by today's 4  ET deadline . Please welcome the agents of Darrelle Revis to Twitter ,  @SchwartzFeinsod . Please direct any comments on Revis to them . Three teams to monitor as trade talks for Tim Tebow pick up Jacksonville ,  Green Bay ,  San Francisco . Michael Vick text this am to SalPal Ready to make a playoff run . One play at a time . One game time.Dolphins expected to start rookie CB Cordrea Tankersley ,  CB Byron Maxwell will be a backup ,  CB Alterraun Verner inactive ,  per @diannaESPN . Jets fined HC Rex Ryan 50G for flipping the bird at Dolphins fans in Miami . Good thing he didn't go double bird   might have been 100G . Mort got me RT @mortreport And u think the Energizer Bunny Rabbit @AdamSchefter never rests  ... caught on camera  !  Part 2 in off season ,  there's coaches fired ,  coaches hired ,  players going ,  players coming ,  free agency ,  draft ,  minicamps ,  training camps . No one ever said a 2nd team tampered RT @BradColtun @AdamSchefter Is there any update as to who the 2nd team is re crabtree tampering . Two people said Bengals and Giants do not expect to finalize trade that will send LB Keith Rivers from Cincy to NY today . Hope is Thursday . Tonight's draft was with a 12 team league RT @ischafer @AdamSchefter 10 or 12 team league  ?  Watching all the people @BarbaraJWalters has interviewed and all the work she has done is nothing short of remarkable . Former Raiders Pro Bowl P Shane Lechler is signing a 3 year ,  5.5 million contract that includes a 1 million signing bonus with Texans . Encouraging reports on health of Vikings WR Percy Harvin so far ,  fortunately ,  but it was unnerving for anyone who saw it . RT @nytbishop FB Tony Richardson said in 16 seasons with 3 teams he never saw a holdout hurt a team he played on . Always resolved . There is a strong possibility Florida DC Dan Quinn will return to Seattle to replace Gus Bradley as DC ,  though CLEV and PHIL interested . RT @miklasz The Rams have a buyer   . Place to be tonight ... all for @mottchildren  . A little perspective ... Records in their first 25 games as Bears HCMark Trestman 11 14Lovie Smith      11 14Mike Ditka        11 14 . Eagles cut QB Mike Kafka . Projected 2018 NFL draft order Browns inch closer to top pick . Championship Friday 10 Spot How the Giants saved the Packers ,  and how Calvin Johnson saved the Bears . 49ers holdout G Alex Boone is expected to report to San Francisco in next 24 hours with a reworked 2 year contract ,  per league sources . Cardinals plan to start Kevin Kolb on Sunday vs . New England Patriots . Chargers QB Philip Rivers ,  who missed practice Wednesday ,  is battling a back injury that is bigger than people realize ,  per league source . RT @N1NJ4PUNCH So what can you tell me the chances of Cowboys getting back to dynasty mode  ?   ...  Would help to win a playoff game first . With Tuesday's NFL trade deadline approaching ,  Giants so far have resisted all overtures for WR Hakeem Nicks . Please take a moment to watch this amazing tribute to @StuartScott   . American Pharoah jockey Victor Espinoza is donating all his winnings from Belmont Stakes to City of Hope ,  a cancer research center in Calif . Despite speculation to contrary ,  Mike Shanahan will not wind up coaching Chicago nor Houston . Too much respect for Lovie and Kubiak . 49ers honoring their legendary WR Dwight Clark ,  who is battling ALS ,  at halftime today of what the team is calling 87 Day.Panthers released QB Brad Kaaya ,  per source . When I know ,  you will . Waiting now . RT @adamnicholson @AdamSchefter Any news on LJ claims  ?  Events always could change ,  but Dolphins and Chiefs are nowhere on Branden Albert deal . One source said he doubt a deal gets done . GB DE Jarius Wynn spent all night at hospital till wife gave birth . Super being considered as middle name . About his 4 game suspension ,  Seattle's Bruce Irvin said I'm extremely disappointed in the poor judgement I showed and take responsibility . No player from the University of Texas was drafted ,  making 2014 the first draft since 1937 without a Longhorns player selected . Based on won loss ,  worst to first ,  like draft order . Lions 1st claim ,  Rams 2nd ,  and so on . RT @kellymelvina how do waiver claims work  ?  Steelers RB DeAngelo Williams undergoing an MRI today on ankle he injured vs Browns ,  per source will help determine availability vs . Cincy . Johnny Manziel on his meeting with CFL commissioner Randy AmbrosieI recently had a really positive meeting ...  Postcard from Saints camp ,  and the best part of @drewbrees' post Super Bowl celebration . Eagles released ,  amongst others ,  veteran WRs Rueben Randle and Chris Givens . Thankfully he will make a full recovery ,  we simply ask that his privacy is respected.Though nothing is final ,  one team source said he's almost certain that Jets HC Rex Ryan will name Mark Sanchez his starting quarterback . Giants announced they placed Victor Cruz and Trumaine McBride on injured reserve and signed WR Kevin Ogletree and CB Chandler Fenner . Tom Brady's 4 game suspension costs him 1,882,352 in salary . Patriots' fine is 1M . So team actually makes 882K ... but still loses plenty . Filed to ESPN Vikings and Randy Moss restructured his contract . No new money ,  but promise that Minnesota will not franchisetransition him . Dolphins scheduled to bring Broncos OC Mike McCoy to New York to meet with owner Stephen Ross on Thursday McCoy's 2nd Dolphins interview . Tom Savage lasted one half benched . DeShaun Watson going in . Steelers WR JuJu Smith Schuster is appealing his one game suspension ,  per source . RT @RapSheet Patriots NT @Wilfork75 appears on the verge of tears talking of Randy Moss . One of the best people I've met in my life.My Wish 18 yr old Stephen Loszewski wanting to be a Michigan Wolverine.#MyWish . RT @JeffLegwold From #Broncos @Grindin59 to ESPN's @JosinaAnderson   knee fracture ,  four to eight weeks'' said MCL and ACL fine''.Bengals believe WR Marvin Jones ,  after weekend foot surgery ,  will miss first three games and should return Oct . 5 after bye vs . New England . Eagles RB Demarco Murray has told people he plans to play today ,  but wants to test hamstring pregame because he still is unsure . Chris Simms coming in the game for Denver . Different than his usual role on Sundays . RT @DeAngeloRB My little rendition of deck the halls ...  Merry Christmas  !  Titans DL Tony Brown was fined 20,000 for poking his finger near the eye of a Colts OL . This is Brown's fourth infraction this season . Saints are signing TE Jimmy Graham to a 4 year ,  40 million deal that includes 21 million guaranteed ,  per source familiar with deal . Now unlikely Broncos' QB Trevor Siemian would be active Sunday ,  making Austin Davis the backup to Paxton Lynch ,  per source . Interesting Bucs rookie DE Erik Lorig is starting at FB today for Earnest Graham . Jimmy Garoppolo expected to start Thurs vs . Giants and play majority ,  if not all ,  of game ,  Bill Belichick confirmed through team spokesman . Why it's a concern RT @evansilva Saints RB Mark Ingram's knee surgery is his 2nd in last 3 offseasons . Had scope before JR year @ Alabama . Michael Phelps credits Ray Lewis with helping him become greatest Olympic champion . Packers have signed G Jahri Evans . Joe Lunardi is a machine ...  Chargers DE Joey Bosa  hamstring  is out for Week 3. His debut remains on hold . As thought ,  Chargers now confirm Danny Woodhead has a torn ACL . NFL's five biggest off season storylines . Tiger Woods will miss The Masters after undergoing back surgery for a pinched nerve . Colts will deactivate RB Joseph Addai  neck  TE Brody Eldridge rib  ,  RB Mike Hart  ankle  LB Clint Session  elbow  DB Justin Tryon  foot  . Dallas D needs all the help it can get . Also ,  if Jerry Jones can't sell Johnny Football jerseys ,  might as well sell Michael Sam jerseys . Rams officially signed QBs Austin Davis and Brady Quinn and placed QB Sam Bradford on Reserve Injured.So who in the office pool had 49ers RB Glen Coffee retiring before Brett Favre  ?  More no's for and to Larry Johnson SF ,  Atlanta ,  Washington ,  Houston ,  Chicago . Chargers compromised on cash flow in years 2,3,4  gave Joey Bosa largest upfront signing bonus in Chargers history SD got offset language . Falcons named rookie Tevin Coleman as starting RB Jaguars named rookie TJ Yeldon as starting RB . Year of rookie RB begins . Not good Lions safety Louis Delmas has had surgery on his left knee ,  the team confirmed . Great player who struggles to stay healthy . RT @MikeSilver How a verbal handshake degenerated into finger pointing The NFL labor situation turns sour ...  RT @espnmikes Chris Berman discusses calling NFL games for the first time in a storied broadcasting career   . Falcons signed former Jaguars and Colts TE Colin Cloherty to a two year contract ,  per his agent Sean Stellato . Jaguars owner Shad Khan  . Jets said conditional 4th rd pick in 2014 from TB becomes a 3rd if Darrelle Revis is on roster on third day of league year in March . RT @tunasweasel Another must follow for NFL Fans . Trent Dilfer making his Twitter debut today @TDESPN . Patriots went 0 11 on third down Monday night ,  their first game without a third down conversion since 1991.Panthers Pro Bowl DE Greg Hardy ,  found guilty July 15 on domestic violence charges ,  is scheduled to address media at Panthers' camp today . Man ,  that is close ...  On Oct . 25 ,  Dolphins team that fired its OC today scored 44 points vs Texans . In the four games since ,  Houston has allowed only 35 points . Well done ,  @BobLeyESPN . Not much of a surprise ,  but despite being listed as questionable with a toe injury ,  Broncos RB C.J . Anderson will play tonight ,  per source . Hmmm ...  RT @TheJetsStream Strange but true Seven Jets defensive backs are scheduled to earn more  than Darrelle Revis in 2010.Bills have hired former Dolphins GM Dennis Hickey as Senior College Scout . Kubiak is 8th former Raven assistant to be a current Head Coach Pagano ,  Ryan ,  Caldwell ,  Del Rio ,  Lewis ,  Pettine ,  Whisenhunt and Kubiak . Another strong denial from another member of Eagles organization . Sure doesn't sound like they're getting rid of Vick anytime soon . Dolphins RB Arian Foster officially active today vs Steelers . Bills RB CJ Spiller in inactive . Defensive tackle Terrance Knighton has informed the Patriots he will be signing with the team ,  per @diannaESPN . As things are now going in Cleveland ,  John Dorsey might be on the hot seat . For what it's worth ,  @kennymayne just tweeted that his ankle looks like Favre's every day . For those that missed it  . Eagles have seven total return TDs in 2014 ,  which NFL said is most of any NFL team in first five games of a season since at least 1970.Off the waiver wire ,  Chris Chambers caught two touchdown passes ,  with his 54 yarder being the Chiefs longest play of the season . And now with CB Aqib Talib a Bronco ,  Patriots figure to make a real push for Darrelle Revis . Have watched more of the Knicks' past two games than the NBA the past two decades . Jeremy Lin looks   to steal a word from Eli   elite . Former Bears DE Richard Dent will serve as the teams honorary captain for Sundays NFC Championship at Soldier Field . Jimmy Haslam is the Boss . Extension for Lions QB Matthew Stafford came in at 17.6 million per year avg . Bears QB Jay Cutler's 7 yr deal figures to be slightly north . Bills releasedDT Red BryantQB Matt CasselC Dalton FreemanS Jonathan MeeksLB Kevin Reddick . Alshon Jefferys new 4 year ,  52 million deal with the Eagles also included 27 million guaranteed ,  per source . Here's how perilous talks are Talks almost blew up yesterday ,  according to one source . Now back on track . Look who's on Twitter now Greeney at @Espngreeny . Deal's done and union referees are scheduled to vote on agreement in Dallas on Saturday morning, . Former Texans CB A.J . Bouye expects to sign with Jaguars barring no final contract snags ,  per source . Broncos putting their inner Raiders on the Chiefs   about to be 35 0.And now St . Augustine police say Jaguars RB Maurice Jones Drew has not been charged . So there's that . Bengals have clinched a playofff spot . Eagles and free agent G @evanmathis69 reached agreement on a 5 year deal ,  25 million deal ,  including 7 mil gtd . Mathis back in Philly . RT @janesports Kindly Giants coach Tom Coughlin displeased with losing Ballard to Patriots . Very . Displeased . Last time the Cardinals played the Bears ,  Arizona let 'em off the hook ... and Dennis Green landed a beer commercial . ESPNMilwaukee's Jason Wilde ,  who hosts Rodgers' radio show ,  asked via text if collarbone broke . Rodgers' reply Getting some tests  today  . Seattle's Allen Barbre has been suspended for Seahawks' first four games for violating the NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . Raiders interviewed Saints OC Pete Carmichael Jr . for their HC vacancy on Friday while New Orleans was in the Bay Area for Saturday's game . The four WRs the Falcons worked out Wednesday were Brian Robiskie ,  Mohamed Massaquoi ,  Courtney Roby and Matt Willis . Signed Robiskie . Jordan Reed is out for Week 7. Team also placed WR Josh Doctson on IR . Montreal CB Mitchell White ,  brother of Giants WR Myles ,  and Montreal CB Mycal Swaim ,  brother of Cowboys TE Geoff ,  ...  Michael Vick was evaluated and cleared by the independent neurosurgeon in order to return to practice today ,  team announced . Just over six years ago ...  Condolences to Ravens WR Torrey Smith ,  whose younger brother Tevin died this morning in a motorcycle accident . Sad story RT @espnnfl Friends ,  family former Broncos WR Kenny McKinley in debt before suicide  . And then there was one ...  RT @espnnfl The Patriots have signed first round pick Nate Solder . People of New Orleans could not be any more hospitable . Even with four more days to go ,  thank you in advance . Lots of rookie RBs this year . Rookie RBs this year will be what rookie WRs were last year . N.Y.'s gearing up for LeBron . RT @darrenrovell1 Knicks 201011 tickets went on presale last Thursday . Sold a record 770 so far . He's just bout that action ,  Boss ...  A national violence prevention organization is now advocating that Ray Rice be given a second chance in the NFL . Pats TE Aaron Hernandez's ankle has not responded to treatment . He's struggling to cut ,  will not play Sunday vs . Rams . Bye next week to rest . 2 Vitt told Goodell he will take a lie detector test to prove innonce or sign sworn affadavit that he never participated in bounty program . Colts RB Ahmad Bradshaw has visited with Dr . Robert Watkins in LA to help determine if he would need neck surgery . Right now ,  undecided . RT @mortreport David Lee has been hired as Jets QB coach . League source . Hail Marys could wind up being played over and over again in Dallas if a QB accidentally throws football into scoreboard . Trade in works filed to ESPN Cowboys preparing to trade LB Bobby Carpenter to Rams for OT Alex Barron . Not official yet but going that way . Seahaws DE Michael Bennett ,  who left Tampa for Seattle ,  was diagnosed with torn rotator cuff . Injury why Bennett got a 1 yr deal in SEA . If playoffs opened today ,  Minnesota would be in and Chicago and Dallas out based on Vikings better mark in NFC North and better mark in NFC . Filed to ESPN Raiders reached agreement with former Giants tight end Kevin Boss on a four year ,  16 million . Titans recently held a private workout for Tennessee QB Tyler Bray . Giants have released DE Devin Taylor . Titans' WR Corey Davis left practice to undergo an MRI on his hamstring ,  per the team . Tim Tebows tryout for MLB teams will be a week from today ,  Aug . 30 ,  in Los Angeles . Change that Antonio Gates is expected to play today . It'll be vs Ravens ,  not Browns . A quiet Monday addition Seattle signed former Bucs RB Kregg Lumpkin . Tie one on ,  Hoge . RT @russellspielman Everyone please wish the man with hugest knots and shortest ties   @merrilhoge a happy bday today . After a sobering day like this ,  it's time to start referring to Mort as Mortician.Hope here is that ,  after former Bucs LB Derrick Brooks works out for Saints ,  they sign him . Brooks belongs in the league ,  doing his thing . Even with the game time decision on Ben Roethlisberger ,  the man is the king of different types of comebacks . Steelers believe he'll play . RT @tazz53098 Are the jets interested in Mario Williams  ?   ...  Don't see how they could fit him under cap . Supporting @CoastalAdvisors at today's Big Daddy Golf classic  . Last time in Arizona ,  Patriots could not overcome an all time Super Bowl catch . This time ,  they did . Brett Favre announced he will be returning to Green Bay in 2015 to have his No . 4 retired and be inducted into the Packers Hall of Fame . Former Chiefs OT Eric Winston is closing in on a 1 year deal with the Cardinals . It could get done in the next 24 hours . On his WLW 700 radio show ,  Cincinnati coach Tommy Tuberville said RB Isaiah Pead lost part of his left leg in last weekend's car accident . Michigan MenTom Brady has 3 years left on his contract worth 58 million.Knicks just gave Tim Hardaway Jr . 4 years ,  71 million . Another day ,  another ESPN Insiders show chock full of detailed ,  comprehensive NFL information . Each day ,  3 pm ,  ESPN . NFL still monitoring situation ,  but it fully expects to play Sunday's Vikings Panthers game in Carolina ,  per ...  Chiefs have been trying to trade QB Matt Cassel before having to release him . Release still more likely . Minnesota a potential landing spot . Former Texans WR Andre Johnson scheduled to arrive in Indianapolis tonight to visit ,  per source . Could be a U reunion with Colts RB Gore . Cardinals RB Beanie Wells is active .  I know he plays RB ,  we're just in the middle of some live TV .Also ,  never said LJ was signing with Pittsburgh . Said if ,  given his choice ,  he would like to be there . We'll see if interest is mutual . Washington's John Beck looked and played like a QB who wrapped up a starting job tonight . Browns general manager Tom Heckert and head coach Pat Shurmur have been fired . Towering Tim ...  RT @tunasweasel They say you start shrinking as you get older ... what the heck @mortreport  . Top 10 picks in 2016 NFL Draft1. Tennessee2. Cleveland3. SD4. Dallas5. Jacksonville6. Baltimore7. SF8. Miami9. TB10. NYGAlso no fine for hat Marshawn Lynch wore at media sessions ,  which was made by and given to him by NFL licensee ,  New Era ,  and was team colors . ESPN obtained June 15 letter from Greg Levy ,  referencing 4 hour time limit for Brady defense team . Levy said if ...  Classy move by Titans RB Chris Johnson ,  donating with Nike and Powerade to  the Red Cross relief fund for flood victims in Tennessee . Carolina is re signing DE Charles Johnson to a two year ,  9.5 million deal ,  per source . Don't rain on their parade   let Browns enjoy RT @MistaFitzgerald in Browns 2 wins Qbs go 8 36 123yds 0TDS 1pick ... is that NFL Football  ?  League will look into Redskins' release of information about Griffin's concussion . Ravens have ruled out WR Mike Wallace  concussion .Former Steelers safety Shamarko Thomas working out for Washington today . ESPN Chicago's Michael C . Wright reports Lions DT Nick Fairley sprained his MCL and PCL ,  and is expected to be sidelined 4 5 weeks . Truth Mens room in Jets offices has a Urine Color Chart above urinal to measure hydration . Based on my color ,  I'm well hydrated this a.m . NFL expected to suspend Redskins S Brandon Meriweather for one to two games . Length still to be decided . Tim Tebow suffered significant injuries Saturday night that he played through . Hope for Cincy ,  NYJ ,  Dal ,  Phil ,  Ariz ,  GB ,  Balt and NE RT @NFLfootballinfo Team from Wild Card round has reached Super Bowl 4 years in row . Another suspension Dolphins DE Tony McDaniel suspended one game for violating the NFL's personal conduct policy . Broncos waivedinjured  shoulder  TE A.J . Derby and signed TE Austin Traylor . Jaguars claimed Trent Edwards . Drew Brees' Week 8 performance ,  4050 for 511 yards and 7 TD's1 INT ,  headlines the @easportsmut team of the week . NFLNFLPA holding mandatory conference call with all players at noon ET today ,  per sources healthsafety issues . Teams adjusting schedules . As first reported . RT @caplannfl Dolphins and Bucs request permission to interview Eagles VP of player personnel Tom Gamble for GM opening . Given Ahmad Bradshaw's history of playing through foot injuries ,  and that he practiced limited on Friday ,  he is expected to play today . So to recap Tyrod Taylor is staying and Tony Romo is going . Browns go for Montario Hardesty ,  a running back that some teams had off their board due to knee injuries . #nfldraft . Norv Turner vs . Wade Phillips in the Pro Bowl . Redskins CB Chris Culliver is out for the season with a torn ACL he suffered at today's practice ,  per @johnkeim . RT @espnnfl More details on Patriots' Myron Pryor being fined 7,500 for hit that cut Favre  . Chiefs and LB Tamba Hali reached agreement on three year deal that will enable him to finish career in KC ,  per league source . Unless Tennessee decides to deal No . 2 overall pick ,  it will be Marcus Mariota's Titans and Jameis Winston's Bucs squaring off in week 1.More definitive scans today but initial tests showed small fracture in Aaron Rodgers' collarbone that could sideline him about three weeks . Statement from Tom Brady's agent ,  Don Yee The Wells report ,  with all due respect ,  is a significant and terrible ...  Strong belief There's as much chance a team will sign Victor Cruz to offer sheet as there is one will deal for Tim Tebow . Neither happening . Bengals Saints game at Paul Brown Stadium is not a sellout and will be blacked out in Cincinnati . CB news of dayChiefs CB Darrelle Revis will not play today vs Bills and will make his KC debut next Sunday vs Je  . RT @mortreport 18 second video of @AdamSchefter and I in New Orleans..stay tuned for more reports later ...  Ravens RB Willis McGahee is trying to do for Baltimore what Terrible Towels did for Pittsburgh . Were he here to see it ,  Will McDonough would have been very proud . Mark this down ,  @MichaelDavSmith . Mark Barron will not make it to Dallas' pick at No . 14.Despite the fact that Ravens OT Jared Gaither has not signed his tender ,  he is planning to be at team's off season program by next week . Chiefs said they expect Matt Cassel to return to work this week. Big difference between returning to work and playing in a game . Rams WR Danny Amendola is active . RT @SIPeterKing Staffs of Leslie Frazier  Minnesota  and Mike Shanahan  Washington  to coach the Senior Bowl in Mobile . Here's a challenge for Baltimore and its defense Ravens are projected to face 13 teams whose QBs have gone to at least one Pro Bowl . Bill Belichick said Wes Welker's hit on Aqib Talib was a deliberate play to take out Aqib . I'll let the league handle the discipline.With DeAndre Hopkins returning to camp ,  he now will be eligible to collect 445,004 roster bonus on August 4th if he's on 90 man roster . Raiders have traded WR Louis Murphy to Panthers for late round pick ,  as @JasonColeYahoo reported . Adrian Peterson ,  Philip Rivers ,  the Eagles' 53 man roster ,  and the only player traded on Day 1 ?  Manny Ramirez  not the baseball player .Job @AnthonyKShriver does for @bestbuddies this and every day is off the charts . Please consider helping in any way . Friday's playoff 10 Spot   A Cowboys Eagles trade ,  key to Packers turnaround ,  and the Sanchez Palmer connection . Lions RB Jahvid Best active and Giants RB Ahmad Bradshaw are active Panthers WR Steve Smith and Texans WR Jacoby Jones are inactive . Jim Irsay ... Sunday night . Steelers agreed to terms on a five year deal with 2010 first round draft pick ,  center Maurkice Pouncey . Only fitting for Opening Day this year it's snowing in New York . Filed to ESPN After signing DE Jarvis Green earlier ,  Broncos agreed to a three year deal with former San Diego DT Jamal Williams . Great event today . Tremendous cause . Hope some will consider making a small donation . TY . RT @TheRealCLev  . Cleveland Browns today named Pat Shurmur as the 13th full time head coach in franchise history.Steelers RB DeAngelo Williams is officially out for Sunday vs . Denver . QB Ben Roethlisberger is listed as questionable . Jaguars and EverBank revealing their new logo for EverBank Field today at 300 pm . Its a minimum five year agreement bw EverBank and Jags . Filed to ESPN Buccaneers safety Tanard Jackson ,  who had served a suspension for over one year ,  has been reinstated ,  per NFL source . After reaching agreement Tuesday with Cowboys ,  former Jets G Brandon Moore has decided to retire ,  per ESPN source . And there goes @BarackObama's bracket . Back to Libya ,  Syria ,  Japan ,  and other pressing issues . #congratulationsVCU . With New Orleans turning to kicker Garrett Hartley ,  Saints deactivated kicker John Carney ,  officially . Cleveland nearly dealt Jerome Harrison elsewhere two weeks ago ,  but deal fell through . Only a matter of time before trade materialized . Carolina plans to release WR Steve Smith today ,  as @billvoth reported . Let the bidding begin and make Baltimore a favorite . Aaron Rodgers pulled out of Sunday's Pro Bowl Andy Dalton will replace him . And if there were any more questions ,  John Fox told Arizona reporters in conference call that Jake Delhomme will start Sunday . Congratulations to Class of 2015 Jerome Bettis ,  Tim Brown ,  Charles Haley ,  Bill Polian ,  Junior Seau ,  Will Shields ,  Mick Tinglehoff ,  Ron Wolf . It's obvious watching this that @mortreport's acting skills are superior to mine ...  Big blow to Baltimore's defense Ravens CB Lardarius Webb tore his left ACL today . Kicking it in Cleveland . Browns worked out four kickers today Matt Bryant ,  Billy Cundiff , Brandon Coutu and ShaneAndrus . Falcons RB Michael Turner  ankle  and WR Michael Jenkins  ankle  will be inactive vs Eagles . RB Jason Snelling starts for Turner . Today's notable inactives Aaron Rodgers ,  Charles Woodson ,  Clay Matthews ,  James Starks ,  LeSean McCoy ,  Arian Foster ,  Owen Daniels . Patriots released veteran WR Michael Jenkins . And now up to 6 teams already calling on DeSean Jackson . And counting . Reworked deal for Gronk . Idea was to get money distributed more equally next two years . NFL attorney Greg Levy spelled out in this memo the time limits placed on Brady defense team  . One of best days of year OGBA draft at 630 ,  followed by 16 team ESPN War Room League Draft at 8. As daughter wrote  . Not to be the buzzkill on your extra hour of sleep ,  but now it's going to be getting dark an hour early . Yuck . David Harris today.Eric Decker tomorrow.Jets' vets becoming endangered species . Thoughts are with Percy Harvin and his family ,  and also for a Vikings organization that has endured events similar to this in the past . John Fox on Derek Wolfe X rays were fine . CT scan was fine and theyre still evaluating the MRI . The results of ...  Agents @schwartzfeinsod reached agreement with the Buffalo Bills on a deal for Manny Lawson . Browns DL Emmanuel Ogbah broke his foot today . Ole Miss investigating alleged texts between Laremy Tunsil ,  John Miller no comment from NCAA . Who's got it better than 49ers HC Jim Harbaugh  ?  Nobody  !  Harbaugh will drive the pace car at Saturday's Indy 500.NFL off season a lot like the games themselves . Just when you think you've seen or heard it all ,  along comes next big one to disprove it . Love  . Chiefs' Jamaal Charles asked for Peyton Manning's autograph after loss to Broncos  . Potentially eligible for Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2021 Peyton Manning ,  Charles Woodson ,  Marshawn Lynch ,  Jared Allen ,  Calvin Johnson . Teams and fans won't be the only ones outdoors for Super Bowl 48 NFL commissioner Roger Goodell will be sitting outside in stands ,  too . This  . Cardinals already have ruled out WR John Brown  quadricep  ,  T D.J . Humphries  knee  ,  G Mike Iupati  tricep  for Sunday vs Colts . After setting an NFL record with 16 straight division wins ,  the Colts have now lost 2 division games in 7 days . Bengals HC Marvin Lewis said WR A.J . Green expects to return to practice on Wednesday . Barring a breakdown in talks ,  Frank Gore expected to sign 3 year deal in which 7.5 million in first two years are guaranteed . More problems in Pittsburgh @ProFootballTalk Sources Santonio Holmes facing four game suspension  . Jaguars DB Aaron Ross has gotten permission from team to see his wife Sanya Richards Ross ,  a 3 time Olympian ,  run in the 400 meter race . When it comes to comparing Sanchez's looks with Namath's ,  I can't help but wonder who would get the edge from Mel Kiper Jr ... Steelers announced today that long snapper Greg Warren and wide receiver Limas Sweed will miss the remainder of the season . Seahawks surrendered a 7th round pick for QB Terrelle Pryor ,  per league source . According to court documents ,  Vikings RB Adrian Peterson has paid his child support to his son's mother ,  Erica Syion ,  since 2009.Saints gave former Patriots CB Brandon Browner a three year ,  15 million deal that included 10 million guaranteed ,  per source . As of tonight ,  NFL teams have doled out 627M in guaranteed money since free agency started this week . Teams with least cap room today Pitt  11 million over cap  Oak  11 mil over  Carolina  9 mil over  Giants  9 mil over  Jets  even .Lions HC Jim Schwartz pulled a page out Rex Ryan's playbook and showed up in Kyle Vanden Bosch's Nashville house tonight to recruit him . Colts QB Jacoby Brissett now in concussion protocol . Former Bills QB Trent Edwards visited with the Eagles this week . Jaguars WR Dede Westbrook came up 165 yards short of his predicted 200 yard receiving game . Doug Martins suspension will cost him 1.47M   235,000 for missing Sundays game ,  another 1.235M for missing first 3 games next season . How about the Colts  ?  Still undefeated and the first team this season to clinch a division title . Any further questions ? Would be a major shock to see Browns go QB at No . 1. Panthers RB Jonathan Stewart is inactive . Adam Schein on Sirius just surprised me with factoid of the day Brett Favre did not throw an interception in the month of November . ESPN's NFL Power Rankings Giants move to No . 2 Steelers up four spots . RT @abc7 #BREAKINGNEWS ABC7 has learned Lindsay Lohan was taken to hospital after being found unconscious at Ritz Carlton in Marina del Rey . Just over four hours from today's 1 pm ET supplemental draft . Drama is building ...  and no ,  unlike all else NFL ,  it's not televised .Lots of questions about Aaron Hernandez ,  Vincent Jackson . No official word ,  they play late games . But both likely to play to some extent . Police now saying Robin Williams hanged himself . Just wow . Beyond sad . RT @mortreport Just reported to ESPN that Falcons have signed ex Jaguar CB Brian Williams to 1 yr deal . Reunited with former DC Mike Smith . Good week for NFL charity fund bad week for players . RT @PumpCity How do giants respond after last week  ?   ...  Got the right coach leading them . And don't forget they led Philly 31 10 at one pt . Cannot say I approve this message . RT @patriotscpfc Vote Dan Connolly to the Pro Bowl as Kick Returner . Eagles WR Alshon Jeffery ,  questionable with an ankle injury ,  is expected to play Sunday night vs Dallas ,  per source . Bill Polian jsaid on NFL Live that the Jets should move Tim Tebow to running back . Now the Jets are closing in on a deal for their free agent cornerback Antonio Cromartie . Tigers pitcher Max Scherzer and actor Jeff Daniels attended Lions training camp today . 1st round pick   Madden Cover jinx be damned . Suspended Browns WR Josh Gordon scheduled to meet with the NFL today regarding possible reinstatement ,  per source . Giants will miss Ahmad Bradshaw . As one player said this winter ,  Bradshaw was the heart and soul of our offense.Denver's three losses this season   to San Diego ,  New England and Indianapolis   were to the three other teams left in AFC playoff field . Update @JohnBarrESPN has not confirmed CBS radio report that Johnny Manziel is being indicted . As part of his ongoing effort to raise awareness for breast cancer ,  @DeAngeloRB has also painted his toenails pink . To show my versatility . RT @wingoz per ESPN'S Kelly Naqi .. it's official . Mark Mcgwire will be cardinals hitting coach in 2010 . As @RavensInsider reported ,  Ravens linebacker Dannell Ellerbe reaches agreement in principle with Miami Dolphins . RT @espn Agent Cincinnati Bengals agree to re sign safety Roy Williams    . RT @Jameswest76 now I can see why green bay wanted favre out of division . &lt  We forget the steps Packers took to ensure this didn't happen . And ,  draft's most impressive streak still intact Mel Kiper Jr . now has gone 33 straight years without any bathroom breaks during NFL Draft . Another Cleveland move tonight  not that anyone will notice  Browns signed DL Brandon Thompson and released DL Desmond Bryant . Lowdown and breakdown on finer details   insurance policy and incentives   of Colin Kaepernick's contract ...  RT @toddarcher Sources Josh Brent's ban modified.Latest on Dolphins OT Jonathan Martin's situation and NFLPA's review of it from @mortreport and me . Panthers WR Stephen Hill was carted off practice field today with a right leg injury . Kentucky produces horses ,  hoops stars and fantasy standouts . Colts TE Jacob Tamme and Bills WR Steve Johnson were teammates at Kentucky . This just in ,  Tom Brady & Jeff Bridges #DoNothing for @UGG #ad  . Arizona also traded a fourth round pick next year to Chicago . A picks bonanza for the Bears . Despite suffering a foot injury Sunday ,  Jaguars still expect RB Leonard Fournette to play this week vs . the Colts ,  per source . It's true . Dick Jauron fired . He was blindsided by the news . Got summoned to Detroit to meet with Ralph Wilson . And was kicked to the curb . Half of NFL's playoff field officially set NFC Panthers ,  Cardinals ,  Packers ,  Seahawks.AFC Patriots ,  Bengals.6 spots left . Wow ,  now we have @NYGiants investigating the substance . This is big time stuff  and i dont mean what's on my walls  . Cardinals released veteran TE Todd Heap . 49ers placed Arik Armstead on IR and released TE Logan Paulsen . Colts likely to start QB Josh Freeman today vs . Tennessee ,  per source . Congratulations ,  Ed . Well deserved . More impressive team than Packers or Steelers RT @weaksauce21 Thought this picture put SB in perspective . What happensi first I get one decent night of sleep or the Cincinnati Bengals win the Super Bowl  ?  A big welcome former Indianapolis Colts Vice Chairman and six time NFL Executive of the Year Bill Polian has joined ESPN as an NFL analyst . Terrelle Pryor has agreed to a 4 yr deal with the Raiders and is with the team now . Free agent WR Donte Stallworth will try out with the Redskins at their mini camp next week . Julio Jones 34 receptions through three games are the most in NFL history ,  according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Saints said the Broncos have requested permission to interview DC Gregg Williams for Denver's HC job . RT @redskinsblog Terrific NBC 4 tribute to George Michael . RT @AndrewGlenn19 on a scale of 0 10  what's the possibility of a 2011 NFL lockout  ?   ...  According to the NFLPA ,  a 14.RT @jamisonhensley Chris Canty signs with Ravens . Titans reached agreement on a three year ,  10 million deal with former Jets RB Shonn Greene . Yoko writes of John's assassination on NY Times op ed page . Elizabeth Edwards notes ,  The days of our lives are numbered on front page . SadOfficials have brought to our attention disturbing trend of racial epithets ,  including N word ,  being commonly used on field during games . Here are Super Bowl XLVII predictions from some analysts and reporters at @ESPN  . Vikings name special teams coach Mike Priefer as interim HC to replace Mike Zimmer for tonight's game vs Dallas . 49ers QB Shaun Hill starts over Alex Smith on Friday night against Denver . Mike Singletary cautioned not to read into it ,  but hard not to . Jaguars just reached agreement with former Minnesota Vikings RB Toby Gerhart ,  per source . Funny ,  I've had wife tell me I'm unreal  and not as a compliment  RT @theteeto @AdamSchefter How do we know YOURE real  ?  This is not to make room for Peyton Manning Texans cut quarterback Matt Leinart . No Falcons and no Buccaneers selected to the Pro Bowl . Falcons DT Dontari Poe said he's where he needs to be weight wise ,  340 pounds or under ,  which would mean a 125,000 bonus . First reported by @JayGlazer ,  Saints re signed WR Marques Colston to a five year deal worth close to 40 million ,  inc 19 million gtd . There's some symmetry with John Elway taking Chad Kelly ,  the nephew of his fellow 1983 draft class QB ,  Jim Kelly . Packers' S Ha Ha Clinton Dix is working as a summer intern for a judge in a Wisconsin circuit court . RT @Keefe15 Real question ... would it be smart for the Browns to trade up to #1 ?  Is Bradford REALLY a difference maker for them  ?   ...  I would . Ben Roethlisberger now has more wins in Cleveland  11  than any Browns' QB has since the team returned to the NFL in 1999.At 6 am ,  Delta's international terminal at JFK is insane chaos . Employee said it's this way all day ,  every day . No thank you . What could be fallout of Mike Tomlin literally crossing the line . ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown . On the air . Last marriage tweet of day . I think . RT @Kj1974 More of a stunner ..  The Gore Marriage ends before the Clinton Marriage . Vikings QB Christian Ponder will start today . True story One Steeler asked me where the Bus stopped next . Bills camp ,  I told him . His response They still play football there ? All Quest RB Joseph Addai  neck  ,  RB Donald Brown  hamstring  ,  WR Austin Collie  foot  ,  WR Pierre Garcon  hamstring  ,  RB Mike Hart  hip .Bears paid their former kicker Robbie Gould the 500,000 workout bonus due him this week . Cleveland back at it bright and early Browns reached agreement with former Cardinals LB Quentin Groves . RT @CaboHef I think were goin  Patriots  18 0 watchu think lol #Kool  ...  Lot of good that did them in 2007.Marshall's reps Harvey Steinberg and Kennard McGuire released this statement This is a very difficult time for Brandon and family ... It sounds insignificant ,  but it's not . For first time ,  bottled water   bottled water  !    is now sold in ESPN's cafe . A landmark development  !  On Atlanta's five year extension with CB Desmond Trufant ,  the deal is worth almost 69M ,  including 42M gtd ,  as @SchultzReport reported . RT Valid points on draft ,  all . But remember ,  draft used to be Tuesday . My guess is ,  over time ,  people will forget draft even was on weekend . Rex Ryan on convo with Dungy It was definitely heated .  We  talked man to man . He told me his position and I definitely told him  mine .To those asking where Texans AM LB Von Miller will go in the NFL draft ,  the early signs are ,  Top 5 pick . Penguins now have a chance to become first Pittsburgh MLBNBANFLNHL team to clinch a championship in Pittsburgh since the 1960 Pirates . RT @YoungWave Do you think the dolphins will keep reggie bush as the Premier back ?   ...  Why wouldn't they  ?  Been tremendous this season . Just sent to ESPN More offensive shakeups in Buffalo . Bills cut Langston Walker . Going with 7th rd pick Demetrius Bell at LT . A technicality ,  but yes . RT @Krazo74 @adamschefter Settle this Isn't the bigger gm M.V . @ G.B . Than G.B . @M.V . ?  Bears have signed DE Chauncey Davis to a two year contract ,  waived DE Nick Reed and placed G Chris Williams on IR with wrist injury . Three teams   Carolina ,  Minnesota ,  Philadelphia   put in waiver claims for former Lions RB Jerome Felton ,  who was awarded to Panthers . No defending Super Bowl champion ever has added more TDs from previous season than this year's Patriots  . New Orleans signed QB Chase Daniel to its practice squad . Broncos QB Peyton Manning played Sundays Divisional Playoff loss and the past month of the season with a torn right quad ,  per two sources . League sources said Lions ownership is on the fence about HC Jim Schwartzs job status but it is leaning towards keeping him.For second straight night ,  Knicks do not look good . San Francisco is talking to Browns special teams coach Brad Seely ,  regarded as one of league's top ST coaches ,  about joining its staff . RT @armstrongbrooks Any possibility of a Bengals49ers Superbowl  ?   ...  Believe it or not ,  yes . It is possible . As we've seen before . A little levity RT @DrewLitton New Drew toon on Brett Favre let his retirement decision drag on and on and on . On the road to the Redskins   and seven camps in seven days   in five minutes . Jets top 3 CBS going into season were Dee Milliner ,  Dimitri Patterson ,  Dexter McDougle . All 3 now done ,  in their own way ,  for season . Because Brady needed added motivation . RT @espn Antonio Cromartie of New York Jets says he hates Tom Brady    . In his first public interview since being fired in June ,  former Chiefs GM John Dorsey discusses how hes been spend  . Cowboys take Notre Dame LB Jaylon Smith   round 2.RT @judybattista One more Jets tidbit I'm told that the rumors about them going after Brandon Marshall have no legs.Update OT Jake Long leaves for Atlanta on Wednesday and will work out for Falcons on Thursday . Cleared and ready to go . Given the short week ,  no surprise teams are combining to average nearly 8 points fewer on Thursday games than games played Sunday and Monday . RT @22papa Aaron Maybin  ?  No chance . Alex Smith has it wrapped up .  ...  Hard to argue on Smith for Comeback Player of the Year . Odell Beckham Jr being carted off with a left ankle injury that looked bad . Filed to ESPN KC re signed WR Chris Chambers to a three year deal worth up to 15 million that includes 5.9 million in gtd money . Another big injury for Giants LB Jon Goff tore his ACL and is out for year . Giants likely to re sign their former LB Kawika Mitchell . JJ Watt was scheduled to make 1,9M this season   with 245 defensive players scheduled to make more than him . Not anymore . And @JosinaAnderson reports Giants will interview former Texans QB coach for OC position . RT @MikeReiss SI's Peter King says Robert Kraft told him Tom Brady deal is finalized . will be announced tomorrow . 4 year deal . Best idea of the day . RT @caseywasserman NCAA should punish school ,  not current athletes for past . I bet a 25m fine would be a deterrent . Browns believe LB Karlos Dansby suffered a sprained MCL more testing today ,  per source . Titans had 22nd waiver claim . 21 teams passed up Randy Moss . Now Tennessee better step up its post practice lunch spread . Ezekiel Elliott joins Eric Dickerson and Adrian Peterson as the only players to rush for over 1,000 yards in their first nine NFL games . Doesn't sound like Art Rooney II is holding a press conference today to suspend Ben Roethlisberger . David Stewart was fined 20,000 for a late hit . LaMarr Woodley was fined 12,500 for roughing the passer . Tom Brady talks to @IanOConnor ,  with sights set on Michael Jordan . Kudos to our friend RT @mortreport Congrats to Daniel Jeremiah  @movethesticks   on joining Eagles as West Coast scout . Now with class org . Darren Sproles' recovery from hand surgery expected to be 4 to 6 weeks ,  team sources say ,  though there is some optimism for earlier return . First of the Jets five episodes on HardKnocks is Wednesday ,  Aug . 11 from 1000 1100 p.m . ETPT . RT @davidcanter Congratulations to Paul Soliai for signing his franchise contract.1year salary is highest ever paid to Dolphins Def player . Pitt might have been willing to release Santonio Holmes . But one other NFC team would have been willing to trade a 5th rd pick for Holmes . Colts' owner Jim Irsay buys Prince's 'Yellow Cloud' guitar for 137,500 . Barkevious Mingos injury could have been fatal ...  Browns announced they acquired guardcenter John Moffitt from Seattle for defensive lineman Brian Sanford . Hue Jackson invited Ocho to training camp to spend time with Browns' WRs . Browns' camp just got more fun . Friday 10 spot on Saturday With @RGIII and Andy Dalton squaring off ,  Texas' influence on QBs is spotlighted . 49ers announced they have signed WR Kassim Osgood to a one year contract . NFL determined that former Saints DC Gregg Williams administered the program with knowledge of other defensive coaches . #KnowThemFromAdam@derekcarrqb discusses his impressions of Marshawn Lynch and the role faith plays in his life . Eli Manning We felt the right thing was to have Dr . Anderson clean out the ankle . Doc tells me I should be running in about six weeks.It's getting closer and closer . Now it's two weeks from tonight at Radio City Music Hall . Best holiday of the year family ,  food ,  football . Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours . From Detroit's newest sporting hero to its oldest . RT @ndamukongsuh RIP MR . Ernie Harwell . #KnowThemFromAdamPhilip Rivers on his future I don't see myself shutting it down anytime real soon.LISTEN ...  Here it is ,  Do Your Job Bill Belichick and the 2014 Patriots'  Trailer.ESPN's Michael Smith reporting that Larry Johnson is en route to Cincinnati ,  and barring a breakdown ,  is expected to sign with Bengals . Here's how unique Derek Carr injury is Since playoffs began in 1933 ,  no QB with 12 regular season W's has failed to start postseason game . RT @jermadams any more big trades before the draft  ?   ...  Depends on definition of big . Trades ,  yes . Big ,  I doubt . Ravens WR Jeremy Maclin ,  questionable for Sunday night vs . Steelers with a back injury ,  is expected to play ,  per source . Due to hip injury ,  Lions LB DeAndre Levy most likely out Sunday vs . Chargers ,  but he will not need surgery ,  as @davebirkett reported . Jon Gruden on ESPN If I were a coach ,  I'd offer a first round pick to the Redskins to get Kirk Cousins on my team.Carmelo Anthony might want to think about signing with the Spurs instead . Roger Goodell stepped aside as Bounty Arbitrator and has handed off case to Paul Tagliabue . Peters now talking to media and says this is most athletic O line he has played on ,  better than ones he had in Buffalo . 16 tm PPR Rodgers ,  Greene ,  Addai ,  Amedola ,  Wayne ,  Floyd ,  Gates ,  Pack D ,  Gostkowski ,  Helu ,  Cook ,  D . Moore ,  Kendricks ,  K . Hunter ,  McCluster . CB moves keep coming in SEA Seahawks have released CB Perrish Cox and promoted CB DeShawn Shead from their practice squad to active roster . SF traded second  and fourth round picks to Seattle to move up to No . 31 to take a player the 49ers were considering at No . 2 and 3.AJ Green is out tonight ,  as @JayGlazer reported . Money phrase On page 11 of today's ruling ,  judges wrote ,  Our present view is that Judge Nelsons interpretation is unlikely to prevail.Filed to ESPN from @mortreport Peyton Manning is being revaluated by several doctors bc of slow progress . No other procedure planned now . RT @MikeGarafolo Yup  &gt RT @tomecurran In addition to John Abraham and Adrian Wilson ,  the Patriots will be hosting Dwight Freeney . Mort & Schefter's Super Bowl LI notebook Predicting biggest offseason headlines.Major moves in ATL Falcons are releasing CB Dunta Robinson ,  RB Michael Turner and DE John Abraham today . Lions claimed former Redskins RB Keiland Williams on waivers today . As Jimmy Fallon said about today's events ,  You can never trust a 79 year old Blatter.Cowboys CB Mike Jenkins and QB Tony Romo were added to the Pro Bowl as injury replacements.When Rex Ryan showed the Jets their month long playoff itinerary ,  it included the Super Bowl parade on Feb . 9. Players loved it . NFLPA will file petition to rehear Brady case en banc in 2nd circuit this afternoon   meaning a rehearing before whole panel of judges . Great lead in today's NY Times from Tyler Kepner on Johan Santana's no hitter For 8019 games ,  across 51 ...  Despite a sprained ankle ,  Cowboys QB Tony Romo expected to practice Wednesday and play Sunday night vs . NYG . Giants headquarters and training facility has been renamed the Quest Diagnostics Training Center . Eagles announced HC Andy Reid officially dismissed . Press conference at noon ET . Great job by @toddarcher being first to report that the Cowboys signed former Browns QB Brandon Weeden to a two year deal . Big change in Baltimore Ravens firing OC Marc Trestman ,  replacing him with Marty Mornhinweg ,  per league sources . FWIW ,  90 minutes left to Vincent Jackson deadline   and there's no progress between Chargers and Vikings . Texans RB Arian Foster is out Sunday . Green Bay's next four games   should seedings hold and it advances   could be at Arizona ,  home vs . Minnesota ,  home vs Minnesota ,  at Arizona . I say we put @OGOochocinco and @Markschlereth in a room and ,  you know ,  see what happens . Picked up USA Today's NFL 2013 preview issue . Here's what it listed as Patriots X factor ...  Denver is trading out again ... Tampa will trade to 31.An ankle injury for Giants WR Sterling Shepard ,  per @JordanRaanan who said it doesn't look encouraging.Get in line . So did Eagles ,  Redskins ,  Colts and others RT @EyeOnNFL Report Panthers had eye on Russell Wilson . Friday 10 Spot on Saturday What the Giants gave up for Eli Manning why Eagles are now dangerous . Packers CB Sam Shields is out Sunday vs . Carolina CB Tramon Williams questionable . Panthers WR Kelvin Benjamim also questionable . Rough week for your former running mates ,  @OGOchoCinco . A.B. ,  T.J . Let's hope you bring @terrellowens some better karma . In other words ,  it's only Tuesday night ,  but these labor talks sound like they're in serious condition . At least for now . Pro Bowl G Brian Waters and Patriots reached an agreement that will give NE the help it has been seeking at right guard . More at ESPN.com . Chiefs draft QB Aaron Murray . More next ... Houston Texans already expressing some interest in former Jets CB Dimitri Patterson . Stunner from Chicago Bears starting QB Jimmy Clausen this week ,  per source . Steelers named their former LB Jerry Olsavsky their new defensive quality control coach . NFL notified teams that Michigans Jabril Peppers tested positive for a dilute sample at the combine ,  league sources tell ESPN . He felt great going during camp RT @Russellmania980 @RickDocWalker reports that Barry Cofield has a fractured left hand Holy Preseason . RT @THunley9 @AdamSchefter Isn't he related to Pat McQuistan ... who is on the Cowboys roster  ?  &lt   Correct . Brothers . Would be great story . After his visit to Jacksonville on Wednesday ,  Steelers WR and @tunasweasel's Markman 50er Emmanuel Sanders is visting Tampa today . RT @StefanWeinrich Who will be the most saught after O Lineman this free agency  ?   ...  Carl Nicks ,  Saints . Pro Bowl guard and leaving NO . Bad news ,  Vikings   No team that ever has lost to the Panthers in the regular season ever has gone on to win the Super Bowl . Anquan Boldin lands three year ,  25 million extension ,  leaving him with four years and 28 million left . New deal includes 10 million gtd . So NFL to own the biggest headlines right before the holiday weekend ,  on the second day of NBA free agency . Cowboys Eagles will be flexed to prime time next Sunday night ,  per NFL official . RT @NFLprguy BTW ,  NFL Championship Games are Sunday ,  Jan 24 3p ET AFC on CBS and 640p ET NFC on FOX . Wow ...  Denver's not trading for Colin Kaepernick nor Sam Bradford it has traded for Seattle's pick at No . 26 to draft a quarterback . Steelers signing WR Justin Hunter ,  per @JFowlerESPN . Transcript of sports radio call today from Dave from Babylon ,  via @PSchrags My house is underwater ... but I want to t  . Five non playoff NFL teams I expect to surprise this season 1  Cincinnati 2  Green Bay 3  New Orleans 4  San Francisco 5  Seattle . Texans released WR Jacoby Jones . Jaguars announced they signed defensive tackle Roy Miller ,  running back Justin Forsett ,  cornerback Alan Ball and cornerback Antwaun Molden . Even after getting hit by Mark Barron on Sun ,  Cam Newton has not seen a roughing the passer penalty enforced vs . his opposing D since 2014.Ravens DT Haloti Ngata signed a five year ,  61 million deal ,  including 40 million in first two years . Ngata under contract through 2015.RT @FinsFan42 How did my dolphins do in this draft  ?   ...  Personally like the Tannehill pick . But like Cleveland ,  it all rides on the QB . No word to Donovan McNabb nor his agent yet ,  which means one thing . McNabb has gone unclaimed on waivers . Now free to sign anywhere . Uurtoirttrttt . As @ProFootballTalk initially reported ,  Patriots informed two time Pro Bowl S Brandon Meriweather they are cutting him . And so ,  without Al Groh or Keith Butler ,  Miami's search for a new defensive coordinator goes on . MRI on @RGIII's knee did not reveal any damage to his ACL or MCL ,  but there are no guarantees he'll be ready next week . something ?  Cardinals announced they signed former Steelers OT Max Starks ,  who's now reunited with Arizona HC Bruce Arians . Falcons RB Telvin Coleman is out of concussion protocol according to Dan Quinn . What does this sound like to you  ?  McNabb watched practice for 20 minutes today before heading back inside for more treatment on broken rib . Vikings placed CB Antoine Winfield on IR and signed CB Benny Sapp . Falcons announced CB Brett Grimes' season is over . Team says he will be placed on injured reserve with Achilles injury . Brutal . Raiders RB Darren McFadden did not practice today due to foot sprain Broncos running back Willis McGahee was limited due to hand injury . RT @RayderMan listen schefter . The public doesn't want more news on the 1 7 cowboys . Talk about raidernation  ...  How bout them Raiders  ?  !  ?  !  Cassel testing in pregame but they feel good he'll play . No McNabb today . RT @FnRon can i get an update on matt cassel  ?  Ive got him  McNabb . Bryan Burwell was good enough on TV to make people forget he was a writer ,  and a good enough writer to make people forget he was on TV . RIP . NFL is considering toughening its penalties for players who commit acts of domestic violence ,  per Washington Post . Eagles agreed to terms with 15 assistant coaches ,  including offensive coordinator Frank Reich . Jake Long now becomes second former No . 1 overall pick Vikings have acquired as an injury replacement this season . First round pick . RT @xtraRegularRyan bitter beer face RT @AdamSchefter Norv Turner vs . Wade Phillips in the Pro Bowl . Seahawks signed defensive tackle Jason Shirley and placed cornerback Marcus Trufant on injured reserve . RT @STEM08 Any receivers ever change teams as Free agent and do well  ?   ...  T.O . did well . But you're right . Not many . Earlier today ,  Packers released TE Devin Frischknecht . Despite being viewed as the No . 1 HC candidate in the college ranks ,  David Shaw has told people he plans to remain at Stanford ,  per sources . Certain players just pop in preseason . You can see they can play right away . Steelers WR Markus Wheaton is one . Would have been Top 5 last year and still will be high pick RT @Joez25 @AdamSchefter what about bradford  ?  drop down cuz of the injury  ?  As @salarycap101 points out ,  Revis' deal initially had 982K base for this year but due to  advanced in 08 ,  remaining salary is 550K . Despite being listed as questionable with a groin injury ,  Lions RB Mikel Leshoure is expected to play . But it sounds like nobody had a worse night than Paris Hilton . See a punter kick it @ZoltanMesko and teammates put on Celebrity Karaoke event Zolioke ,  Saturday ,  June 9th ,  7 to 10  . Jets name Greg McElroy QB   big ramifications . For those who asked . RT @debpoquette Ravens May workouts are going to be CLOSED to public bc of TU grad on same dates . Some history RT @OurandSBJ ESPN beats out Fox ,  NBC ,  Turner and HBO for Best in Sports TV . 1st time a cable channel wins this category . Chip off block 11 year old LeBron James Jr . already has standing scholarship offers from Duke and Kentucky ,  per @WindhorstESPN and @mcten . 