 . CES tweets  ?  Beef . a customer asked us about that poster and I was like oh shit it wasn't in the playbook . My cheeks are so swollen that my face looks like the mii avatar with big cheeks on the Wii . You know that look ... Sat down to do AP Chen   an hour later all I have done is watch vines ...  #vine . What if I need a frrito . United  ?  Ewww   . tmo  ?  thanks bae  . he lives like right next door from me ...  He and jake were plotting against you ... kinda like AP test   everyone does it at one and you get 10 sec per Q . nice  !  Unhinged . Wisconsin well positioned to be drug dealer of the future  . Someone brought their moped into cargo coffe . Should Madison pass an ordinance that you cant bring a moped into co  . Why is @KoehlerBear27 not included in this tweet I think he has used like half of those . I work there when it opens in January  . Everybody is at parties ,  and I just want faster internet   . This one was way cooler . bro . DID IT HAVE A CASE  ?  Really good scene outside churchkey rnKid who looks 15 Joe can you go back in and get my ID ! #FF @whitehouse @TammyBaldwinWI . Why does an iced mocha cost more than a mocha  ?  Ice really pushing the price  ?  #why . WHY IS IT SNOWING . 2014 ? #ExamSOS . asking James to confirm . You have no idea what I would give to get JetBlue out in MKE . A customer asked if brob and I were twins . Lets play a game   avoid John Bolka all break as a cruel joke . Ugh why am I so careless with my chrome tabs . #uwsummer #uwsummerterm #uw . Buy 19 issues of Macworld magazine  !  Warning Oscar nominated snapchat story now live . POS sounds like it's about to explode  . docile pigeons . could you explain how to directly access courses  ?  Can't find any  . Apparently people think the parking lot next to my house is the perfect spot to park and play music at 130am  . months ... but did she endorse me  ?  I was in the same boat till late august . Installed the Android 4.4 Launcher on my phone . Pretty sick  . My tan from San Francisco is STILL THERE . you are an enabler . You still need to see the library of congress  !  please  !  I think the best invention in modern times comes from the Apple engineer who decided to let you emphasize your own iMessages .  #samsungs #nextbigthing . I never understood people who bring massive carry ons on southwest flights ...  You know you can check it for free right  ?  I swear I will never get a pet of my own some day because I can't deal with them dying . All the adults at my family Christmas got a selfie stick and they are all trying them out right now I hate this .  aka   we are taking a field trip tomorrow . When Gordon's decides to cancel Waffle Bar Tuesday   . fairly proud of that . no flip flops  ?  people want to see you do big things  !  OH WELL . A friendly reminder not to count your chickens before they hatch . Helped sway undecideds for  @BarackObama today in Waukesha WI  !  except for the 2 literature classes you apparently need for computer science  . Its the only way to stay safe . overnight  ?  Emphasized Your phone is activated ! Reply HELP to learn more.Reply OFF to stop receiving notifications.Std msg & data rates may apply.I think College Board switched the AP Euro exam with the AP Extremely Specific and Useless Facts of European History exam #whatjusthappened . obscene . I got the half gig in mexico last week and it was well worth the money . Usually takes tmo twitter an hour ish . hey . I swear   my mom needs go get evefrickin cent off her recipt . Why the hell is Ron Johnson on the foreign relations committee  ?  PSA I am again in Madison for the school year now so pls hang out with me . LITERALLY ME . Sydney and I went to The Plaza and we have decided that it is exactly like West Allis ,  WI . gr8 advice  !  Apparently buying 13 KitKats gets you a sketchy look from the chick at Woodman's #yoydontgetme  . unfortunately not   I once got a full tray if cookies on a Midwest flight because I knew the pilot . I hate it when i am trying to discretely use my ipad ,  and the smacover makes a huge click ...  #shhhhhhh . FYI Flappy bird is being shut down because the developer cheated in making it popular  writing fake reviews ,  against developer agreement .ok . can I get a selfie with you at MKE baggage claim or something  ?  Yo please help the MHS Hackathon team win tonight by following @Javalinos . Come on call you suppogoprint for your job . hi  !  ITS BEN BERNANKE . Shout out to everyone at my sister birthday party for running around the entire house in muddy shoes #thanks . open ended much  ?  Yeyeyeye . nice seeing you  !  Enjoy yourself at Summerfest  !  walk eh shaw  former Waukesha resident . So there is a unit Micromort that measures a 11000000 chance of death . I may or mat not have read the entire wikipedia page ... cereal WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO NOW#&lt3 #Heartbroken #Whyme . Gimme an address  !  Basically just here for the Italian food  @ Summerfest   . You know what creeps me out  ?  People who have black contacts . Looked at a dude and nearly let out a massive girl scream ,  HIS EYES WERE BLACK  !  I would ,  but i have my drivers test that hour   . 2014 Resolution Not suck at standardized testing english sections ... I feel like the first chapter from there would make a great gilded age weekly reading wink   . @SUBWAY . what parts do you need help on  ?  analysts forget Google employees literally the smartest most imaginative people in the world . Got to get like 500 twist ties for spirit day tomorrow #MisheardHomcomingThemes . I will not go outside until they are gone . you should K me ... Vikse parked in my driveway ,  but won't take me to taco bell ,  so I parked him in D  . whore . Who still uses tinyurl ,  is this still 2005 ? I feel betrayed by frontier . They have all but pulled out of Milwaukee . Only 8 daily flights now ...  #CRAZY .  . AKA The Google Now Watch . What is that like 12 worth of content  ?  to be perfectly clear ,  a regression coefficient of .1 is not a large correlation at all . Just making my point . #Burkeashaw . They will also be sporting Samsung's new and improved ultra curve 3D improved tech . Anti summer Madisonians coming back means I have to stand on the 80 again #hottake . Ap exam on the ides of May .      #Sketch . This picture earns a solid how many of them went to UW10 . When @mukalexegner beats you in the review game ,  without his work done&lt&lt&lt&lt&lt&lt&lt&lt&lt . #CNNDebate no Perry ,  Americans do not understand RUN ON sentences .   . can't   . BMW's aren't that good   Jake Vikse #richkid . Who do you want to answer the call  ?  She doesn't even go here  !  Twas the night before euro ,  and all through the town ,  not a student was sleeping   for fear of the exam #Happyeuroeve . Buying New Years dinner    @ Edwardo's Natural Pizza   @edwardospizza   . Thank god its #friday . I thought the bit was dead  ?  How . that's you Ellie bur . You are one of the heads . Now would be a great time to repeal the 2005 Post office pension law ...  #SaveThePostOffice .  . So today my dad tells me we almost moved to San Francisco before I was born . WHY DID THAT NOT HAPPEN . Math 340 ? they seem to be the most numerous offender ... Kiwis are such a pain in the ass to peal ,  but are so worth it  . #JohnBolkaYearInReview pa4 . Just a friendly reminder to stick to your own age group ... I love that UPS drivers wear UPS socks . The Sound of music live thing on NBC is actually really good . Just for the record ,  our governor works for donors ,  not you . Just for the record ... 1. Letmein2. 1234563. Passw0rd . Hey kids buy savings bonds they might come in handy when your a college sophomore who overspent this month and need to pay rent tomorrow . at . I want a ford fusion now . Today is the worst exam day ever ...  #APEuro #HonorsChem #Imscrewed . lake medota . you only need a 70% for a 5 ,  but that test was HARDDDDDDDD . pick me  !  honestly I love @sydneyr so much . The chances of me getting a job this summer are rapidly declining . OMG A @meowitsbrianna SPOTTING . Today's mission acquire approximately 5 lbs of Swedish fish . HEY milwaukee ,  check out 400 layoffs  !  unfollowing . The #Javalinos are tots magoats winning this . I feel like TV networks use Macy's Thanksgiving Parade to suck you into a program about all their TV Shows ,  not a parade . Currently a loner at the top of the student section . Someone come up here O . THAT WILL HAPPEN . New phone . Winnnnnnnn  #galaxy nexus . You obvi dont live in Wisconsin then . Took care with the cancer light . but it's also totally safe . Nice . My new boss said i have the best eyebrows she has ever seen #eyebrowsgamestrong  . Very proud of that pun . Sitting outside by a fire with Mitch just casually listening to coyotes kill a dog in a field . #fullmoon . Whenever I get college mail from Cornell ,  all I can think about is Andy Bernard from The Office . Boehner ,  Republicans frequent no shows at W.H . via @POLITICO for iPad  . Today starts the marathon study ,  I plan to finish the Crash Course today ...  Wish me luck ... Twitter is so slow when I want twitter ,  and it explodes when I get busy ... also  ?  Dropped my iPad down the stairs this morning ,  but not even a scratch #Tank . #JobsNow  ...  The American Jobs Act should pass right away . They should just call C Intro to Object oriented programming . Never worked with this kid before but apparently he's really excited to work with me tonight  !  I think this is m  . Had a great weak in New Orleans . Pics will be on Facebook soon  !  Free content A GIF of James Menden slapping lunchables  . I am thankful for everyone in my life ,  besides the serial assholes . Feel free .  . Sad  !  @GWtweets . I can picture tim cook running around right about now yelling WHO THE HELL DECIDED TO SKIP BUILDING A SECOND DATA CENTER ?  #iOS7 . economists disagree . that enhanced better be gigabit or else its bullshit . Honestly how many student orgs use Save the bees as a tagline to get people to sign up for stuff on library mall . big news @theonlycolton is buying  !  I hate this  @jimmerjam11 . Quesadillas in accounting today  . A little after the fact ,  but I have found my spirit GIF cc@chastaincaleb  . But we have to make it up though   . Big car accident on oakdale by I   check where your homies at . go all in for the pizza setting . NRA goes on lockdown via @POLITICO for iPad  . Joint twitter poll for @jimmerjam11 and I should we give up on our group project and get Pizza  ?  App split was a great idea right  ?  According to the pitcher on the counter ,  I have consumed apx 1 Gallon of Iced Tea today . I swear to god if I sit here for 2 hours there will be consequences . #TweetTammy . Turn on clutter . #theyonlyadmitlike5%ofwaitlistedpeople . you are getting a ticket for being stupid . receipts  ?  fraturnityagonia ,  I dont call country a  !  Tesla Model S   SAFEST CAR EVER MADE !  cc @Tesla . I know you want to get to work on time . Reason to go into computer science #34532 Each employee of WhatsApp could get up to 60 Million in Stock   just because they work there now . ditto   . it is frosh day only . The Russian pairs are also very legit . Coming soon My response  150 reasons you should leave Wisconsin as soon as you get the chance  . Many people is Wisconsin would possibly kill to get Fios out here vs TWC . Thanks @TheAshun  . Ladies and gentlemen ,  it's November . It's GO TIME . Make sure you stop by and say hi to teddy rosavel ...  Oh   . The paradox of societyIf the government asked you to put Internet camera in living room  riotIf Microsoft sells it  pay 500 . It is way too stressful for it to be summer . but thats just me . I've got the @Seahawks winning #SB49 !  #SeahawksWIN @NFL  . pretty @AirlineFlyer @ARdpb . Snapchat denied my filter . Just wait . syrmen . #JohnBolkaYearInReview pa1 . child . Accidentally swallowing mouthwash might be the grossest thing that's happened to me yet this year  .  . the speeds are actually decent considering spectrum . Average 20 ,  but take a sharp dip during passing time @ Univeristy . That means No AC   no shower   no freezer   no microwave &gt  . hm . five rows  CRJ  ?  I am thankful for AC induction motors . mini golfing with Mitch    . beauty is in the eye of the beholder . power is out &gt   . basically modern presidential returns ,  medicaid expansion under ACA ,  Keystone XL . Fights in group chats are sooo entertaining to watch   .   . Does the park service even have the power to ticket me ,  or is this just a suggestion . Aka ,  am I legally required to pay it . Tey die if light is on them too long ,  so sheep with your lights on . I think i have more screenshots of my ipad lock screen than actual pictures on my ipad . I'm at @GeorgeWebb Restaurants  Waukesha ,  WI   . If I had a dollar for every time I almost stabbed myself with the bread cutting knife at work ,  I would make more than my hourly wage . heroin . Last Shorty Wednesday . Coke freestyle pro tip cherry Sprite is a kitty cocktail  . Apparently anyone over 35 does not know that you can fullscreen a youtube video . #technology . DON'T TALK ABOUT HIM LIKE THAT . he just can't let it go can he  ?  i am not okay with the fact that it is 2013 on one side of the planet and 2014 on the other side of the planet . you will never get it . College apps have been submitted . MY SHOES ARE SHIPPED JUST NOT HERE YET OK  ?  narcissism is dead . I see no difference  . I'm at Martino's Italian Beef in Milwaukee ,  WI  . New congress starts today   Tammy will be the new is senator from Wisconsin   . Some people on twitter get so sketchy at night #sketch #sketchytweets . #screw all of you who said last night that they already called today a #SnowDay . Score on midterm 1 &lt12  . if you let me go down the slide I'll bring you to campus . I think its actually better than the flatiza ever was . but they take like half my sale in fees ,  how could they possibly be hurting  ?   exactly what I was talking about . up . Golden Gate Bridge  !  My dads co worker gets to meet Russ Feingold ...  #Jealous . interesting no permits online for actual city of Milwaukee small cells ,  but several suburbs have them already . Saw the President with @chastaincaleb  ...  So that happened  . Jamba Juice closing is sad ,  but still not nearly as sad as Mia Zas closing #perennialTweet . YEAH IT IS . He's a growing boy literally shut up I'm an adult . those tickets probably cost 4 ... Salty . A319 . are you ok . I have tried it before and it's an excellent way to practice your swimming too . It's never a bad night to have a ponza . Magic conch ,  do I care anymore  ?  Sad  !  don't give @FakeUnitedJeff any ideas . Theres a bug in Android that makes my notification light go off non stop even if there is no notification.Current Annoyance level Shit Ton . #relatable #content #thanksforsharing #relatable . and you just quit your job too . I bit off way more than I could chew this summer and now I'm trying to swallow . Tonight is daylight savings time shit . I literally beat the proctors to the testing center #SAT #Stressed . Go watch man poms in 4K UHD  !  Delta leasing it or going to scrap  ?  Special sneak peak into the greatest physics project of the century  . The schools network is obviously not capable of handling the shier awesomeness of Tumblr . thats what the media wants you to do . Eye doctor appointment tonight   hopefully finally getting some contacts . OSpooky  . VoLTE  ?  When person behind you in lecture spills their coffee and it gets all over your backpack and shoes  . Reminds me of ap chem  . this is america  . am i still going to buy the moto 360 no matter what  ?  Hell yes .  . VAN is down 2 days before #GOTV  ...  OH NO  !  @OFAWI #Barackesha . still a scam . bust . I'm at Chipotle Mexican Grill  Hales Corners ,  WI   . ooohhh maybe some nice diversions to MKE today   . LEAFS LOOK LIKE ANIMALS . Just for the record ,  he might be our governor ,  but he is not my governor . Apparently you can snapchat @tacobell  ...  This changes the game . still gives 5 stars . Listening to the sub in computer science trying to explain debugging to me was utterly hilarious . not quite ,  but that cast button is dangerously close to the full screen button . I have been playing 8 ball pool for the last 2 hours ...  This could be a problem ... Skyfall . WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT . #preciousSpectrum . LIES . I am thankful for electronic funds transfers . coincidance  ?  I should really stapracticing for the SAT & ACT  #MidnightThoughts . Excuse for everything today Screw it ,  its my birthday . you already do with all those 1 on 1s #FellowsWI . VERY WRONG . NOT COOL @GOPLeader ERIC CANTOR #Fiscalcliff #Acceptthedamndeal #Blamerepublicans #my2k #Cutmytaxes . Hate to see all these people rushing to get summer bodies for spring break . Thank god I booked mine to Seattle  . every day is national frozen custard day james . so much for the coverage bands . If you went to a conceat Summerfest and the result is a 350 second snapchat story ,  your doing it wrong . but will it blend  ?  hey @FakeUnitedJeff  ,  NYT reporters hare hating on EWR . Fix it . Probs a high gain directional antenna . Why not just go with capacitive touch screens while their at it  . Uncle gave our family his badger season tickets #swaggy . A week ago today I yelled at a biker for not getting out of the way of an ambulance and I have seen that biker no less than 40 times since  . I already bought a damn yearly trail pass ,  I'm not getting a sticker . They are the same thing . that might explain the mighty MD80 roar . so Ubuntu phone basically  ?  #222 . First time in Texas  @ DallasFoWorth International Airpo DFW  in DFW Airport ,  TX w 56 others   . Sometimes the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world ,  are the ones who doRIP Steve Jobs . cough cough cough . Fell flat on my ass at least 10 times attempting to salt my steep driveway . so you have a DHL driver ? Les mis in Ap euro .      . If you are having a boaring spring break  . I AM SO TRIGGERED ARE YOU OK . they were going to play the silent game for a day 0 . gift  ?  If you say anything about socialism or communism or the red scare ,  @RedScareBot will tweet you ... How convenient that half the family shows up RIGHT before dinner is served . #Prompt #FamilyTime . Apparently some people are having a kids b day party at noodles ...  Why not I guess . hate . Now that christmas is over ,  everything is just flat out depressing until April . 1820's  ?  tomorrow at 5 am u can log in . FILLIBUSTER . The two kids who unicycle to PVMS every day are my inspiration . Ok Im really interested what you put your phone on to take this pic ...  the bread cabinet  ?  The door handle  ?  This is wild .  70 wind chill tomorrow morning in the upper midwest . MKE . jt . pro tip DONT DO IT  !  IF you like a sponsored page ,  it costs them money ,  as much as 3 5 a like  !  It was not ,  it instead lives on ,  controlling every government official ,  under its new name Illuminati  . colty . Dad brought home a gyro from the Parthenon in Madison  . I think @ARdpb was right when he said there was something special going on between you two ... A peoples history of Thanksgiving ,  written by the people  . Comcast  ?  #PurpleHats . you are actually very hurt ,  bc our method that you seriously denounced turned out to work   . You know you need a new computer when they make phones with faster processors and more RAM than your computer ...  #upgrade . I had to delete like half my apps to install iOS 7 #worthit #iOS7 . first time this year . its all set for the first OTA . You too @KHansen1724 ,  I'll be back mid may  !  Texas the next battleground  . THE PLAZA TAVERN . it was quite the drive ... Ap chem pre labs took way longer than I thought they would . You could say that the pre labs kicked my acetate #chemistrypun . @CDCgov Ebola is not spread through casual contact or through the air . Person of the month MASD employee who gave us off the day after daylight savings  . Tried to use the bedtime alarm on iOS 10 and overslept by an hour and a half #thanksApple . DEINE DEUTSCH PAPIER . Just realized that freshmen this year could have been born in 2000wow . of fucking buffalo sauce . I have seen grown adults throw tantrums over it . it was also called the iSlate . VoLTE  ?  chicken tenders . highly ironic that all Twitter 5.0 for android does is crash . That doesn't seem like it will help james  . Seriously the best thing i have seen in a while . Is it awkward to favorite a tweet of someone who is within 50 feet of you  ?  If you don't do it ,  scherbs will just take putty and exempt you from it . Maybe . saw someone running down park Sunday v early am with a Gordon's dining sign like where do you even put that . I saw my math 234 TA today on the 80 and said hi but he ghosted me . just sleep on the kagaen   you will learn via osmosis . The worst paof me not getting as big of a tax refund as I had thought is that I already spent the money I thought I was going to get . same . There is still a chance   . Have been seeing tons of @EricForSenate ads lately . Who do you think will win the WI R sen primary  ?  #sardines . Its 3 am and a phone is ringing in the the White house . Something is happening in the world . Who do you want to answer the call  ?  #Romney3AM . ok in my defense it was the same . sorry man not tonight  . I may not look pretti today but at least I am warm . 100% is a problem ,  those are prime WiFi channels  . Drive around with a WiFi mapping app . Flippin forensics judges contradicting themselves ...  Ranked 5,4,2 ... My jacket is on the vegetables  @KoehlerBear27 . NOOOO @AP BREAKING Hostess ,  the maker of Twinkies ,  Ding Dongs and Wonder Bread ,  is going out of business . FYI   my last 3 tweets were in response to a ppp suggestion . The only question how aggressive will the skin on android be ,  ? also level 3 . just like the frank underwood Zoe barns hype train  . 2 .  Potentially  make the hop from YYZ to JFK then BOOM 4 hrs tarmac time . @TheAshun Ordered Cards Against Humanity on an impulse Amazon Prime buy #ThriftyThursday . Family goes to chilli's and my sister orders Mac and cheese #seriously . PolitiFact Wisconsin  Gov . Scott Walker says Wisconsin has created almost 100,000 jobs since he took office  . yet . fancy . about two hours ago you related heavily to Mexican problemas so hm . Wow @SamRikkers   congratulations of the job . Confirmation is canceled  !     YESYESYESYESYESYESYES . I am thankful for high speed ,  low latency wireless broadband . Why did everyone in D.C . Decide to go to a random nationals game . resistant . I have a college library section for my English class and there was a fire alarm this morning and I was excited  . The question is ,  which one should my next profile pic be  ?  get  ?  I have 1200 videos in my youtube favorites playlist . What has my life come to  ?  Rn  ?  On the interstate  ?  Counter attack . Get one of those amped wireless 1.5 miles directional antennas . to sea . JELLOUS . Park lot is a puddle . Feet are wet . Sad day . They are apparently surprisingly hard to find . nooooooooooooooo . Tickets to DC that week are   Final Exams . Healthy eating is overrated . #waitlisted #denied #oshit . Buy comcast . line . It's a water fountain not a bubbler THIS  IS  WHY  YOU  PAY OUT  OF  STATE  TUITION . 90% sure the entire cast of duck dynasty Is at Woodman's right now . Sister has been literally singing along to the background music on the Wii homepage for the past 15 min ... So my package from amazon is in New Berlin ,  but wont be delivered till wednesday  ?  Ill just pick the darn thing up  !  Dear lady driving 10 MPH down blue mound road   I don't understand you ... I can now cross sprinting through the Atlanta airpooff my bucket list #MadeTheConnection . need help in the library tomorrow morning  ?  I do believe this is actually me  . how did it feel to early vote  ?  meaning you got a shipment from moto  ?  I have not synced my iPad in 2 years ...  Works just fine D . theres a sat on saturday ... SHIT I MISSED MY 2000th TWEET ON TUESDAY &gt  . today  ?  The city of Madison closes at 7pm and I hate it . Waiting for Woz to arive  @ General Mitchell International Airpo MKE    @mitchellairport   . Con of having my locker across from 124 The bible study people stalk me every Friday   please leave me alone ... I am thankful for SQL . you have the luxury of FIOS ,  Wisconsin has time warner   USE YOUR POWERS . but but but but #MIMomentum . I'm confused . just trying to make it to class without puking now tbh . A doughnut shaped planet is apparently possible  Petition to make a doughnut planet is now nessary . German was so boring today I almost fell asleep so I took a 5 hour energy mid class and still was barely awake . like  35 to  40 wind chill . they r on ur phone so . What is the point of C SPAN if I don't have a 24 hour live feed of Comcast executives crying real tears over the FCC killing their merger  ?  #FF is USInterior on instagram basically just the best pictures of national parks . A follow you will not regret . Panza  @ Jimmy's Grotto   . did you have any issue printing the certificate i can help with that . Double trouble House GOP eyes default ,  shutdown via @POLITICO for iPad  . If I get salomanila from eating this brownie batter ,  you could say that I died happy . canter . WHERE . Impulse bought a Nexus 6 . deadline  ?  I used to go to corn and tater fest every year is that better or the same . Naturally I get stuck in the frosh lunch hour  . Also people who say I'm glad I will never see them again ,  I'll miss no one need to stfu . whatever . Just sayibg . twitter Barton . you were there . #JFK wins by far   especially with the new @Delta terminal #TravelSkills . @TacoBell opened my snapchat but didn't respond '   . you should come talk to my Honers Government class  !  House Dems call for vote on fiscal cliff deal   Seung Min Kim    . I dont like seeing so many people so sad   . sounds good . do you want to buy some german candy  ?  oh wow . calc is my jam . GUESS WHAT DAY IT ISHUMP DAYYYYYalso new years . POS ... not the same but basically .  . In scherbs class ,  there all no deadlines besides the grade period ,  just looks of disdain from scherbs . This thanksgiving I am thankful for .  . @rv1raj Whats behind the hand  ?  Irony Google's logo today celebrates National Parks ,  but they are all closed because of #governmentshutdown THE IRONY . Has it been 6 months already  ?  Time for a new phone   . @FedEx Our FedEx delivery truck is at #SB49 with an important delivery for the @NFL  !  Stay tuned  !  roughly April 1 9th ish . Motorcycle swerved across the center line right in front of me on NN . Serious ABS usage . During the APUSH exam ,  Lucas and @chastaincaleb had a back cracking fight ,  and just owned them both with an earthquake back crack #suckit . SANTA CAME . Considering you are buying liquid explosive dinosaurs ,  gas prices are actually not bad ... Sprinting down the street half asleep to make the bus&gt&gt&gt&gt&gt . I even spelled my name out for the news paper lady . B O L K A ... Who on earth is John Bolba  ?  I want a shi  #unclothing . Congrats to lovely @bkoerth on getting hired as the @WisDems 2016 campus organizer for @UWMadison . Ilysm breeze  . The ultimate moral high ground  !  INCORRECT . My sister may be 13 ,  but she can still throw a very successful temper tantrum . Dumping Verizon for @TMobile today #Unleash . Are you serious . Honestly I was unaware it was monsoon week in Madison . THANK THE BIKE GODS ILY  . ALS Liquid Nitrogen Ice Bucket Challenge  This is crazy . Relatable . One of these days ,  Adblock is going to break the internet ... if I don't wake up tomorrow oh well drive yourself to green bay . Day was made when I found out my 14 year old sister traveling as an unaccompanied minor was forced into airpodaycare in Detroit  . Ohio state screwed my bracket '  . Its just amusing to watch this unfold . can confirm @jimmerjam11  ? Friday . How many mukbuks do I have to pay for all my teachers to have tissues  ?  Like not toilet paper  ?  #Exams  . too  ?  need to let the fresh ones know about Witte  . late night choices Conon ,  Fallon ,  Colbert . Who do I even pick  ?  Apparently the vet that is seeing our cat is really allergic to cats  ?  Like why did you choose this career path  ?  #NEEDENERGY to live . Whatever . Semrad . everyone is a hater tbh . 8 stitches in my left toe . Missed my tendon by 3 millimeters . #hospital .  . By some stroke of luck ,  I made it to mexico unharmed .  . you still have time to get drunk at the airport  !  Why not both ? Yo only 16 more school days till Christmas break   . SCENE 2  Antony 9 10   soothsayer 18   Brutus 39 40 ,  63 65 ,  85 89   Cassius 58 60 ,  93 96 ,  128 131 ,  139 141 #jcIii . Thoughts of Kristen making posters in scherbs  . #JohnBolkaYearInReview No more till next year I swear . BRB just spending all of tomorrow going on lyft trying to get a Tesla ... Apparently #PutinRockBands is trending ...  This needs to happen more often . why even use a proofer when its hot and humid amiright  ?  25% of the year done  !  YESSS . Electric blanket party #Coldpocalypse2014 . Apparently I have a Vitamin D deficiency   The Prescription  ?  50,000% Daily Value Vitamin D for 6 weeksNot a typo . Skype this weekend  ?  unlimited data . DUMB  . So I have heard . Joined the slingshot app  facebook's snapchat clone  so quickly that I got possibly the best username ever Googler . #appasswords letmein . Love walking from the third #SeniorYearIn5Words . Dog getting put down today . Merry fucking Christmas . In retrospect ,  streaming Netflix at the beginning of my data cycle was a horrible idea #ScrewYouTooVerizon  . Thankful the android twitter app is working again  . pls advise what is the apx location . i just kinda forgot about it   maybe this year i will again . when you are driving at 50 MPH . #PSA Friday the 13th tomorrow . i hate the iPhone omg I I I I . rang . Spot the fakes by seeing who is already wearing a jacket ,  hat ,  and scarf in mid September  ?  The verge . better stay up all night ,  just in case . The school needs to process the honor pass application asap so I can stagetting out early  . you literally snapped me pics of you o the bus to the library so hm . Fuck I had this exact same tweet in my drafts i was going to tweet damnit elie . ditto   . ILL SEE YOU IN Waukesha ,  Wisconsin . House across the lake is on fire  !  carb king . are onion spicy to begin with ... HUH . summer mark . Apparently the Or Naw thing is getting big with middle schoolers . Sister used it at least 10 times in the last hour  . north  ?  Verizon basically hates Nexus phones now ,  so tmo is a plus . she has the plan for debt free college . Not free . score.Blue line is the trend  . Of course I get the squeaky desk in study hall &gt  . Nexus  ?  Really good staat the #Badger game . Its about damn time Wisconsin . Finger slipped and bought a Moto 360 . Finishing my advanced scuba certification tonight . Then I can go 130 ft deep O #fancy  . why . Wow ... #illtakeit . Hi how are you doing todayItalian BMT . My mom is one of those people who watch videos on full volume in public . #JohnBolkaYearInReview pa2 . hi . oh my god never mind . Forget about it  NY People . Our school should totally buy a few carts of Nexus 7s and dump Novell for Google Apps . OH MY GOD I TURN 18 THIS YEAR #Spraypaint #Lotto . Pet peeve . twitter . On today's episode of junk emails I get to my Wiscmail  . James r u  . The new snapchat update would be cool if it wasn't insanely buggy . So much for Benghazi fever #seriously #doctorsknowtheirshit . #thankyouSteve . The world is a better place because of Nelson Mandela . Change in florida voter registration post Scott #itsnotacoincidence  . go to  . H8rz gunna h8Potatoes gunna tate . Just petitioned Democrats on the #supercommittee to deal corporate interests a defeat . Join me & @ProgressivesUtd  . They say college is about finding yourself ,  and I think the most notable thing I found this year is that I am in love with Buses  . Just for the record ,  our governor is on the record saying he wishes he could cause violence in protests against himJust for the record ... no but come to towers 904 and get registered  !  Sister shattered her 2 day old iphone's screen  . aka a hulu alternative . Hey @BarackObama & @MittRomney #dontforgeted #collegeboard . Big news everyone  !  Someone in CS lecture just got a tinder match  !  Full phone volume FTW  !  Dry spell over  !  Epic win  !  WiFi killer solves those problems . I swear that Vermont is like utopian America . 7th hr study hall next year  get out at 145 every day and 100 on Wednesdays    . Poorly executed puns are my purpose in life . are you sure  ?  #ff @AmbassadorRice . descend to hell . their working on it ...  Its why the bought a frick ton of Verizon spectrum for 2.4 B#ShotoniPhoneX #ad . it's just important to see that your candidate isn't some flip flop free God . He too is paof the establishment . Just finished reviewing renaissance & age of exploration for #Apeuro test ...  According to REA i have intermediate understanding #5 #score . I am bringing 8 Android chargers to college with me #MyCollegeLife . the fitbit is worse   the 100 pedometer . truth be told ,  neither did I besides the first half of the cram packet #truthhurts #ButIStillPassed . As long as you post about it on updog first . You completely missed me quoting John Maynard Keynes  . I wrote about how the curfew kills jobs for my writing assessment topic . I hope the reader doesn't take it seriously ... Paid with my phone at Jamba juice . #ImOneOfThosePeople . Wow I think the table I am at in College Library set the record for side eyes at us tonight yikes . There is special place in hell for shitty tippers . an alternate reality about who is actually winning with interviews from those people  ?  sounds vInteresting . I feel like it might have been paof verizon communications franchise agreement for full city fiber upgrade . With John  @ Qdoba Mexican Grill   . Ghosted by @sydneyr what's new tho . Epic interview  ?  oh my god that was horribly unhealthy . or it could be Verizon being all cozy with the city . Still 2 . yay trusts . Nice night to #GOTV for  @BarackObama and @TammyBaldwinWI     # Barackesha  . except for the 4 hr Samsung ad . but @FakeUnitedJeff is not satisfied enough to lower fares . also be ready for a #GoogleKnowledgeBomb Embedded in my project . stitches by Shawn Mendes . cc @kjon . #jobsspeech #JOBama about to start . some day . When  ?  I swear that all the teachers got together and said LETS MAKE THEM ANNOTE EVERYTHING THEY READ . Hi . I love it when people get in intense arguments on group chats I'm in . do it or else . Can we PLEASE make #Romney3AM a trending topic  ?  Inse3 am phone call joke here ... I think I'm going to pop  .  . Cc @matthewmrigney . Is it @bkoerth . S5 is legit coming out tomorrow #waitabit . yet  ?  has @ATT   your move @VerizonWireless . Hey @everyblock ,  please make Milwaukee your next city . #city17  . Sister is having a sleepover . URRRRRRR . explain . Had a Roasted Tomato and Mozzarella Panini at @Starbucks today   quite possibly the best lunch ever ...   this is your reminder tweet O . TMOBILE UNCARIER 4.0Just for the record ,  our governor describes his governing strategy as divide and concur Just for the record ... that plant kills people . morning . Happy new year everyone . specifically on southwest . speed test  ?  AND GUI  !  @Javalinos for lyfe . waukesha . Wait  ?  Sean White does not even metal  ?  !  ?  !  ?  !  ?  How  ?  stock  ?  After 10 years of upper class tax cuts ,  the jobs are still missing . Bonus  . Literally the first day I ever forget to pay for parking and I get a ticket  . heroes my life . survey says I am always right . remember back in January when you were oh so skeptical . 1 day 100 MB   10 ,  7day 300 MB 30 ,  14 day 500 MB 50 . By this same document ,  it is more commonly an abbreviation of street ,  therefore if anything  . next month will be big month for you . Today I look back and remember sitting at home ,  watching the unthinkable ,  confused at why someone would harm so many . #NeverForget . kyle . I too once cried on bascom about 4N6 . what if I puke like into the south zone . I was being sarcastic  !  My mother is a professional email forwarder . @macys I vote for #SconnieSpirit to win it all  !  Who do you pick  ?  #MarchMadness  . and it sucked to build . Daily Kos Teenage Mitt Romney assaulted a classmate in high school for being gay  . Watching my mom type 12 word per minute on her phone is so stressful . Spilling a tub of iced tea down my leg at work has to be one of the most humbling experiences of my life . Powers out   . I swear it is impossible for a majority of people to get above 35 on the freeway on ramp . #seriously . Not really a blizzard ,  but you get the point ... This is Deep    O . those are release Dec 1 . CHANGE PASSWORD . If Hillary runs ,  it's 'virtually impossible' she loses nomination ,  Gingrich says via @POLITICO for iPad  . but do they have pocket points deals .  . #tickets . Coverage is good   just speeds are about 13 usual   I tried on both an iPhone and Nexus 5 . Huntsman #answer . event beginning soon while its live . 4AB calc people does detlaff collect the packet  ?  treat you better by Shawn Mendes  . Actually that needs to stop . Lets burn leafs ,  that would be a great fall smell   my mom  . We need a snow day tomorrow . Honestly if I was a bouncer and I was going to turn a kid away anyway I would spook them and be like who is your state senator ?  615 ish . Last ever school shopping . was it the vegan one  ?  hm why do I feel like this is a stolen quote . I can't wait ,  it's been amazing in the past and this year will be a blast . grant truly taking carsons non politically correct view haha . Just for the record ,  our governor supports women getting paid less then menJust for the record ... Great content ROMM . Homecoming ticket for sale    800 OBO . Ita entertaining seeing Austin tweet from Austin . spoiler alert the SAT actually gives you time to finish . obviously there to sit in the first lady's box at the #SOTU . Ill just take a passive point here and blame my auto correct .  Curse you LG G3 . That's 16,949 Mercedes S Classes . its not thattttt bad right @ScherbsAPUSH   . they are molding the SAT even more to the common core in a year or so . Annoying for us students . the acronyms are not twitter appropriate ... office  ?  Now is that two week period when Wisconsin transitions from unbearably cold to unbearably hot . Registered to vote today   . Upgrades  ?  If you jump a line at the airport ,  I hate you  @ General Mitchell International Airpo MKE    @mitchellairport   . If your flight gets canceled ,  dont take your anger out on the gate agent . They dont control the weather  !  Who even subscribes to sprint proper anymore  ?  Its all about those MVNOs . this is completely true #chadhasachallanger . I swear if this lasts more than a few hours ... How I feel when my pizza falls apa . or get better coverage for cheaper with a 75 Verizon prepaid hotspot . I got Thomas Jefferson  appropriately  . ICONIC  @ California Pizza Kitchen   @calpizzakitchen   . flustered . The oscars has just become a collected series of bits . On a scuba trip in southern Illinois ...  Very close to KY and TN #scuba #dive . The ads on during the Olympics are way more inspiring than the Superbowl ads . Its a matter of principle ,  not one of money . Always loved the 717 .  . the establishment . DID YOU YELL BACK . Most Quality snap story in ages  . ICE everything is ICE . 2014 was all hype . 2015 is all game . Its Ben & Jerry's O'Clock . All game ,  no hype  new bio right there . Nah ,  it takes a lot for me to consider one a serial asshole . If you are ever feeling unproductive   remember that the 2012 London Olympics logo took two years and cost 600,000 to finish . incorrect . #WIrecall #SOS . nice help removing 1 word from this tweet had . Just because the medicine is hard to swallow ,  does not mean you should ignore the disease . #EarthDay . world you nominate kids to serve in the page program  ?  #wisen . reminiscent of #WordChoiceWednesday in APUSH . nice job  !  NOOOOO . NO . Airpotomorrow at 4 am turn down for what . Yo mamma so classless she could be a Marxist utopia ...  @APEuroProbs . #edshow volunteering to #recallwalker . Iron count too high to donate #FeStrong . subsavage . Runs on java . thats what Putin wants you to think #Sovietconspiracy . VA sen . You have nothing to fear ,  but fear itself . Although you could argue the opposite ... Does it let you fly the 5th avenue GAP for free . not for too much longer   . I was wondering that in DFW last week . Coupons plz AA . Hey @TWCHelp feel free to drop @wtmj4news   they deserve no premium for their programming   they have like 5 weathermen  !  4th graders on a Capitol tour are taking a group picture and they all just dabbed . This is the future liberals want . People who call custard ice cream must be stopped . Saw a guy run a red light ...  Apparently running a red arrow is OK if people can co strait  ?  #YOLO . Silver lining out of New Jersey tonight  ?  HRC leads Christie 49 43 in exit polls #2016 . Using the 80 while it lasts before a whole bunch of moms opt out of 80 in seg fees and now their fat  . I am thankful for cats . RIP . Literally she already won why is he wasting money at this point . Why do no stores have the special Android @KITKAT bars  ?  I need a Nexus 7   . their network is not capable of the VoLTE  &gt VoWiFi handoff so their probably just waiting on that . Or on the Mexico LTE build out . Anti Prom  at @PicknSaveFoods w 2 others   . solution Google fiber everywhere . At @MitchellAirpoto watch the last AirTran flight out of Milwaukee leave  . Snow in October #WisProbs . already are  @ your pinned tweet  . call it what you want ,  but it can not be undone . I live for backlit keyboards . SCHOOL IS CANCELED MONDAY . bleak . wait is that that one museum from night at the museum  ?  Pro tip if you are in Milwaukee today ,  request an ice cream truck on the @UberMKE app   totally worth it . version  ?  AWS HSPA shutdownre farm timeline  ?  Urban PCS LTE wCA timeline  ?  Remember if you are 18 on or before tomorrow ,  you CAN VOTE  !  Register at the polls ,  just bring proof of residence  a driver's license works  . you're great at tweeting links  . Waukesha is so insignificant we don't even have a snapchat geofilter . May the birthday fourth be with you @ashleykoehler . BEN  !  AND MATT  !  Im poor give me money #EsuranceSave30 . Toppers pizza   . O . Netanyahu to Chuck Todd 'Don't hog it' via @POLITICO for iPad  . Madison should really just changes CS367's title from Intro to Data Structures to Advanced Scanning and String Parsing . Played saxophone today for the first time since I dropped band 2 years ago.Conclusion I can still play songs I memorized in 8th grade . If you are having a shitty summerweeknight   this video of a baby seal will always chear you up   &gt  . Ughhhhh why dies DT hate TMUS . Driving past Kopps with momMe ooo KoppsMom Breaks hard . whatever you get on the final  a few points extra to make your exam grade a bit higher . SNL Open was perfect ,  and completely accurate . Hey all you basicsCome TRY SCUBA DIVING FOR FREE today and tomorrow at Wings over Waukesha . Tweet me for more info . Fact on your 18th birthday ,   the chances of winning the lottery increases 800% . Touchwiz is so shitty . #asianprobs . Everything not saved will be lost  Nintendo Quit Screen .  . You dont know how many screenshots i have of my lock screen on my ipad ,  because i tried to hit both buttons too soon . #mylife . big bend . I have a feeling they tinkered their algorithms for tonight to limit bad press . Just had a dream about Robespierre  @APEuroProbs #Apeuro #study . Switching to @DIRECTV because @TWC is way overpriced . whitewater . Double Jeopardy . Whenever I see someone post a pic using cell data in a different country ,  I cringe thinking about the massive cell phone bill they will get . then it will be over ... Really good burgers for the same price as mc dicks . So go here instead @oscarscustard  . I wouldn't be surprised if it snowed tomorrow .. #WisconsinWeather . You know what pisses me off  ?  The work Actually ...  Its worse than 'moist' . I challenge you to a bare foot contest . I am thankful for the interstate highway system . WI . I question people who retweet screenshots of Tumblr ,  but say they are too cool for tumblr  #getwiththeprogram . 5 its a deal . Its like Chinese water torture but with non existant notifications . VAN .  . crazy eagers . After a month and a half of hard work ,  I have finally finished the entire series of the office . I Literally Can't   Saturday Night Live  . does . I thought we already established that I am basically Paul kruegman  ?  Hate the sound your teeth makes when the dentist scratches them  . Dentist . i don't know if you get the point of rootmetrics ,  but it is a crowd sourced map . It helps everyone . glasses . oscaaasss . that's irrelivent . Gotta sign up for the beta on android . You get a new phone basically whenever and you could get unlimited data . Lot of thinking lately .  . That's bullshit . I put 25 mukbucks into the preferred parking raffle   .  . Yet another year I have moved further away from the CS buildingWorkClass  !  I love myself  !  people talking bout how MHS just gives people an excuse to feel good about thenselves . ME TOO . I binge watched an entire season . I want the DVD set for christmas . Days of school &lt 1Jesus pamphlets received 4 . this is incredibly problematic . Also on a Tuesday night  ?  does it charge LIGHTNING fast   . I will give 1000 to the first person to make gluten free bread that is actually good . summerfest  ?  I'll never forget this night . Ever . then stop falsely characterizing her plan . Who knew Bradford beech is so sketchy ... I would reccomenders that show to anyone . Watch the whole thing asap . i really didnt like it at all ... Apple's servers acting up   . Badger Game  @ The Kohl Center   @uwmadison for Prairie View A & M Panthers vs Wisconsin Badgers w 6 others   . speed test   how much bandwidth  ?  That's either the northern lights or a cloud . well hello . I hate when I can't play 8 ball pool cuz I have no reception #thestruggle . Just cut my pinkie toe open   need stitches bad   TO THE ER . It's great I can tell whenever someone Facebook stalks me cuz the two pages I ownpost about tell me #gotcha  . The only thing worse that could make this flight worse is a middle seat  . Why does my hair look nice in the morning ,  but when I get to school ,  its all over the place  ?  Same kid is also rubbing Cheeto dust on our couch &gt  . If you can't play phone music at lunch ,  then you shouldn't be able to play your shit guitar music at lunch . #thevoice #stfu . Apparently anything has a starting price of 50 ! If you haven't started to study for euro   may god have mercy on your hopeless soul ... The noise your teeth makes when the dentist scrapes them Is the worst thing ever . and dont click those damn links . having absolutely nothing to do the last 4 days of school is nice . me please  !  and did good things happen ellie bur  ?  Dont bring your phone ,  because not even the simple choice plan has cheap coverage there . i will damnitThis is america . thx   . As a Wisconsin resadent ,  i approve this message . crap ...  No lucky tickets    .  . Won 5 google @GooglePlay credit off a kitkat bar D#Winning #Cash #AppsUpInHere . meh . I have been at the airpofor 5 hours now and I feel like my life is just a race to see how much fast food I can consume . this was gross  . college . 27 ACT . It is #snowing today . Instantly making today awesome . @reppaulryan As one of your constituents ,  I'm asking you to help create jobs by extending the President's payroll tax cut . Christie No to armed school guards   Bobby Cervantes    . Face of disapproval  . ICONIC . We will miss a great person in this world #SteveJobs #isad . are you at GE  ?  TEMPS  !  #YOLO . SO to @VerizonWireless for cock blocking the Nexus 7 from their LTE #seriously #INeedFastLTE #samespectrum . 890,000 . Mr . Michelson was the most legit student teacher ever  . Young tricker treaters #awwww #Halloween #candy . DONE YOU DARE USE OUR HASTAG   . yes ,  it is very sad . Why is the guy on all of the Team @Snapchat stories so sketchy ...  look I made a cha . note 5 is going to be 4k ...  Crazy . see tweet for instructions pls . im going to have to side with andi on this one scherbs . Tried to convesmoke machine into flame thrower for halloween ,  but it did not work   . Applied to be a ticket taker at summerfest . the former governor of Philadelphia . that's the self optimizing network  SON  shrinking coverage to provide usable service to a few people . I'm at Buffalo Wild Wings   @bwwings in Waukesha ,  WI  . Shout out to @TWC for third world internet speeds in a first world country . Calling it right now Snow day tomorrow . @TheAshun . We get it . For sure by John Bolka . #poetweet  . I am thankful for Google . James menden has a 4.4 star Uber rating in never driving with him again . I feel like they are getting the Memphis treatment . Emergency cereal run at targt . I just challenged you in quizup econ so get ready to be wrong . Apparently 12% of my followers are from Romania  ?   source  . Fonding my coke rewards codes in the stands    #Badgers . Canvassing for @BarackObama and @TammyBaldwinWI in Brown Deer #WINsconsin today  !  well if it is physically too big to lift over your head ,  should it qualify as a carry on  ?  Les Miserables is really cleaning up   . Brianna Koerth is ghosting me on our Facebook friendaversery . all Verizon w 10 MHz B13  15 MHz B4 with CA enabled . #ivoted in the Wisconsin primary today ,  and so should you  !  hi I'm excited to live with you too ?  ?  ?  ! #vinefun #magic  . Although this lady did not appear to be a politician in training . Milwaukee has been overtaken by smog today . I die a little inside every time I hear the ice tray dump in the freezer and all of it goes everywhere except the ice holder   . @TPM Six of 11 Colorado counties vote in favor of secession  . The #SuperBloodMoon hype is a bust . I'm from Milwaukee  !  Ask me if you wanna know the good places  !  Oh wow . broken link  ?  next week will have a new phone call from Facebook to twitter Facebook twitter twitter Facebook Facebook app and Facebook . I would need a PhD for that       . When you think something is funny but your friends don't ...  3 letters in the mail today   self esteem at all time high . Apparently my parents are really in to some Dutch TV program they found on Netflix . #SubtitlesOnly . destined to be a computer engineer  !  Tomorrow is the last time I ever go to an English class .  . yo chris do you have a tesla  ?  #JohnBolkaYearInReview pa7 . Dont do it . I have these really good ben and jerry things I'll bring one later . new credit cards coming soon  !  it  ?  end  ?  My best scare attempt  . We only have like two months left to spring break ,  and then schools basically over . #thingsThatKeepMeGoing . aughhhhh . If the seahawks get this touchdown my dad wins 1250 in a pool . This needs to happen . it was a bust  . So done with people now . did you loose all feeling in your foot during the tattoo incident  ?  Pro Tip If your going to rip off someone's tweet ,  try to wait at least 6 hours first . #protip . Going through all my old files to transfer to a new computer ,  and boy was I interesting in 6th grade ... no regrets . Mexico pics finally on the Facebook  . I just got bit by a mosquito #uwspring . computer   but there is no time to search answers ...  This was also 2 springs ago .. May or may not have impulse bought a T Mobile high speed data pass . lel  . Only middle aged white moms use Facebook often anymore . OFA Waukesha is packed for the @DemConvention watch party  !  It smells badddd . #standWithDelta . billions of beef . but I want to be just as much of your friend as @BWCohen so I am playing his game yikes . its just a big iPod touch that will never sell well  cynics . Why are all the rebellions in US History named after food  ?  I litteratly just saw 25 police cars racing down sunset ...  #shitsgettinreal . Am I the only one who thinks this might be a Verizon model  ?  I want to saw TWC ,  but can't be sure . I'll run a trace ROUTE sometime and figure it out . Nearly cried watching the episode of the office where Michael left '  . Pro 100% better screen ,  faster ,  and future proof . Tercine took us outside to dance in the snow   . edgerton . Confirmation was soooooo fun tonight #not #letmeout . just make shit up . that's incredibly sad . This is a lot .  #firstworldproblems . Voyager 1 ,  and human civilization ,  finally leave the Solar System  . no . I'm happy too ,  I just wanted to emphasize that datoj and I were right . My mother is no longer allowed to use emojiis  . I gotchu . or like maybe a midterm THE FRIDAY OF HALLOWEEN HM @ ECE 352 HM . couldn't check before I went back to school ,  but VZ is not a wireline in the area . 3.25him  !  Excuse my sassy hand position ,  and focus on the Mayan ruins @ Zona Arqueolgica de Tulum  . Honestly I am thriving off all this delta propaganda on the seat back TV .   . Screw the shopeople who take the tall bubbler . When the power randomly goes out for the entire building #ShittyWitte . I may have been horribly underdressed but seeing @chucktodd at the Orphium was still pretty cool . stockbackorder  ?  screw you Levi it feels like Sunday night  . Like after a long walk  ?  Cynical statements are always appreciated in 270 also . MKE  ?  where is @RedScareBot when you need him  ?  We have MARXISTS IN DA HOUSE . I hated Claire anyway #HouseofCardsSeason3 . Wait what  ?  #EsuranceSave30 . I'd be cranky too if someone told me I had to be specific when I didn't know my specifics . verizon has ben getting progressively slower over the past few months ... #JohnBolkaYearInReview pa3 . Marching down state street won't change an election ,  volunteering would have #slactivists  . is that Americans 321T  ?  #WINsconsin . will he get a new air force one ,  as the current 747 gets older  ?  Would it be a smaller plane  ?  As unions pull money from Flak ads ,  it becomes apparent that Barrett will be the Dem . nominee for governor . #wirecall . Panera Voter . #MakeItHappy . i will write them all down and have john give it to you . really  ?  Ill give it to you there . brush up on Latin next ... google  ?  What did I say #hottertake  . did you OTA or sideload  ?  Carrier  ?  can I have the @snapdragon username now   . Wisconsin . but everyone is dead in the long run  !  . @jcpenney is most likely drunk tweeting the superbowl . Moving on to the Seattle train . That nationwide ad went from  to 0 real fast . not enough TK . The TV in my apartment won't turn to any other channel becides TLC what kind of hell is this . rip . TOBY IS LEARNING SQL  !  yayayayayayayaayyyy . Lead story on the local news is Wasps worse this year rough news day  ?  #Localnews #makesyouwonder . maybe they finally stopped throtling it . fact fiber and ethernet installations are more reliable than copper . The last 10 ice bucket challanges I have seen haven't even had ice in them . Do it right people . Woodmans The only place you will ever find non GMO ,  Organic Pop Tarts . AP chem people remember to bring your item for the Taco Bar Potluck party thing  !   #tacoparty . I hope this next quarter goes better   . D . look @ you go  . I already have grad schools picked out  #UWFreshman in College Court . Currently 32 aka sweatshiweather . hm . West ave in Waukesha . Once a street ,  now a great lake . same . Nobody come to the wauk fair . It is super boring   all you can do is eat . Nexus 6 vs iPhone 5s . #Massive  . Honestly 70% of my texts  .  . Scores went up last night . Heres my thing cc @kjon  . witch hunts . Max speeds up to 3 Mbps  !  Such amaze . be  ?  i saw it . I personally didnt think it was amazing movie wise ,  but more of a story type thing . Anyone who wants to look over physics with Patterson and I should DM me . Cc @MitchellAirport . Wisconsin is WORST in US for jobs . We lost jobs over the last year . Does this swing the recall  ?  How Ironic ...    @Windows New #Windows8 Spot Don't drop the ball  . RIP Daniel Inouye . #Hypocrisy Catholic Hospital Chain Kills Wrongful Death Lawsuit by Arguing that a Fetus is not a Person  . @droidlife Galaxy Nexus Will Not Receive Android 4.4   hm . I'll help ya . Saved my iPad from falling on concrete ...  That was way too close ... you may question @NateSilver538 's methodology now ,  but it was damn effective in 2012 . there goes my SAT sign up fee . Its official now  !  #inauguration . For once in my life ,  I try using the bank instead of cash and I just get  . And yes I am your unofficial twitter weather man ,  because you are too lazy too look out your own window P . Tips from a jeep ad   throw a flare into a dry field . #fire . I would strongly recommend it . Only get Edge in the boonies . Any moderately populated area has 4G . Their upgrading the half of 2G  &gt 4G by end of yr . Facebook poking former employees of campaign 2016 to the point they think I am trying to get a hold of them . it used to be consistently 20 30 and sometimes peak at 50 ,  now the average is around 5 with peaks at 15 . video . @verge The SAT is going back to 1,600 points  . It snowed last night aka everybody go 30 on national . So long AP Chem  . AirTran got the chepos going to Florida ,  United prefers the rich folk going to Hawaii . AND TOUCH THE GLASS SO HELP ME GOD #ImNotAFish . is it really unreasonable to work 10 hours a week  ?  Lord knows how you skated through college . Time to switch to T Mobile ,  follow the ways of @JohnLegere . I might actually have to watch it  . oops I lied . i now realize emojis on Android are vastly different than ios . in'14 . So thankful   . ok   . Hey twitter peeps   snap chat me  caesium  yes its the element  . try pouring red bull in your eyes ,  blinking twice ,  and repeating as needed . Im still in disbelief I waited an hour in line for two donuts . To kid listening to scremo in study hallPlease turn it downCC Other possible offenders Love ,  John Bolka   . If you were stupid enough to fall for a subsidized phone on a 2 year contract ,  Verizon has a droid turbo for just 1 . powered or non powered  ?  737 MAX RYAN AIR edition . Its freaking warm outside . basically all the makings of a scam ,  but required to get into college . That awkward moment when a dudes phone starts playing wrecking ball in study hall ... #seemslegit . The Christmas roast was too undercooked ,  so our family has been reduced to the KFC festive feast . rebuttal . Do I get a gold star for using a Computer Science term in my APUSH bookwork  ?  Yes ,  yes I do . MADISON MADISON MADISON MADISON . therealverge . but after that its basically the home stretch to graduation  . 3rd wheel . ok hillary . FASTER INTERNET . John I am going to throw up RIGHT NOW ...  I am not going to make it to the bathroom why would you want more  !  ?  !  I have no motivation to write this hamlet essay  . my posey commin too . THOU SHALL NOT PASS POLAND . House of Cards keeps me going tbh   . A friendly reminder that if you turned 18 recently ,  you can vote in tomorrow's primary . Bring your ID & register at polling place . You better retweet that ,  I felt pretty fucking clever . Oliver's dingo comment must have really got to wheeler . Going balls deep with even wireless title 2 . Liberty Party . Pleasure to meet Sen . Elizabeth Warren today . hm . This last chem test really humy grade ...  Only got a 99 #lowestthisquarter #ouch . tell #GOP to get out of the way . Take charge . My sister thinks shes funny  ?  Wait till I put an anoyatron in her room &gt     #Priceless . You have been paying attention to soccer for 3 weeks ,  you must be so invested in the world cup . See  . We should staan android circle jerk club at mhs . Want to win and Oscar  ?  Work on Gravity apparently . Using RAID to kill an entire hive of hornets is the most satisfying thing . Next week on your Facebook live I look forward to seeing UW's leisure pool . Reid threatens to nuke filibuster via @POLITICO for iPad  . Wednesday tomorrow  ?  #Illtakeit . its still a dumb idea . boy are they in for a treat  !  Waukesha is quite the lovely town  !  Come during summer fest in June and there is a lot more to do . My folder for reaction GIFs on my computer has an entire sub folder for Leonardo de caprioI have a life . it would be very cool   i applied for their teen show 2 years ago ...  Qualifying test was hard af . How many shootings does it take before society realizes that the average Joe should not be able to buy an military wepon . Happy 4th everyone  . next time . sign up for email ,  and they send out notification when they are doing a test . that's really establishment of you to say . Me too  ?  I ordered something 1 day shipping ,  and it didn't make it to memphes last night   still just label created . It makes me so nervous when I see people flying down charter on a bike with their arms crossed on their chest . Nobody realizes that today will affect how fast your phone is for the next decade #AWS3 #SpectrumCruch . fun fact he once spelled Governor    Governer on a letter ...   Oops . it  ?  hate to see James Menden not enjoying his free trip to California ?  ? And a shirt ,  you want it  ?  I'll priority mail it to ya . Big Words were indubidly proliferated per Sir Thomasical Gergantiunation II . #BigWordFriday #Scherbs . FOUR cops pulled out behind me on national ... CAN YOU NOT . Are you defending sprint  ?  what game is this  ?  I know they know ,  I just want them to know . Achievement unlocked  . tough ,  i quit german after this year . Oops I accidently just bought a bright yellow phone case  .   What am I going to tweet about now  ?  its a work in progress . Their hearts are in the right spot &lt3 . Whole foods is a utopia of food . you are a genius . Is this a subtweet @BWCohen . update in the cooler . It's going past subway rn . #Swaggggg . really counting on the CDC to not screw this one up . P . Very publicly falling up the stairs of Van Hise sums up the end of this year quite well . Update the lyft got trapped between fire trucks and is literally stuck  . promo  ?  whateverrrrrr . wisdom of 14 year old John ...  I wish I had the self confidence of the people who walk in to a 50 minute lecture 30 minutes late . Saw POTUS today in Madison . I feel like I'm going to pop . This Christmas ,  thank the real Santas who work 14 hr days from thanksgiving till Christmas . Ur a Madison 10 to me  . Completely out of the blue too . Just for the record ,  our governor has no college degree . Just for the record ... Its not new years yet . I do what I want  at @BaskinRobbins   . have fun with sub par data speeds D . under 6 hours to AP scores ...  and yes I AM waking up at 5 to see them #itsgettinreal . This is a semi large problem . I'm at Kopp's Frozen Custard   @koppscustard  Brookfield ,  WI   . Sorry you abandon us for a week and a half to transcend into the forest . VAN told me . i swear this vine worked way better in the middle of chem . the parthanon is the best though . Kansas with a google fiber question . Wait is his name taco  ?   . Its freaking 50 degrees in my house   parents refuse to turn the heat on &gt  . One of my favorite things is when @sydfromonline ghosts my texts then goes on twitter and tweets and posts snap stories '  . what if this tweet was once a draft and you just tweeted it   O.oSo apparently I get to work at a catering job in stallis over the summer  .  . APUSH is a pain in the butt . im just sayin   you make like 600 a week and cant buy your own games ... Laying in my bed playing with a laser pointer for the past 30 minutes ...  I'm basically a cat . new low someone just took a portrait mode picture of a Starbucks cup #millenials . Watching grown adults throw a tempter tantrum because we ran out of a specific bread is my favorite pass time . #APMatchMaker . BERNICE . Nice job Dayton . Sherbs shall not discount our studying methods because they work . I'm at Martino's Italian Beef  Milwaukee ,  WI   . Can I HELP YOU . relieving to know . This is basically sweater weather . Anti prom in the basement . IT WORKED . We're going off the #fiscalcliff  ... what was the passfail rate for our class  or even 1st vs 4th hr  . Cashews are da best &lt3 . I really didn't feel like explaining it in the middle of the movie ,  hence the 'whatever' . lets starbuck tomorrow   . Ever wondered what boiling watermelon juice does  ?  IT MAKES THE WORST SMELL IN THE WORLD . All this hail makes me hungry  @ Qdoba Mexican Grill in New Berlin ,  WI   . Having unlimited data is one of the most freeing experiences ever . Vernon has power ... Vernon &gt Mukwonago . promises .   .  44% .I am soooo happy right now   #APscore #APEuro #StandardizedTestWINNING .  . they wouldn't dare release the X  1 and nexus 6 on the same day would they  ?  If you feel inadequate today imagine being the worms trying to cross university during passing time . active  . VERY WRONG . Be Bachman's campaign manager is the #HardestThingToDo . The last time @SenRonJohnson put out a press release concerning policy ,  it was 1116 about #Obamacare .. #Donothingsenator . College Library is so sterile and academic  fashion major . Mom here's some money ,  go get dinner Me oh  . I just added every event I know about for the next year to @googlecalendar #Productive . Anybody around here have @TMobile  ?  I want to switch from @VerizonWireless but was wondering how their data speeds are around here  ?  sas machine . Honestly the 630 am 28 is such a mixing pot of UW . You have UW hospital doctors ,  rowers ,  two subway employees ,  everyone basically . their only 2 after wiscard discount at Wisconsin #win . A simple act get off the back door it's not that hard  . you literally refuse to leave your apartment when its cold ,  who are you showing off your style to  ?  Your roommates  ?  fun fact Madison was the first metro area to remove all of its lead pipes . Only if they are black . #JohnBolkaYearInReview pa5 . Honestly I miss the deans list every semester for the same reason . Cant make the celebration  !  Pass  !  Hey @chastaincaleb how dem broncos doing  ?  get yourself one of those AT & T microcells . Moving across the US to AZ . Saw the last remaining relative on my dads side of the family for the last time today . neither they are appropriating you . climb  !  climb  !  yoke shakes . In Milwaukee it is apparently OK to walk out in front of a car going 35 #citylogic . My G3 dosent fit in the cupholder when i drive   #phabletProbs . When your alone in the store and get this  . If you haven't gone to Ian's pizza at 2 am have you even gone to Ian's  ?  I could hand you the keys to @meowitsbrianna . Not 5 minutes has passed at the family #thanksgiving ,  and a Cheeto has already been ground into our carpet . BestFamilyEva . Siri I have 100 followers on twitter  !  its really real when the company loves you so much they name their programming language after you #swiftlang . Memo to the school No one uses Facebook anymore . I'm sure everyone is having a great time at a beach in some fancy place . FarmVille 2 is the future . Seattle more like eattle . same . Sexual . Now that the jelly belly factory is leaving Wisconsin ,  we are down to what now  ?  Five cheese museums  ?  Live look how long does it take for a person with a PhD in computer science to make a document camera work  ?  is this what you think about while you are at the west transfer point  ?  App idea app to check the see if the old people hogging the tables at the terrace are actually union members . twist ties for tie day . who knows that the 3rd is doing rn  . Yes fellow seniors ,  it is time to stathe cliche This is my last thing . BUT THEY RUN ON CLEAN NATURAL GAS  !  softcard  ?  A steak pun is a rare medium well done . what on earth are you doing you are literally laying in bed all day  ?  Tbh incredible that people in 500 level classes don't understand how to sit in columns for an exam . no . you have 4 days . relish in that fact . I avoided becoming a tomato in mexico before my senior pictures  . #SnowDay tomorrow . how long did you toast  ?  I need to do this tomorrow  .  . the real question is why were you up at 2 am  ?  Dang internet  wifi  is down  !  #thestruggle . is that a @UberFacts  ? you will never be as hip as hillary with hot sauce . also have  a gluten allergy . Yes ,  Im one of those people . @elonmusk About time to unveil the D and something else  . love that van thinks I'm my dad . the technical term is racewalking . Whats annoying about AP Econ is every concept is common since ,  but its actually really complicated . ask John L about our acronyms ... Am I the only one who wants to go see gaga at summerfest this year  ?  #alone . all that matters is that USB Port . snapchat 101    . At BW3s with these bums   @TheAshun and Doud  . Sydney not sydney wow  !  This is how I answer all of Sherry's edmodo post quiz survey  . I just kinda sat there and stared at him . Told my owner to go look back at the camera recording for a good laugh . buy the REA crash course   its a super condensed review with only SUPER important stuff ...  Also in bullet point format . should we just dance in front of Hillary placards for 4 mins  ?  forever . Life is a box of chocolates and i'm lactose intolerant . Whatever . app works fine . Judging by the cookware my mom wants me to buy for college she thinks I'm a MasterChef . Nice content syd . #SenyaSchedule  . What the hell is this . OK hail that's cool . It is also important to realize just how the bitcoin network works . I'll tell u Monday #StudyUpInNetworking . was it AMAZING . Someone please tell the press that no one cares about the Brewers dog.Seriously . Olympic skaters have MASSIVE thighs . I think it creeped my mom out that I changed my Siri voice to Australian male . comprimise  !  Vaguely cryptic . A few days ago when it was 60 I was like wow it hasn't been nice on my birthday for years and now as I write this it's kinda showing ish . those are all very red state dems that risk losing the seat for dems all together if they vote for it . iCar ,  a telsa killer #iBet . him  ?  DONT DROP APUSH NOOOOOO . if you toast it for like 120 on the merrychief topped pizza setting ,  its a crispy crust pizza  !  Worth the 40 min drive  at @BaskinRobbins in Wauwatosa ,  WI   . Freshman at the lunch table be next to us be like  . 100% cried the last episode #noshame . Ghetto birthday cake  . Wait was there a nice sunset tonight  . I have also decided that Ruby on Rails is my next online course endeavor . Why does @udacity not have one   . This is it .  . I would legit pay 200month for @VerizonFiOS . he looks high right now . Typical joe . IBM faving and retweeting me totally made my day   . This is gold  . midwesterners . also do a snap along pls . That doesnt explain why you left your shinext to the shower . Listening to a best buy employee try to describe chrome books to my mom was too stressful . Birthday dinner  @ Taylor's People's Park in Waukesha ,  WI   . campus organizer life . I wish I was in a class where I could write fancy stuff all over the whiteboard at the library so I looked super smart . Milwaukee salts the shit out of the freeways in the winter . White you see is salt not snow . not as desperate as the field pitch I got this afternoon #yikes .  . the holocaust . Oh wow . time to persue baseless speculation  !  try the secret menu item Calamari   they are required to say no 5 times . Hi @facebook can u disable the memories feature for today thx  . Everyones all salty . I might just give up . Two weeks till 18 #sudafed #lotto #spraypaint . better skip German to watch the game . oh thank god . Ill be watching then  !   ...  Given that you represent WISCONSIN it would be nice if you tweeted times in CENTRAL time ...  Thank you . #GOP . Is it bad to dilate and drive  ?  the new normal . This is the new America . Special thanks of the night goes out to @AmericanAir for breaking off my prized bag tag   . Is it really thanksgiving if all the family does is watch football  ?  what have you become Brianna . Dems ,  tea party unite vs . McConnell via @POLITICO for iPad  . Chick singing national anthem probs didnt change key at all #thevoice #americanidol . @APforStudents Today in 1872 ,  Susan B . Anthony was fined 100 for trying to vote in a presidential electon . #apush #apgov #scherbs . @BBBaumgartner Well hello Green Bay . It's nice to be in you again . Be gentle this weekend. KEVIN FROM THE OFFICE IS CURRENTLY IN SCONNIE . it was all your choice tbh . Spend 3 hours today working for 4 for years ,  and help @BarackObama . @OFAWI #GOTV #Barackesha SIGN UP AT  . So if it takes a crane to build a crane then what came first  ?  The crane or the crane  ?  no WI stores have them in stock so I ordered it online on thanksgiving   wondering how long that will be . device  ?  A BLT on gluten free bread with  1 strip of bacon is the definition of insanity . Cilantro in my hair  ?  #GuacamoleProbs . always . Has anybody actually ever used the @Snapchat video chat for anything  ?  Wanna watch a botched Ice bucket challenge  ?  still haven't made any friends  ?  Also on my mind isn't it convenient to live in the central time zone  ?  How are my neighbors rich enough to blow up this much money on the 3rd of July  ?  help . That lady changed key so many times she could be on american idol . 40 years of national record outweigh 10 years of state record . Wait till the right wing grinder hits Bernie . OSCARS . Woz . Waukesha WI ,  so the Milwaukee market . I live in constant fear that someone I know will find my youtube channel I made in 6th grade . Or for the same price ,  pay the 1 GB overage on an actual network . I swear I'm not british . don't get salty with me just cuz ur losing our poke war . I swear everything my family eats is healthy before my mom puts a stick of butter on it . PREACH . you do you . Need jobinternship this summer ...  Any ideas  ?  Anybody know when the PSAT is this year  ?  @CollegeBoard . survey says he fucked up . Nice . The @googlenexus brought back the oh so popular feature of random network failure and immediate revival . Sister goes to Pennsylvania for 2 days at a leadership camp ,  and comes back in a long distance relationship    . Care to share any details  ?   imagine that toddler kicking those seats . I just smiled and nodded at the library worker cleaning the tables in WisCEL and he just gave me an angry look wow . so much for coverage bands . My southwest seating strategy failed miserably and now there is a husband and wife talking and passing a bottle over my lap  . Welcome to Flappy Bird for school computers    . Hamlet sounds like something McDonalds serves for breakfast . #LoveCruising . Assistant TO THE Regional manager . God bless whoever invented the trace graph calculator function . #thankfulthursday . it is important to note the because of the way bitcoiin is stored ,  it is near impossible to find and tax . More on that later . I think we should loop in @sydfromonline at this point too . It is impossible to tell if greek yoguis sour or just greek yogurt .  . I really hope he has a secret Twitter where he just rails on you . #GuessThatHelpDeskAgent  . '  . Basically every time warner rep online refuses to acknowledge that their network is slow and shitty and unreliable and old and shitty . they should be giving it to the iPhone soon I would assume . You would be amazed at the number of CS students and faculty who reply all to the entire undergrad student list #YouShouldKnowBetter . Song writers need to agree to stop putting police sirens in their music . do you have a desire to canvas  ?  LIVE on #Periscope When someone climbs a 50 ft tree in downtown Seattle  . I saw that too . Is that place finally open again  ?  quote of the week goes to @inafried  . Since when was it supposed to blizzard this morning  ?  #politicalfactoftheday  . just play the extra credit game   i would have a B without it ... I shook his hand 0 . The vaccination rate at some NYC private schools is worse than some developing countries #TheMoreYouKnow . Only 20 ,  but the majority of the time i'm already on it when notifications come in . I posted it on twitter last Friday ...  Just assumed you had seen it . The saddest thing ever is when the guy from castaway looses his ball   . Sorry im like the 5th person ti say that ,  but im just happy     . why tho .  Shorty Wednesdays  . If you give me a parking ticket ,  you can bet your ass that it will be paid in spare change  . literally no one uses itSource Currently sitting in class @ High School . Do you understand what this tweet means  ?  get @lyft . The fitbit does an amazing job at jack shit . Just a personal recommendation . that facebook status was a perfect setup ...  Looked real too .. Nice place at @ComputerHistory too . but inc savings  inc in loans  inc money supply #schooled .  no pictures ,  no receipts . Taylor swift . Today a customer called me paof the Pokemon go generation and I have never wanted to be a millenial less . Um excuse me  . Time to get an android . 5 Hours Later ,  a APUSH project has emerged . Correcting freshman government tests is the most disheartening thing I have ever done ... The cable went down for the entire block ...  What's going on @TWCHelp  ? ohmygod you are sooooo going down . Wishing a happy birthday to HRC today . G3 . #cryingsoftly . they were as much workers as shields is a campaign manager . For all those interested ,  @TheAshun was the one who brought the damn vuvuzelas . @ClassicPixs 19 years ago today ,   the Netscape Navigator 1.0 web browser was released . People don't realize you can still be fired for being gay in half the states that gay marriage was legalized in today #LoveCantWait . The Wisconsin electorate can go to hell .  . AP chem cookies are a success . Wisdom teeth apt . scheduled for spring break  . If anybody needs motivation to get into the tech industry ,  look at all the instant millionaires made today #TwitterIPO TWTR . the apprentice has become a horrible ,  horrible show . What a shame . Go and do your up north stuff and leave me and my city alone . The fact that I just thought about summer ... Cranberries are the most optimum food product . he did promise to serve his 4 year term though ...   #morebrokenpromises  ?  unfortunately i said it was fsk . at least in this municipality yes . All on WE Energies poles . It is a full blown assignment   you should analyze it for me   . preach . omg its @SavannahConine . party ... Someone tried to grab my phone out of my hand tonight and very quickly learned you do not separate a momma bear from her cubs . Enjoy seeing #brands be fake af for us Millennials  ?  Check out @BrandsSayingBae  ,  courtesy of @verge . Its quite entertaining . Successfully registered for the ACT on Dec 14th . tethered it too ...  Verizons LTE is way faster than what cable gets me . Wait did they really . for . Nearly got hit by a kid heelie ing through the math hallway   . that pic looks more like a hammer and sickle ...  SovietBig conspiracy anyone   . Prize to the first pundit to say the iPhone 6 will be a game changerparadigm shift . Finally upgrading my computer of mountain lion .  #timetodochemhomework  . Damn time warner is down   no  cable  internet or tv ...  &gt  . I used 96 GB last month . I am currently praying to the Verizon gods ... 5 . IOS 7 is way too visually stimulating for sleepy use   .  When you are required to do a review packet Check out The Office's post on Vine  !  Is this code for getting drunk with Tammy Baldwin ? really  ?  I did indeed . How was it bb . Obama to demand up or down vote on fiscal cliff proposal   Manu Raju    . DCCC  ?   #OFAWinning . Let's go to the north side and get mugged   but its OK cuz we have insurance . falling into spring semester with a splash  !  Bust . probably wanted a premium for spark   . at least I remember leaving it there . Golden Guernsey closes in Waukesha   private equity at its finest . you said it was workfare which it is completely not . TVs  ?  Beijing isnt exactly known for its mobile network innovation lol . what on earth are you trying to say . literally just walking right outside witte . please explain .  . #highspeedrail #yessir . DUMB . has a US Cellular phone #eew . I'm at Oscar's Frozen Custard   @oscarscustard  Waukesha ,  WI   . 27 for meeeee . I got my bag from @flyfrontier today in around 14 min  !  Amazing Milwaukee speed  !  A 8th grader literally just leaked a full review of HTCs new phone a month early . Someone's getting sued ...  My birthday is today  !  DMY DAD BROUGHT HOME GYROS FROM THE GOOD PLACE IN MADISON I AM SO HAPPY . fav this tweet if you have 4A lunch . Someone on library mall asked if I wanted to try VR and it seemed cool turns out it was a VR of animal slaughter . @VerizonWireless Are you guilty of sending a mass text to friendsfamily on a holiday  ?  #TextTuesday please don't be this person . I love packer games . No one else is at the store and I can be efficient  . We can no ptz . Bastille days is very underwhelming . 'whoops' . Developing MH350 really a 777 ? and you are not  . aka the Deep South of NY . @politico Sen . Daniel Inouyes condition worsens  . GUESS WHAT TONIGHT IS . If you didn't wear a toga today ,   please go home  . Just average SAT scores600  Critical Reading690  Math570  Writing8  Essay1860 overall   defiantly retaking . Its like the old AT & T Ads Do you want more money or less money ? I am thankful for antibiotics . probably LTE release 13 haha . YOURE KIDDING RIGHT YOU GHOST ME ALL THE TIME . I wish I had a button I could press that could limit someone to like less than 10 snapchat stories a day . they were probably trying to recruit you for forensics tbh . Leaving  @ Aeropuerto Internacional De Cancn  CUN    @cancunairpoin Cancn ,  QR   . Yes  !  hee hee .  . TOTALLY . BONNED . FOR . THE . AP . EXAM ... Tinder for Amazon . Swipe right to buy . get it  ?  BURN  ?  #pun . #tallprobs . Happy birthday ,  Nevada  !  Today in 1864 Congress admits the 36th state . #Scherbs #APUSHWINNING . Brutal . picture . People on the bus still do not understand that the morning is sleepy time ,  not talkie time . shaw . New map of the universe confirms the Big Bang ,  finds the universe is older than we thought  . I think sherry likes me ,  but will it last  ?  Oh wow  !  @TheAshun is asking the important questions  . soup . I felt too awkward to say hi . hm . she better be putting it in the bank ,  therefore I am right you are wrong . Spent a solid 2 hours watching Russian dash can compilations . You can never get enough of these ...  #soviets . that 150 B in the bank should make for a nice cushion . Cuz why not . Just for the record ,  our governor supports giving an employer the right to fire you if you are gay . Just for the record ... ITS NOT WRONG THO UGH . update I am weak  . even sadder ,  we found out via red card Snapchat . RIP Angel the dog  . Lost a 139 day snap streak with @TheAshun because he was lazy  #smh . Verizon exc . Come on @FakeUnitedJeff  ,  live a little . I have a headache and my roommates are arguing over the definition of a Wok I think i am going to pop . IH8U . Almost got a job today   I was signing the Employee signature line ,  and told the guy about a week vacation ,  and he changed his mind   .  . Just for the record ,  our governor was elected on public timeJust for the record ... december . Today in APUSH ,  we made memes   APUSH is no longer boaring . Someone literally came to Algorithms today with 1 minute left in lecture ,  and left when it was over  ?  4th of July Boat Parade  . awwwwwwwwww . I strongly regret not packing thin mints in my lunch  . The correct answer is two you should have seen him ball  . Beef or venison or whatever . Ap euro exam was BULLSHIT . those assignments aren't actually due till the end of 1st quarter . hm don't you have a video to be working on . For non techies Car WiFi is useless . Why pay 15 moremonth when you would just use your phone wsame connection anyways  ?  Too bad they don't stream Russia Today live onto delta flights  . yikes . Might just have a heaattack . wow  tweet thanks for updating us all . Monsoon season came just as I was walking into school ...  Today's going to be a great day ...  &gt  #rain #soaked . Hopefully summer does not go that fast . round  ?  the instagram account 'brianna' was always a shameful excuse for an instagram account . Horrible pictures . Interesting  !  You shall never leave . The @Airbus A350 at @EAA . Nebraska' only purpose is a flyover state .  Literally that's it . #Badgers . Sparta is trying to come for you  !  hm . Whole foods is ideal . Get ready ,  I have at least 10 thankful tweets saved up for later today   . #TurnSOTUup . 10 year old daughter . For all those who scapegoat the electoral college Obama won the popular vote by 2 Mill  ... can two separate AWS blocks be aggregated together to make a contiguous AWS holding  ?  #CarrierAggregation . Colton has an exam in an hour and he is boarderline drunk at Hopcat . How on earth do people go to the gym in the morning  ?  I can barley make it down the stairs ... Why does our school teach us a 17 year old version of C ?  Bunch of reserved words and syntax have changed   its useless . if you make me puke in Gordon's then literally you have to clean it up . Yay go rigney . more like bi winning . Crazy wrong way driver nearly hit me in Waukesha this morning #DriverOfTheDay . I dropped 3 lbs of Mozzarella and Cheddar on the floor after close ...  How was your day  ?  thats one plane thats away from milwaukee . But still . UW Madison residence halls are fed with a gigabit pipe ,  just gotta plug into Ethernet . SORRY I DIDNT WANT YOU TO PUKE . #Badgers . naturally I'm on my phone though . #relatable . ago . bags  ?  time to download yo i guess ... DONT LET ZACH DROP . MY LEGS HAVE FALLEN ASLEEPI CAN NOT WALKSEND HELP . just wanted to clarify for some who don't seem to understand that .  . Receipts  ?  yes the DNC has cut him off but only when he violated his agreement with the party's data service . Then SURPRISE BLOODWORK  !  &gt  . late  Carmel  ?  Sounds good to me   . thats not what the data says   . Officially a declared computer science major  . shit does happen sometimes . how do I get a yard sign  ?  Ayeeeeee timber  . its beginning to be legit . Unlimited international data ,  no contracts ...  Seriously  !  later  ?  None pizza with left beef . Yes . SO to @MitchWerger for wearing the most festive shoes around  . How can you honestly not like House Hunters .  I DEMAND a white Christmas  . It's not . No joke did a 180 turning out on to National ...  #wisconsin . Anyone want to lone me 1500 in the next week to buy a google glass ? #Generou #Thak #Ye #Pleae #Loan #GoogleGlass . HALL 9000 . James is making me take a lyft . Hello my name is MHS and I have shitty school spirit . Android does it better  . as we we .   @TheAshun  and I are almost done with our book . the sexus nix is looking hot as always . I guess ,  so then it's just a massive ripoff from the testing duopoly . I hate eye dilation   I can't even read twitter without a struggle   . Next time I go scuba diving I actually have to try weaving a basket under water #skill . Nahhhh . New sandwich idea Burning at the steak a steak and cheese sub with loads of siracha sauce . why . I felt like everyone was looking at me at the end of study hall ,  the I realized there is a clock over my head . #mondaymoments . 823pm The reply from Jon Huntsman was an #ANSWER  .  . I love to go sliding on the ice   . OMG  an iPhone appears on the Oscars . How did Samsung let that happen  ?  !  ?  !  ?  !  ?  Ofireworks    . LOVE Joe Biden . Sext . If they don't give you a 5 star rating it's a hate crime . During 7th hr its going to be 111213 1415.16  215 and 16 sec !  boehners crying  !  Its soooo worth it . long enough for me to steal your iPod for 5 min . In ear headphones are possibly the grossest thing . My new book is coming out How to piss away 60 on food in a single day . Pulling for a snow day tomorrow ... Find Your Fucking Polling Place  .  . Not 30 seconds after arriving at thanksgiving and my extended family is already joking about ethnic stereotypes . Power outage  Super Bowl  half time  #failwhale  .  . Lindsey Graham   . NYTimes Carbon Taxes Make Ireland Even Greener . old school . MACBOOK PRO by far ,  apple actually supports its old computer & I am partial to macs so do it . link  ?  oh it looks like you need to open the camera app . A congressman is on my flight to D.C . rn and he's watching fox on the seat back TVs . Odds he voted to take away healthcare significant . Bring a phone downstairs  my mom as she holds her iphone . it still puzzles me why they push the iphone 4s rather aggressively on contract . Thats 2 more years of a 3G subscriber . So much resting on tomorrow.A good SAT score can give you more opportunities than one can imagine . Really crappy day outside today  . Polls show Romney and Obama in a dead heat ,  will one pull ahead  ?  me too   but apparently i guessed good . why was there no fb livestream  ?  eew paywall . 9 strait hours of AP euro today #insane #sos #stop #APeuro . literally this close  &gt                            . what did he finally get a nexus  ?  I remember this on a SFO  &gt ATL flight . They did it at like 2 am SFO time . Flicked all the lights on too . you sure like to parrot the stuff he says right back ,  so I feel I can make the assumption . I do not like time warner cable . the more you know  . neutrality . 30 out here . #BBM is just students making hay out of their dislike for the school . Me looking at prices for bottles water at miller park  . If you do not have a @tumblr yet ,  you live a very sad life . A homeroom day to practice what we would do if an intruder came  ?  Really  ?  #shitsgettinreal . New Phone D   Nexus 5 . Sounds like a certain successful verge social media manager is due for a raise  . so many young people don't know about Hillary's plan so I just wanted to clarify . More people might suppoher if they knew . #readyForTheStorm . They literally win awards for their service . Always the best in my experience . Uggggg can we just go home  . If you need a ride tonight ,  use my Uber promo code ,  uberBOLKA ,  and get 20 off your first Uber ride . Redeem it at  . the spreading of enlightenment ideals ...  #apeuro #coffeeshops .  . What's the usual data speed for excellent coverage . meal of champions . Taking the German placement test tomorrow after not taking german for 4 years is going to be a mucho grande crap shoot . She doesn't even say it right . It is literally impossible to have a bad Christmas when you are with scherbs . After 8 months ,  the OG Subway crew has been separated . Its been real guys  . good luck #newGame .  . He's the best player in the game . Mandatory Junior schedule posting  . For those on twitter who say no death penalty in MA ,  there is a federal death penalty for terrorism . NEXUS 5 ,  NEXUS 5 ,  and a NEXUS 5 . Is it seriously too much to ask for @twitter to make a stable android app  ?  I have not been able to read tweets for dayssss . Adult adventures paII  . Then I realized everyone in 124 was watching us dance around like an idiot  . State fair with @TheAshun . I'm sure the FAA & FCC will appreciate that a ton . Especially if you give it a fun name   . Palin paid 15.85 a word by fox  . soon  !  Only like 1.5 months of hard school left . perennial tweet . @RidingPaulaDeen  . I believe hauntinghexing is @bkoertha job . Mary Landrieu could save a lot of people a lot of money if she just conceded now . Everyone should get a trophy   . I need to take off my flannel badly . Screw studying .. I can get like an 80 on all my finals ...  Except #AP Euro i need a 114 ... Every degree warmer it gets today ,  my linguistics exam I have tomorrow loses a point . Rachel is great . point . what kind of things are you looking for  ?  The euro exams were scored last week . WHY CAN I NO HAZ  ?  #APeuro . I really could care less about the senate ,  they can't get anything done anyway ,  still have pres . this is show really interesting . How uncapitolist of you to agree to a subsidized phone . Sounds pretty socialist to me . Ferwerda would be proud that I got all the geometry questions right D . is SUPER positive ...  #Jeah . flash memory is all a government conspiracy and everything is stored in the icloud ... Lady gaga @RoyalCaribbean #royalcaribbean #oscars . reader . If you're not registered for @klout ,  check it out  !  Sign up today and let's see how we compare  !  T curves your final grade ,  and its apparently not that bad . How about no  . More eventful than the inauguration today was the ordeal I caused by accidentally scratching off a scab in Algorithms . plase tell me someone got that on a vine . Wyoming . #braceyourselfforawesomness . why do I feel like the board of directors took over your twitter  ?  you have this problem a lot ,  dont you  ?  if it was a sham by bb execs to jack up share price ,  does that qualify as insider trading  ?  Try me . 2012 map could be deja vu for Obama via @POLITICO for iPad  . you have to wait till tomorrow for Wisconsin access period ...  I was in VA . Denver debate do or die for Romney via @POLITICO for iPad  .  .  . you know it ...  BIG MANS COMMIN TO THE SHAW ON THURSDAY . I told thats where it goes . specifically on a network engineering internship .  . What did I accomplish in accounting today  ?  Signed up for TSA Pre Check   . Ambulance showed up at work   . you know they are coming out with a new one in 2 weeks ... do you know how many times i have heard I would like a six foot sub I usually just give them a blank stare . Used 7.75 GB of data last month #oops  . #tbt to when I ran for school secretary in 7th grade .  . My mom can not use emojiis  . obviiiii . Also notable we have a winter weather advisory tomorrow . #snow #cold #doubleTrouble . O . Quote of the day comes from algorithms lecture Another really cute idea is something very hard . thanks   . Is this a cry for help . 15 Page Bio packet from @komarpv #YOLO  ?  DO IT . damnit you're . kid voice I HATE SHARING . look @ those kicks . Whenever you say communism or marxist in a tweet ,  the red scre bot tweets at you   it makes my life . Someone made a fake account for me @johnb0lka is NOT me . Neighborhood is finally getting UVerse . omg same . not a chance on earth . unless you were stupid enough to get it shipped to your home not college address '  . Was usually getting 27 ,  and have been maxing out at 7 Mbps on the same towers as before with same amount of signal . How hard can it possibly be to turn in a lost purse A Novel by James and John  . also DLux . Sounds like an industrial engineering problem to me . I don't know ,  its really annoying they should stop . MB Or Mb . This whole wake up at 515 eveday thing is really not doable . Horribly fatigued only 25% through the year . hate to see James Menden back sweat . I love watching House Republican's civil war  !  #byebyeboehner #planB  #morningafterbill . that staple is wrong ,  should be at 45 angle . I could then buy 110 top of the line Model S . Shit its 1042 not 1042 #thanksgoogle . basically is . Bachman . POUTS  about to enter the house chamber . Last hard week of school . After that its smoooooooooooth sailing . If anyone wants to try the new Grand Mac at McDonalds on Regent ,  meet @jimmerjam11 and me at CS Building at 11pm and we will go   . max 200 ?  More like 737 ryan air addition . #Burkeshaw . Visiting the cripple @PresPatterson with @chastaincaleb  . 16 ? Anti Masons . but then how would my cities be planned  ?  T Mobile just made my day  . Every few weeks I do this bit where I take the bus all the way down east wash to get Taco Bell . Started the car this morning to go to Waukesha ,  and it made a loud grinding noise & spit out lot of smoke ...  THE VERRY VERRY BAD THING . I love when I am super close to a 4g tower &lt3  . I have been searching for hours for the motivation to do my US History . Not happening tonight . #procrastination . why tar sands when clean American coal is totally healthy and helps America  ?  Feels like its freaking 8 out right now #DaylightSavings . I'm so rich I literally paid everyone here . A kid I have talked to in 8 months accidentally left me a Facebook audio message   I live for moments like these . I can fix your wifi . why are we all so surprised I told her someone would jump for her premium @ . Made it through 2 seasons of house of cards in 5 days . Sic today  . Manditory obama re election status ...  #WINsconsin . days  ?  Today I went to the national mustard museum and bought 5 kinds of mustard . What a time to be alive tbh . Chemistry of sapphire . It makes your twitter history into a sonnet or poem . If you are ever feeling down ,  remember once while in Washington DC ,  I stepped out in front of ,  and nearly got hit by a bus ... My love for @SUBWAY can not be contained   . @DailyWisco @JohnBolka haha this was made by you  ?  most likely   but seriously people ,  change your password . If you test a fish on its ability to climb a tree   it will spend its entire life thinking its stupid  Einstein . Tfti . I swear to god some people's calling in life is to be a professional flake .  . Memorial Union Terrace Day 1 People making a scene showing off doing yoga on the stage . The dinner I just made is incredible all these Gordon Ramsey videos I have been watching must be paying off . remember when everyone was a hater . Flyfi quality for sure . Kid at lunch said I am glad JFK got shot This is disgusting ,  especially because this opinion of his is based of paaffiliation . Possibly the best walk into school yet this year . My phone frequently reminds me of how it needs to restaevery now and then   it does it itself #howhelpful #notreally #crash . Caleb and Patterson  @ Wisconsin State Fair Park in West Allis ,  WI w 32 others   . The google exhibit on it is really cool.#notAtSubway . #SherryLogic Me giving blank stare  EVERYBODY LOOK AT JOHNS FACE & Resting on arm  JOHN LOOKS LIKE HES GOING TO GET SICK . New background Colton doing the Mark Koehler snap  . PDA  !  And you thought your twitter was on the decline smh .  . Get Paul soglins face across ur back and then a suplimental tattoo of a logo for every liquor license he denies . im just a normal person . 9112001   ONE nation ,  under god ,  INDIVISIBLE . #Flt93 #911Day #Flag911 #USA . Place is a zoo  at @WoodmansFood40 w 6 others   . all we do is win . issue  ?  I pledge to america for all . This is karma for making us go to school last week when everyone else had off . Weekend in the dells at le grandparents house . hate to see James Menden passing CS 302 . Dont know where that is  ?  Go to  . jake . probs . For Mitt Romney's warming personality and awful political consultants   I have 4 more years and plenty to be #thankful for . The amount of glass in my apartment parking lot is terrifying like Im afraid to even walk outside with shoes . I did this exact thing in 2016. Use the LINK light rail and buses . Starbucks Roastery . Chihuly Glass p  . #winning . football football or soccer football  ?  My transmission on the Dodge Journey is shot   #HalloweenScare . BUT HOW  ?  Here comes the Karl Rove v . Tea Party civil war  !  grabs popcorn . CNN is already heading down the slippery slope to baseless speculation on #AirAsia #QZ8501 #AgainCNN  ?  Another night ,  another pissing match in the group chat  . Which flight are you on  ?  Darts Vader  ?   I never heard of that  ?  this literally makes me hate him for the VAN thing so much more . He ran as D for all the data the party has collected for years . week  ?  Seattle will always come out on top . 55 PCS in Madison ,  WI where they are fairly spectrum starved ,  only 55 AWS . Direct quote from @RepPaulRyan Net Neutrality  ?  I hate it .  ... Listening to conversations on # 6 bus is making me . The other day I looked up from my iPadTwitter during math lecture and the professor said As you can see we can us  . 43 days until the recall . What are your thoughts  ?  emails ... Brianna koerth  also known as @bkoerth   rn says her biggest life stressor is I dont know what I am going to be for Halloween . Madison should pay me to vigilante enforce the parking lot right next to my house I would be so good at it . @Gizmodo These are the most painful places to get stung by a bee  . Aloft hotel is nice ,  by the river . Eat at the public market  like a scale model of Seattle  ,  and usingers sausage . SO to @TheAshun for the advance notice that you were not going to school today  . just wait till you get into 145 ,  it's disgusting . settings . thanks for the autographed photo   . Not to brag ,  but look who lost 35 lbs in 2 months .  . but why did you ride the 82 without pants hm . up . Are you better off today than just 4 shoyears ago   @AP US unemployment rate falls to 7.7 percent ,  a 4 year low . SCREW YOU ACT READING SECTION .  yes . TRIGGERED . Vitamin C made out of Vitamin C  . 10 MHz B13  15 MHz B4 . link . AP Java heros  . The is the first time I have had low battery since I bought my extended battery ...  #goodolddays . Someone get ice for that burn  . big if true  !  Forgot to say iced when I ordered my Americano ,  so now I just have hot water and espresso   #FirstWorldProblems . lie . nobody understands why scherbs . immmmaaaa delete that tweet ... how kind . thats better than ever before . I shall not fall into dispare  12 Years a slave . What an excellent night to get the stomach flu  . People complaining about NHS selectivity on Facebook  salty generalizations . I think scuba diving in the Caribbean tops the list of cool things I am totally glad I did . He just threw away most of his 7 smoothie . 54 days before is the best time  . Dear Person at thanksgiving If your driving home ,  and your literally too drunk to open another beer ,  its time to stop drinking . Everytime it rains I think about how unnecessary it was the towers spent a week cleaning our windows outside just to have it rain on them . Just distorted my metal sink drain by pouring hydrogen peroxide on it ...  AP chem student right here ...  #CuWasOxadized . JAMES GOT YOU SO GOOD RIGHT THERE EXPOSED . what have I created . Beef . what course qualifications do you look for in undergrad intern applicants  ?  I'm at Martino's Italian Beef  Milwaukee ,  WI   . So like half of Waukesha decided to burn leafs today ... I'm at Miller Park   @mlb for @Nationals vs @Brewers  Milwaukee ,  WI  w 38 others  . They have dynamic pricing ,  so it can vary wildly from like 2 to 32 is the highest I have seen . Channel 12 cameras at school @komarpv @ashleykoehler  . Nothing more spooky this Halloween then sleeping through the 2am iPhone X preorder . Still above freezing in Wisconsin . #CNNdebate as air force one gets older and requires replacement ,  would you buy a newer 747 or a smaller plane  ?  95 Hours until Polls close in WI  !  @OFAWI . wanna send some luv my way  ?  People tweeting about FB game bandwagon much  ?   . One month from today and its over  . good . I wish I could quote tweet this cuz I hate it . THE WEINER MOBILE IS IN WAUKESHA D  . When you have an 11 hour day and stalosing it  . if you ever need chem help hmu . If anyone had 700 layiing around ,  suppothis phone   it has frickin 2 LTE antennas  !  Confess your love for me via paypal . I am thankful for net neutrality . at the Walmaon west . what's  tbh . Some people do amazing things and get campus buildings named after then . My legacy will be the Bascom snap filter  . sucks to suck . cutting EDGE  !  In the end ,  isn't this what really matters  ?  Waukesha Debate Watch Party is going AMAZING . #WINsconsin #firedup #readyforjoe . I can't figure out how to turn off flightaware notification ...  I'm still getting notifications from 3 weeks ago #stop . apparently it's Frances not Francis smh . Lieberman calls for national commission on violence via @POLITICO for iPad  . @9to5Google Google overtakes Apple as most valuable brand of 2014 in newstudy  . Thanks for this ,  also good to know I'm more important than @jimmerjam11 . you think Scott is there  ?  Doctors appt to see what on earth is wrong with my stomach . young and beautiful . By the Ocean this morning @ Catalonia Hotel riviera maya mexico  . you should  !  Good luck with the test thing tho ... If you missed it ,  you really need to go watch highlights from @meetthepress this morning . The Canadian pairs for the shoprogram figure skating is seriously amazing . yes . Can probs win this game still #tons #lots . Who was the smaperson that decided to close the SF bay bridge on a busy travel weekend  ?  Watching a pet slowly die is probably the sadest thing . ACT  ?  Walgreens still has NFC   . Studing for ap euro drains me  . Haven't even started chem write ups yet  . APUSH   we have to analyze it for a weekly reading . Need to decided if I want to come back early xmas break . When are you coming back to Madison  ?  your thirsty is showing . If I had a dollar for each leaf in the road that I thought was a cat ...  I would have made like 20 tonight . I thought if you have the postage on it ,  you can just drop it at the counter  ?  #YouLiveInWisconsinIf its 62 outside and you walk outside and say   Wow ,  feels like summer.I have air conditioning pls be my friend . Suggested to my parents that we upgrade our phones and they went on a piss rage . #great . That stock image is over 10 years old . Welcome to 2014 ,  2 paint schemes later . #MKE soon  ?  Web need your cabin .  Monday  . When you get this text from your Mom  . 4.3 ? Tesla Wins at April Fools  . Surge didn't even activate in milwaukee . Extra salty . WOW IS THAT WHAT YOURE TALKING ABOUT RN . Youre doing great . March and April spring break  before AP exams ...  That's it . sad  !  Today's episode of the friday news dump  . I worked on my college essay for the entire hour ,  and managed to pull together a topic sentence . This is unhealthy . can't wait to see you too  !  the new iPhone 6 . IT'S GOING TO BE 60 ON MONDAY . After using the Galaxy S 5 for a few minutes today ,  let me just say that it is a bit underwhelming . hey lyft wasn't there either . Tonight during the dinner rush a customer kept commenting on how good she thought my haircut was like hm I don't have time 4 this pls stop . O . STAHP . What have I learned from the APUSH weekly reading  ?  Lincoln was sexually frustrated . #sherbs . Unannounced iPhone 6 feature   flexible display #bentgate . I GOT A 4 ON THE EURO EXAM  . There is a Pikachu walking down state rn and I hate that this is still a thing . he might be lazy ,  but at least he is not incompetent . Brianna I swear to god . It's not even a rewards card why would you do that  . Sister what is that even supposed to beMe ViagraSister What does that do ? IPAD IS FINALLY UPDATING       . Dude everyone still uses quizup . #JonNeedsTheRoom . If vines are only 6 seconds each ,  why on earth do i get lost in them for 30 minutes ... if you were to write a nonfiction book ,  what would its title be  ?  maybe you should have not just been on dominos website at the library and actually studied . School is more annoying ,  harder ,  more stressful than normal this year . Its only the end of the first quarter  . anyone we know there today  ?  #tbt to meeting apple cofounder Woz in June  . what ever happened to central time   . F ma ,  more like Fml  @PresPatterson . ever since he unfollowed you ,  you have been salty about everything he does   . like we get it ur talented just don't die . Badger game  . Wisdom teeth get taken out tomorrow  . All these people are pumped for the eclipse ,  but i have yet to hear someone even consider that it might be cloudy  ?  #hottake . Three hole punched version of Jim  @johnkrasinski   for Halloween  !  #TheOffice  . If the EU actually tries to break up Google ,  I might just have a seizure . I just saw a 45 year old wearing a #yolo shirt . Going through my sisters instagram and liking every pic or her and her ex boyfriend ...  #winning #truelove . I signed up for their healthy meal emails . excuse me did you come out of the primaries with 800% of the money you came in with  ?  shun the non believer . please save our school @ericschmidt   . Buying a yellow phone case was the best decision I ever made .  . Comcast buying Time Warner  ?  Maybe we will finally get faster internet  #hope #change . I GOT A 4 ON THE AP EURO EXAM  !     LIFEMADE  !  we just know how to drive . Give me @googlefiber or give me death  !  #Waukesha #Wisconsin #Please #withsugarontop . #HamDaniel  !  UW Madison should rename the 82 the Golden Arches express #McDonalds . I LIVE IN WAUKESHA O . Why is twitter so dead at 1 am  ?  as in colbert . Free WiFi to anyone willing to join a network called Virus infested WiFi  . Never knew oranges inspired such powerful emotions . Do Malaysian regulations require a locked cockpit  ?  Surprise surprise the network is down in accounting again   . Opinions like that take politics way too far . My mother is a pro  . This stuff matters people O . Battery life ,  screen size ,  battery life ,  battery life ,  good camera ,  VoLTE ,  battery life . Mandatory summer tweet . but has she been in the way of ems any of those days  ?  Nope . pictures of the equipment this am  . @SenRonJohnson As one of your constituents ,  I'm asking you to help create jobs by extending the President's payroll tax cut . whats their event for  ?  The dude who came up with the plot to Alice in Wonderland was most likely on crack . i swear to god if you went to Wendys without me . PSA Depending on how you count ,  today is the halfway point in summer '  . Wuf . weird Bernie touts his endorsement ,  the guy tried to outlaw homelessness . Is the last flight seriously a CRJ  ?  I was going to come to the observation lot ...  might not be worth it anymore ... Wait ,  delta still fly's to SLC ? Hit a skunk on EE   time for a #midnightcarwash . him . year . God save them . Probably stuck in a 2 year contract ...  Worth paying the ETF . The application fee at some colleges is literally 15% of what my dad paid for tuition at UW Madison in 1980 . nobody important . TRUE  ?  !  ?  !  ?  big news everyone  !  I feel like im going to make a twitter bot this week ...  #whynot . In the long run ,  everyone is dead . participants.44 ?  That's car window open weather   . you are literallly hallucinating now please see a doctor . their working on it   not exactly easy & cheap to rebuild a terminal at a major airpoover night . or you could have gone just a bit further and got that PhD . PSA there aren't many US networks that could take advantage of Cat 6. Mostly just TMobile . Maybe Verizon regionally . SNOW SNOW SNOW SNOW SNOW SNOW SNOW SNOW SNOW #SNOW #SNOW #SNOW #SNOW . Harvard MBA illiterate  . Jeopardy at @ComputerHistory two weeks ago #ibmwatson @IBMWatson  . I really don't want to hear you play guitar at lunch . This is my peaceful time of day . trucks in star wars ...  Yeah dude tonnnnnssss . railroad  ?  My finger slipped and I accidentally bought the wolf of wall street in HD oops . Lady flipping out in the apple story  . sick  !  THE NEXT TIME THE BIBLE STUDY PEOPLE ASK ME TO JOIN THEM IMMA LOSE MY SHIT . answer is still no . To the person who hacked into my Google and Apple accountsYOU WILL BURN IN HELL ! #fuckyou #GoDie #dayruined . he dosent win either . No americans metaled . WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN . Cliff bars are the best thing to happen to food since sliced bread . When your dinner doesn't look like the pictures &lt&lt&lt&lt  . On the bright side ,  we only have three weeks till AP exams ,  then school is basically over  . unfortunately Bernies plan includes 13 payment by the state . I'm sure your local republican governor would happily pay . you are a mascot . day1 The app isn't working fix it u shir head2 My club had roast beef on it . Thanks for that . I found a site with all the details on Mitt Romney's 5 trillion tax plan . It's as simple as clicking a button . So my mom thinks that getting into NHS was a major deal ,  so apparently I get a 15 Starbucks card #score #winning . CNN  ?   do all the things . you didn't get charged 42  . honestly you can tweet about it but not reply  ?  Hm  . There is a paof me that really wishes i would have got into figure skating . Honestly it's only a matter of time before the entire area between State University and Gorham Frances is just one mega Hub  .  . Anybody selling the Baseball discount card things  ?  My dad might want one ... I have been made aware that tomorrow is actually Sunday . snowing fml . This unit in chemistry has turned my brain to mush ...  You could say a precipitate formed ... newb ATT social media manager does not realize how twitter replies work . It's a delegate race not a state race . Delegates are done proportionally ,  Sanders needs to be winning 60% of remaining vote . June bugs aka flying cockroach look alikes . Honestly this guy wears nothing but UW apparel but went to Miami University  ?   Me Dad I ordered a smawatch last night Dad Does it come with an official certificate of being a nerd  ?  #ThanksDad . Ticketmaster crashes as soon as POTUS tickets go on sale . are u by chance tweeting this from Hellen C White computers  . Today is #EarthDay . Did you know Earth Day was started by Former Dem . Senator from WI ,  Gaylord Nelson  ?  Dear Twitter  faking a picture is too easy.First person to gets 68.8 QUADRILLION DOLLARS  sarchasm  . #AirportAfterDark  @ General Mitchell International Airpo MKE    @mitchellairpow 12 others   . Check out this #ad for #gum by a #brand  . that's how they throttle the data ,  so its a second hand effect . Facebook tried to buy snapchat for 3 billion dollars ...  Snapchat refused ...  That's a lot of money ... yep ,  New Berlin ,  WI . I passed independent gym by 2 seconds on the mile   never need to take gym again   . Sister watched a paranormal show today & cant sleep   so I put a blue LED pointed under her door   #gotcha #ghost  . much fault many stars wow .   . yikes . their not exactly in a position to be calling the shots . If you have a galaxy gear ,  you are overcompensating for something . I upadate Chrome ,  and now CHROME of all browsers will not access @google pagessearches    #WTF #Makessince . Should I come to the kitchen . #themoreyouknow . Can I endorse you  ?   . bumble . sleep is overrated . update wife crying now . I take the bus all the way down East Wash to avoid studying for finals  . New years resolution  .   the price part . kenosha was previously manufacturing more so than racine ,  so probs trade  ?  I love saying people ghosted me . I wish I could like a tweet . Denied at target . Atleast they even sent me an email . I swear that the pick n save on sunset is the epicenter of road rage in WI . Especially whiskey jacks . google hangout would have provided much greater quality video and audio ...  just saying . What times  ?  you walk around with your camera on ,  the app edits little animated characters into your world ,  then you go crazy . Vweird . I am thankful for the common app . This morning I realized that I got my hair cut way too sho  . Dear people  the debt ceiling does not stop spending ,  it stops paying back what we already owe #fiscalcliff . Valid reason .  . I bit off way more than I could chew this summer ,  and right now everything is culminating in a hell storm of bussyness . it has besles bigger then the G3 like wtf . nice job AJ   @ajkahle . I love credit cards . Love @sprint 's forced attempt to be as hip as @TMobile and @JohnLegere . buzz up . Baby Seal in the Snow  . why  ?  Im going to have a stroke  . I love city lab omg . Bucky took my phone  .   . Some people still care  . May is nearly half way over ... Phone can't pick up signal from MHS BYOD   I must survive off of 1x #thestruggle #mondays . tool  ?  If you can't see my snap story today ,   you are missing out . Add me on snapchat  caesium . MI style wins aka winning by 2 points when he needs to be winning by double digits to catch up with what matters delegates . I don't think I will ever get tired of shake it off . The Oscars were way more funny when Ellen hosted them #sorrynotsorry .  . how are u . what's your point  ?   Sick invite . Although quizup was a massive fad ,  i am still enormously proud of my level 30 in candy naming . area .  . im defiantly getting back into it this spring . That test was crappppppp #jciii #curve . relax . Its still works ,  just 14 usual speed . No big events . Wondering if they were tinkering with the network . Its a contest from a CEO ,  so its legit . I texted my sister asking if she had any questions doing college visits this week and she's ghosting me rn . You might like ios 8 now ,   but chances are you'll be jelly when Android L comes out in a month . can I have your ticket . Back in #BoringMKE . Looking pretty sparse #ReallyHotTake #TheCloudsAreTheOnlyEclipseINeed  . mine does not statill Apr 21 . #deplorable . Strongly dislike haircuts &gt  . Registered for the SAT on Dec 7 ...  Nervous af . My phone battery level decides my mood . omaha008 for sure . Real Pizza  @ Giordano's   . Accurate . you  ?  There is an ice cream truck down the block ,  and it is taking every ounce of self control to not go running . it's a deal . sick . We get it .   . I just witnessed two frat bros carrying what can only be described as several thirty racks of La Croix in the Hilldale Target parking lot . yikes . 10.5 Billion offered in one weekend . Amazon prime is so prime . because Mara does not have twizlers . That's why . Back in home sweet #AMERICA #USA #USA #USA  @ DallasFoWorth International Airpo DFW  in DFW Airport ,  TX   . Did they get any more 320's  ?  Easter bunny gave me an IOU . Armed and dangerous  . Tbh I'll probs cry tomorrow at some point . On the list of bleak things ,  not much is more bleak than being at Einstein bagels on state at open . Not yet   thanks for reminding me . 90% sure that a squirrel lives in the ceiling above the kitchen . colon . Just met  apple cofounder  Woz  @stevewoz   #daymade  . Dog has cancer #great .  . I locked the doors ,  they were opening . get  ?  Shout out to all the people who have an inspirational quote on their twitter header that they have never ,  and will never live by #keepitreal . #CapExFreeze . #verizonprobs . bogus . Spending the day at airventure @EAAupdate . IT MADE YOUR DAY BETTER ,  AND YOU KNOW IT . My sister is killing my internet speed . YOU DONT NEED TO FACETIME WHILE YOU WATCH NETFLIX . maybe just listen to some calculus  . situation  ?  The journey to Cancun begins  @ General Mitchell International Airpo MKE    @mitchellairpoin Milwaukee ,  WI   . should probs go to bed now ... I just finished watching all of the @IBMWatson Jeopardys for like the 6th time this summer ...  Why not  ?  #midnightproductivity . water is wet . Some people have really questionable venmo payment descriptions . Example plz explain @bkoerth  . #LyftDes . 8 pictures of pumpkin spice lates in a row on instagram ...  I have great friends ... moving . I wish I could angry react that . I'll get a vine of you taking off . I have never seen james walk as fast as he is rn to Starbucks Frapuccino happy hour . i hope you get no more than an 8   . Legit just fit a 4 page google doc on a notecard #Math222 . Rn cryptic math professor made the answer to like a half hour problem   . hi . Nothing says regret like looking at timehop . Still the best  @ Martino's Italian Beef   . HE LOST THEM . as a tech lover coming from Verizon in even a moderately rural area  SE WI  ,  I would say its very doable . always use the @ . Just had a minimum of 4 waiters fighting over where I sat for drinks ,  because they remember I tip well . #IFeelWanted . there is a difference  ?  Wowie I am in for a shock . SHE SOLICITED MY ADVICE .  . #uwfall #ad . debate . when a momma cloud and a daddy cloud love each other very much . maybe even one that was ,  say ,  of a higher speed . did you wait ellie bur  ?  Fact who you vote for is a secret ,  but whether or not you voted if is public record   so make sure you #vote today . this is my brand . Omg u got me so good . year  ?  #JustCALSThings . In case you missed it last night ,  Trump literally said Bush caused 911  . #Shocker  . Its not like apple invented the phablet . hate to see the James Menden airposhuffle . 14 mile ,  they have these along a road every 14 to 13 mile through an entire town and elsewhere around town .  . go to b . Even in a digital age ,  getting mail from my family in Slovenia is pretty cool . for me I usually just reconnect to the cell network and go with that and it works . it basically is already ... When you fly ,  please never be the asshole who reclines your seat . Just because you can ,  doesn't mean you should  . that's the antenna ,  they are fiber fed . Apparently @Starbucks goes looking around twitter ,  giving people free coffee ...  Its like a secret santa of espresso #EspressoSanta . I believe I have discovered a new favorite show . South Beach Tow on TruTV . SERIOUSLY . Don't judge till you watch it .. You know what pisses me off  ?  !  ?  !  ?  Paying 2 times as much for popcorn & Drink at movies than the movie itself &gt  #why . use my promo code H99F0 and I will love you forever   30 free ride #shamlessPromo . #chevrolet . you're weak I did it anyway . AF . That T Mobile ad was pure gold @JohnLegere . not mad ,  just hope people know what they have done . my valentine is @MarcusRussell65 pls inform him at ur house of this news . Had at least 3.5 lbs of honey roasted almonds so far . u2 . Thats my birthday   . @ATT . Some day I too wish to have the self confidence of these people putting on a show at the Capitol square  . Listening to someone with a Brooklyn accent cry is an interesting experience 1010 would recommend .  . Turns out my world changing engineering idea I put in my college essay was just implemented by bit torrent . Coincidence or something more  ?  this is so problematic . Whatttttt I want one   .  . Got myself some TecTiles   #NFC #technology . For Halloween I am dressing up as High School John Bolka . #datastrong . Cheek is so swollen I am starting to look like John McCain . Chick next to me at blood drive looks like she is going to puke and pass out . Bernie flip flops too . Gay marriage and guns for example . Was voting with the gun lobby for years not a bad decision  ?  receipts  ?  Why cant printer companies make a single ink cartridge that works for all of their printers  ?  It takes up an entire wall at the store ... After further research ,  I have determined that they are the working of the devil . obvi ,  did you hear it  ?  I have gotten 65 before . Wisconsin is literally the only state with a big fat chunk of clouds over it  !  The Foxconn pollution has started  !  How do SO MANY PEOPLE have the energy to RING COWBELLS on state street for 5 hours I HATE THIS . I can't believe the only way I can sleep is on my meningitis B vaccine arm . Making it rain college mail style  . In other news I still can't spell . #MakeItHappy . Made the news for .75 seconds   basically famous   . whatever ellie bur . yo @FCC spectrum reserves matter  !  Paof an open internet you so much want to preserve is competition between wireless  !  The school replaced all the WiFi routers over break and somehow managed to make BYOD worse . LETS DO IT . Live look John takes a tumble at State at Lake ,  falls in puddle ,  everyone sees . The illusive S word appears in the the forecast        . framitto . If ur having a bad week remember that until last Friday I was spelling the street I have lived on all semester wrong . let the record reflect that I was indeed the first to post a summer status and everyone else is therefore copying me . @CNET Mini is set to unveil an all new Cooper hatchback  . Memorial day game  @ Miller Park   @mlb for Baltimore Orioles vs Milwaukee Brewers   . Some random MHS chick took a Snapchat of me making subsEither I am very cute or some inside joke   . They must use Elmer's glue to assemble buses ,  because this one sounds like its about to fall apart . what chem unit  ?  Kinda wish I had taken Spanish for filling out the customs form  @ Aeropuerto Internacional De Cancn  CUN    . anddd suddenly its 1 am ...  #oops #mighnightthoughts . Yeah dude that seniors 2017 shiwas a really bold outfit choice on your first day of college #fearless #aProfileInCourage .  . Haven't even looked at anything for the calc exam yet . God help me . #shotOnIphone . There are coyotes in my back yard ... It sounds like they are eating something  . #memes . My thanksgiving dinner was a cheeseburger from 711 lmao . It pains me that essays still require Times New Roman . It's not 2004 anymore . Anything but physics tbh . I gets the point across #secretsnap . in kids defense ,  the ACT Science is not really science . Virtual Reality . WEATHER ALE FULL BLOW BLIZZARD OUTSIDE MHS   close enough . Free  unrestricted WiFi to anyone in 124 4A   join network NSAMOBILEVAN7 . A MARXIST . Good . 95% chance you still have a subsidized phone . How much did you pay for your iPhone  ?  WHY IS MY LOCK SCREEN RED O  .  . nutella . Thank you for using republican attack #1 ,  what a classy way to stand for democratic unity . Get a credit card . MKE . We turn 50 in 2046 ,  which sounds crazy ... Immagine how crazy 2014 sounded to our parents #deep . or an Arron shock  ?  since when does McDonald's sell soylent  ?  are you ok . I now see why they canceled school ...  #fuckingcold #coldpocalypse2014 . 118 scale  ?  #7478model . there are non ticketed areas   but you have to be there like 3 days early . Bought a Verizon gift card for my parents partially as a good will gesture ,  but more as a helpful hint . I'm at Pirate's Cove Adventure Golf & Family Fun Center   @piratescovewi91 in Wisconsin Dells ,  WI  . period . #JohnBolkaYearInReview pa6 .  . Both of my childhood pets are in the final days of their lives at the exact same time #MerryChristmas .  . also this  . typical . when I get back tonight ofc . was that you they pulled over on national  ?  39%Babula ,  Ronald . An Armington model of US cotton exports. Journal of Agricultural Economics Research 39.4  1987  12 22.long live the original 4g . Spotted the @Teslyft on blumound  !  I went to MUKWONAGO thank you . Then Log in . I am the law  . Why on earth does the ACT charge 12 for a single score report  ?  its literally a free email . I'm eating spoiled milk  @bkoerth . Expand the money supply  inflation  bad . Therefore ,  spend it all .  . Do you think if I cried at the WisCard office they would give me cash back from my WisCard  ?  How might one obtain a W 2 if ones place of former employment no longer exists  ?  Just a shout out to the 20 people who posted the entire walk the moon conceto their Snapchat story . brogrammer . Did you know that a bajillion is only 1042 #TheMoreYouKnow . I saw @ReneeMGagner biking today  !  #notsurprised #BaBikeashaw   . 9162016 ,  the day @jimmerjam11 lost a  flip flop on the 80 #tragic . well see &gt  . Yay  ?  For as long as the olympics are on ,  i shall get no sleep . I wish I could emphasize Facebook statuses and wow iMessages . Me what kind of cheese do you want ? Customer where do we live ?  #America . Nothing worse than warm pillows   . freshman . The olympics light flashing is going to give me a seizure . Maybe he just really likes the new under armor branding  !  its amazing coverage ,  just costs a Frick ton for minimal data . I am still most likely going to stay . TMBL is a thought now . it's worse when he is your congressman ...  #WI1 . Ask @FakeUnitedJeff . This is flip flop weather people . Polls showing that Republicans might pick the Dem . nominee .  . make a list of demands ,  mostly internet that works ... Today in 1861 General Winfield Scott ,  commander of the Union forces ,  steps down . #Scherbs #APUSHWINNING #imdonenow . Every MWF there is someone who says hi to me as I walk up charter and I don't know their name #yikes . It is a scientific fact that people who walk in right before closing will always say just in time ! . Always . soon many more people will pay attention to you hehe  . a pipe burst lmk when you don't take water for granted anymore . Jerry Brown's California revival   Alex Isenstadt    . Donated blood today . When someone brings in a list of 5 subs @WorkAtSubway  . 4 day week  ?  I think yes     #summer . Walker promised the last debate that he will serve his full term . Wonder how long it will be until he announces he's running for president  ?  In retrospect ,  walking the dog in shorts was not a good idea ...  #2020 . Michael Quality O'Leary is his name . John you are like 5  BROB . Jess from HFA was late with the text  . maybe they are working out the VoLTE VoWiFi hand off . Also doesn't help they don't have Rel 10 LTE or VoLTE nationwide . The people on the local news have the personality of a wet sponge . #fake #forcedlaugh . Best of luck to my childhood bestie and neighbor Mitch when he starts at the Air Force Academy next week  !  I am thankful for the FCC . Absolutly owned the #SAT essay . The lady who checked me in at the blood drive looked no joke like a 40 year old Lindsey Lohan ... does this make you happy ellie  ?  true  .  . 5 . ACT reading absolutely killed me . Streaming Netflix on my phone all day . #bornmobile . People who never clear notifications of their phone give me seizures . Why does this bus driver feel the need to play country music really loud on the bus  ?  #pleasestop . want to say . Do you just live stream your life on to youtube or something  ?  no ,  but I could learn quick . Me on my 25 minute walk home from work today  . but the Iranians in arcades are much more friendly . Lets be real Rigney . Mark ,  this is the content we needed ,  but didnt know to ask for . WiFi account name of the week  ?  NSADataMine #wifi . Mark koehler got the healthy drink at Jamba Juice and hates himself . The Chipotle on State is single handedly keeping Chipotle afloat through corporate scandal I swear . Sus tweet . OK stoners ...  I was actually thinking of this  . ed fallone v . Rogensack for suprime court . I just entered a @Techfye giveaway to win a @TMobile Samsung Galaxy S4 !  #Magentafye Enter now  !  Tbh I'm mostly just thankful for @verizon . im talking 32 here . My new guilty pleasure following @realjohngreen on Instagram   hitting the refresh  button all day . If you can write ,  I was shot in the head while meeting with constituents ,  you're a good spokesperson for gun safety . you may be P sure but are you v sure . All in for #Seahawks . angsty teens groaning about 2 party system and how Bernie is different . Christmas comes early  . You dont know fear until lightning strikes 3 ft in front of your car . NO PHOTO CREDIT NICE . TMUS . levels  ?  no . especially as this post contradicts like half of the other posts on FB . beautiful with John Lynch  . I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I  . Walker keeps same day registration via @POLITICO for iPad  . Really excited for summerfest to be over so that I won't have to skip through 10 friends with 3 minute snap stories of the same concert . My philosophy Favoriting a tweet takes like .00005 seconds and boosts a persons self esteem 693758x . Teaching my parents how to use their new iPhones ...  This is adorable  . maybe try troye Sivan . Lady Babe ,  what's 6 times 2 ... Dude Does it look like I went to college ?  couple at pick n save . Quite an odd day at lunch . I am strong  . Senators love their own ...  They confirmed Lloyd Bentsen sec . Of treasury before they even held a hearing . #factofday . This fall I took a dance course for two days before I dropped it and now I get at least 34 emails from the dance department per day . death by animal BITe . BDS SOAR . BEEF . I'm at @Chilis Grill & Bar  Waukesha ,  WI   . No but lucky has the same phones as the help desk used to and it's eTriggering . colon meet brianna and brianna meet colton . literally a meatball takes 0.0% effort . Just plop them balls in a bun and your golden . big . Badger pretty game  @ Union South   @uwmadison in Madison ,  WI   . Now sydney that's really impractical and a great way to waste energy  !   #futurebadger  . Where you spend your money matters  . Galaxy Note 4   Note Pun Intended  . Huge day  !  SOAR  ?  That's exactly why their LTE is 5x5 right  ?  earlier this year the entire witte 8A den was watching someone in the B tower . Not that all favorites are sympathy favorites . no not originally ,  you only said that for the second tweet . The original said you don't trust without a not me . wanna order pizza . Temperature drops 25 degrees over night.#welcometowisconsin #winterIsComming . Colbeleft CC ,  now Stewais leaving CC ...  is CC the next MTV  ?  must have been an awkward convo . So @jimmerjam11 literally just hissed in the Sett and I think I'm going to ghost him after today . get @EdwardosPizza  ,  its the best stuffed pizza you can get . romantic royalty . #edshowissue2 recall walker  !  oh god #7GradeSwave . Ordering a burrito at Chipotle is possibly the most intimidating thing I have ever done ... Memememe I am a high schooler who lovessss mobile networking ,  and I have a special place in my heafor Uncarier ideals . Or flush our lives down the toilet . Romney wins Fla . Republican Presidential Primary with 46.4%. 100% precincts in . @politico  . u look like Hillary now lmao  !  The people who have the gained the most from suddenly warm weather are  shirtless show off runners . casino royale #GoldA380 . rumor has it that Dwight has Sprint . that news is like 15 hrs old ...  Get with the program . Option 2 you're all racistsPlease welcome out first white presenter ,  Anne Hathaway GOD BLESS ELLEN . you have the constitutional right to do so if you please haha #JKScaliaDoesNotThinkSo . Where in madison is Street Street . I'm saying ur outfits are hawt . unreliable in WI . City of 70,000 ,  close to Milwaukee   pick up times vary fro 7 min to not aval at all . Nice  @ Niketown Chicago w 3 others   . I could be studying for AP Euro in accounting ,  but twitter is way more interesting . Apparently the Waukesha plows suck at life   massive piles of snow in the middle of the road . I have a 99 for the semester ... I love @amazon   . First time I ever made one ,  cuz I wanted a billion dollars '  . Cranberries make everything better . I am thankful for Java . I am thankful for GMO crops . penney  !  @Factsionary At 23 ,  Jennifer Lawrence is the youngest person ever to earn a trio of Oscar nominations. @TheAshun . Life update I went as a tide pod  !  @tide  . I love strewing around in Photoshop during study hall   . 